Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Start Ups FX Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX News Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism ASEAN World War 3 China EU Real Estate Lifestyle Luxury Dining Spa Hollywood Art Shopping Travel Dubai Thailand Hong Kong Italy Vietnam Palm Beach Tahiti USA Abu Dhabi Roatan Indonesia Japan Australia Singapore Health Horse Racing Dubai World Cup Kentucky Derby Royal Ascot USA Australia Hong Kong Japan UK Singapore Horse Sales News Breeding UK Horse Racing France Breeders Cup Godolphin Coolmore Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Free Trial IR Hot Start Ups Managed FX Real Estate Feature Companies Services Consulting EB5 CrowdFunding Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Calendar Live Charts Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Shoes Sell for $15K By John Heffernan on June 8, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Shoes Sell for $15K Apple is late to the game in announcing an augmented reality initiative. But one developer says: “If Apple gets this right, they will own the hardware market for years to come.” Apple dabbled in making clothing once upon a time. From the mid-’80s through the early ‘90s, the brand catered to their fandom with the most exquisitely time-frozen clothing and accessories, in campaigns full of oversized sweatshirts, popped collars, and a whiff of American Psycho. One of the most coveted items Apple produced during this time was a pair of branded sneakers, which Heritage Auctions is planning to list on eBay on June 11th with a cool starting price of $15,000. Apple is trying to set the HomePod apart from direct competitors like Google’s Home and Amazon’s Echo, the HomePod ends up positioned oddly far from what seems like such an obvious goal. Apple Inc. (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. The Company also delivers digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM, and Mac App Store. The Company distributes its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In February 2012, the Company acquired app-search engine Chomp. Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards. Short term: Prices are moving. Intermediate term: Prices are trending. Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside. The projected upper bound is: 159.91. The projected lower bound is: 151.41. The projected closing price is: 155.66. APPLE INC closed up 0.920 at 155.370. Volume was 20% below average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 53% narrower than normal. Open          High            Low            Close           Volume 155.020     155.980      154.480      155.370      21,069,648 Technical Outlook Short Term: Neutral Intermediate Term: Bullish Long Term: Bullish Moving Averages: 10-period       50-period       200-period Close:                       153.96            148.24              126.67 Volatility:                12                    18                      20 Volume:                  22,216,142     24,959,234     30,176,794 Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon. Summary APPLE INC is currently 22.7% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is extremely low when compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. There is a good possibility that there will be an increase in volatility along with sharp price fluctuations in the near future. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of AAPL.O at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on AAPL.O and have had this outlook for the last 28 periods. Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators. Stochastic Oscillator One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 67.0131. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 14 period(s) ago. Relative Strength Index (RSI) The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 62.83. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 14 period(s) ago. Commodity Channel Index (CCI) The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 184.This is an overbought reading. However, a signal isn’t generated until the indicator crosses below 100. The last signal was a sell 15 period(s) ago. MACD The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a sell 13 period(s) ago.   APPL, Apple, finance, heffx, NASDAQ, Phone, shayne heffernan, stock, trading, US Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Shoes Sell for $15K added by John Heffernan on June 8, 2017 View all posts by John Heffernan → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts John Heffernan John Heffernan is a Junior Analyst at HEFFX. John is studying Economics and is a contributor on equities at Live Trading News. Latest posts by John Heffernan (see all) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) Rallies To Compete - June 8, 2017 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Shoes Sell for $15K - June 8, 2017 Amcor Limited (ASX:AMC) HEFFX Highlights - June 7, 2017 Related posts: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) HEFFX Target confidently stands at $200 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Massive Battery Drains Bug May Cause Drop In Price Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL) HEFFX Still Strong On $300 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) And Nokia Settle Patent Dipute Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.     Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Beach Bum Kit Calendar Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Fast Jets USA Feature Companies HEFFX Knightsbridge Law Miami Bikini Shop Race Horse Syndication Free Trial Hot Start Ups IR Knightsbridge Agriculture Live Charts Managed FX One Ohana Real Estate 11 11 Hotels – Thailand Heart of Europe-Dubai Services Asia Business Asset Management Consulting CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India, Pakistan get ready to join SCO — and future joint military exercises As protests spread to other MP areas, Shivraj Singh Chouhan offers farm sops Standoff over rates: RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance before review Presidential poll to be held on July 17, if needed, says CEC Nasim Zaidi On the line from Kathmandu, Charles Sobhraj: Have to undergo heart surgery, don’t know if I will survive Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Samsung Galaxy Note 8 launch in August, to feature ‘Infinity Display’: Report Samsung Galaxy Note 8 launch in August, to feature ‘Infinity Display’: Report Samsung's Galaxy Note 8 will likely launch in August, with a similar 'Infinity Display' just like the Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ smartphones with an 18.5:9 aspect ratio, according to reports based in Korean Media. Galaxy Note 8 will also have a dual rear camera By: Tech Desk | Updated: June 8, 2017 11:06 am Samsung’s Galaxy Note 8 will launch in August, just before the Apple iPhone 8, claims a new report. (Representational Image. Source: AP) Related News Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: Stylish phone with impressive camera Samsung to take on Apple HomePod with its own Bixby-powered speaker: Report Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017), J5 (2017) and J3 (2017) with Android 7 launched Samsung’s Galaxy Note 8 smartphone will likely launch in August, with a similar ‘Infinity Display’ just like the Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ smartphones. Galaxy Note 8’s display will  an 18.5:9 aspect ratio as well, according to reports based in Korean Media. The smartphone could also come with a dual-rear camera, claims the latest report. A report in the Korean Herald, which is based on industry sources says Samsung Galaxy Note 8 will continue with the ‘Infinity Display’ seen on Samsung’s current flagship. The report also says Samsung will launch the phone in August, just ahead of the Apple iPhone 8 event in September. It also added the dual camera lens on Samsung Galaxy Note 8 could feature a 12MP wide-angle lens and a 13MP telephoto lens. The report also highlights a Weibo video leak, which showcased a 6.3-inch display on the Galaxy Note 8. According to the report, Samsung is reducing the bezels on the side of the Note 8’s display to ensure a larger display. This isn’t the only report talking about the Galaxy Note 8. On Twitter, a user account by the name of PoyocoTech has been posting renders of the upcoming Galaxy Note 8, which looks a lot like the Galaxy S8. PoyocoTech has posted on their Twitter account saying that Samsung’s Bixby button the Note 8 will have “texture,” but the S Pen design will stick what we saw in the Note 7. Again there’s no way of confirming any of this, but we’re guessing these won’t be the only leaks around the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 that will come out in the following months. For Samsung, Galaxy Note 8 will be a crucial phone, more so than the Galaxy S8 and S8+. Samsung will try and erase the horror of the Note 7 fiasco with this new phone. The company has already confirmed it is bringing back the Note brand. Also read: Samsung Galaxy S8+ with 6GB RAM, 128GB storage launched in India Samsung Galaxy Note 7 would have been one of the best flagship Android smartphones in the market, except it went up in flames thanks to battery malfunction on many devices. Samsung has put in a program to ensure more stringent battery tests for all devices after the Galaxy Note 7 problems. With the Galaxy Note 8, it will be all about trying to revive the brand, which has done well in the past for Samsung. More Related News Samsung Carnival on Amazon: Top deals on On8, C7 Pro, On5 Pro and more smartphones Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) listed on Amazon France, could be made official soon For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Samsung No Comments. Most Read RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result RBSE 8th result 2017 declared at rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in, here's how to download Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L): As it happened NEET 2017 results date to be announced, five things you need to know Best of Express Rahul Gandhi at Madhya Pradesh border: Farmers not given same respect as jawans James Comey testimony live updates: Former FBI director's hearing begins SportsIND vs SL Live Score: Sri Lanka lose opener Dickwella early in 322 chase OpinionIndia should utilise Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, but it must sidestep ambushes by China and Pakistan OpinionRobust intellectual property rights regime holds the key to incentivising research on medicines Buzzing Now EntertainmentFatima Sana Shaikh slut-shamed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramadan: 'You aren't a Muslim EntertainmentSamantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya's wedding date set. Here are all the deets EntertainmentSridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' TrendingThis Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years TrendingBrother ki dulhan? Younger brother pushes elder brother aside to marry the bride Top News VIDEO: Rahul Gandhi pushes Madhya Pradesh policeman, says 'how can you stop me?' Centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers: Rajnath Singh on Mandsaur violence What is Swaminathan Commission Report and how is its implementation relevant? SportsRohit Sharma-Shikhar Dhawan become most successful pair in Champions Trophy SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, Champions Trophy SportsFrench Open Live score, women's semifinals LifestyleBJP MLC from Jammu says 'momo is a killer'; but is it really? LifestyleRani Mukerji is back and her style game is right on point TechnologyMotorola Moto Z2 Play first impressions: Worth its Rs 27,999 price tag? TechnologyFlipkart Father's Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Jun 08: Latest News Indian-American lawyer killed after being hit by train in US Visit Dalit homes, have food with them: BJP top brass to party leaders ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Joe Root’s consistency is absolutely astounding, says Ian Bell Pakistan to propose three judges to ICJ for Kulbhushan Jadhav case MS Dhoni: Top sixes in his cricket career, watch video                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data By Afp Published: 01:33 EDT, 8 June 2017 | Updated: 01:33 EDT, 8 June 2017 e-mail Chinese authorities say they have uncovered a massive underground operation run by Apple employees selling computer and phone users' personal data. Chinese authorities say they have uncovered a massive underground operation run by Apple employees selling computer and phone users' personal data. Twenty-two people have been detained on suspicion of infringing individuals' privacy and illegally obtaining their digital personal information, according to a statement Wednesday from local police in southern Zhejiang province. Of the 22 suspects, 20 were Apple employees who allegedly used the company's internal computer system to gather users' names, phone numbers, Apple IDs, and other data, which they sold as part of a scam worth more than 50 million yuan ($7.36 million). The statement did not specify whether the data belonged to Chinese or foreign Apple customers. Following months of investigation, the statement said, police across more than four provinces -- Guangdong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Fujian -- apprehended the suspects over the weekend, seizing their "criminal tools" and dismantling their online network. The suspects, who worked in direct marketing and outsourcing for Apple in China, allegedly charged between 10 yuan ($1.50) and 180 yuan ($26.50) for pieces of the illegally extracted data. The sale of personal information is common in China, which implemented on June 1 a controversial new cybersecurity law aimed at protecting the country's networks and private user information. In December, an investigation by the Southern Metropolis Daily newspaper exposed a black market for private data gathered from police and government databases. Reporters successfully obtained a trove of material on one colleague -- including flight history, hotel checkouts and property holdings -- in exchange for a payment of 700 yuan ($100). Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  'I just spat out my coffee!' Viewers' shock as Trinny Woodall blurts out that she 'wants to be black' while admiring a model's 'marble skin' on This Morning (before stroking her BREAST) Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen is being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid $120 million divorce Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey 'You are a beautiful soul!': Kris Jenner is the first to wish Kim Kardashian's husband Kanye West a happy 40th birthday Family first The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham dresses for her fashion fatigue in a blue pyjama set after a non-stop week in New York City Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand No auto tune needed! Britney Spears proves she has a flawless voice as she shares unedited clip of her singing hit, Toxic Talented Heavy night? Myleene Klass wears SHADES in the dark as she heads home after a boozy evening at Graduate Fashion Week Gala Bleary-eyed Daisy Lowe cuts a dishevelled figure in her eye-popping gown as she leaves the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition party Alesha Dixon displays her enviable abs in a tiny bandeau top as she attends fashion event with boyfriend Azuka Ononye Flashing flesh Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man at NYC event Louise Redknapp reveals she was in BED with husband Jamie when false claims of marriage woes surfaced... as she insists they're 'great' Leggy Katie Piper wows in chic floral mini dress and nude wedges as she leaves Manchester hotel ahead of Ideal Home Show appearance He's hooked! Sam Claflin can't take his eyes off stunning wife Laura Haddock as they attend the London premiere of new film My Cousin Rachel Pregnant Tamsin Egerton exhibits her baby bump in smock dress as she joins partner Josh Hartnett at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Bra-vo!  'Relationship guru' Stephanie Davis weighs in on Ellie and Lotan's kiss on Big Brother... as she mocks her own saga with Jeremy McConnell in TV debut  Chloe Meadows sports neon orange bikini during Dubai getaway... after former pal Megan McKenna claimed she only wanted to reconcile for 'storylines' 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor in tense scenes on KUWTK Dating Tristan Thompson That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Doting dad  Kim Kardashian knocks back tequila while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol) Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley If you've got it! Christie Brinkley, 63, puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Leggy lady!  Big Brother's Chanelle McCleary discusses her painful Brazilian butt lift... before sobbing when her housemates vote her most likely to cheat on a boyfriend 'That's your first strike!': Arthur Fullford clashes with Joe, Hannah AND Imran on Big Brother... as viewers brand him 'most irritating person ever' Down to a fine art! Lady Amelia Windsor is flawless in a black dress layered over a white blouse at the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition Victoria Beckham unveils leather trousers and neon shoes in a VERY edgy new line she says is 'rooted in reality' (but some items will set you back £3,000) Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save the vaquita porpoise which could become extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage as she leads the glamour alongside Katherine Jenkins and Arizona Muse at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Look out ladies, Poldark's back on the market! Aidan Turner and girlfriend Nettie Wakefield 'split after being driven apart by conflicting schedules' 'We agree to disagree': Katy Perry reveals how her devoutly Christian parents reacted to sexually suggestive lyrics in Bon Appétit song One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by torrential rain  What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut tummy in black hoodie and tracksuit bottoms as she runs errands in LA A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Radiant in red  Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple  His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays touching tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown that shows off her incredible figure as she supports her NBC show This Is Us Blue-tiful Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops  Katherine Jenkins exudes elegance as she goes hand-in-hand with husband Andrew Levitas at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition 'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 Lauren Silverman slips her svelte frame into elegant green lace gown as she supports casually-clad partner Simon Cowell at his charity ball in London Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Quirky What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York City Shimmering star  They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Reunion Alec Baldwin looks dapper as stunning wife Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation Cute couple  Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress and shimmering silver heels at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Myleene Klass dazzles in a demure strapless dress at fashion gala after baring all in VERY plunging white gown the day before Glamorous display  Kym Marsh relaxes with her family at curry house opening in Manchester... after being praised for 'moving' British Soap Awards tribute to late son Archie All Night Long! Legendary Rnb singer Lionel Richie coming Down Under with Nile Rodgers for six city Aussie tour  Australians rejoice  'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto admits he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to be a dad Pixie Lott shows off her long legs in a racy double split yellow gown with a daring plunge front as she leads the glamour at lavish charity ball Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket and skinny jeans as she touches down in Los Angeles Jet set style  Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach as she puts on an energetic display on Battle Of The Network Stars A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls and orange jacket as she heads out for coffee in New York Radiant redhead  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville Plunging neckline 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on The Real Housewives Of New York City Make-up free Apprentice star Luisa Zissman cradles her baby daughter Indigo as she pays a visit to her local garden centre Low profile  Ariana Grande is back onstage amid heightened security as she resumes Dangerous Woman tour in Paris after Manchester attack Spot on! Margot Robbie flaunts trim pins in a summery polka dot frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish on Wednesday 'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Mollie King proves her fashionable flair by swapping the traditional party dress for a striking rose gold trouser suit at Barry M's anniversary bash Doctor Who's new hue: Pearl Mackie shares a daring amount of sideboob in a striking coral gown as she wows at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition Twiggy, 67, goes heavy on the millennial pink as she proves she can still turn heads at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection Will be available on her official website Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX Paired her sandals with a black Ivy Park hoodie Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she ignores ex Scott Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny grey mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry in Miami rain Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Wore tight gym clothing  Suited beauty Victoria Pendleton looks slick in an equestrian-style suit at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition... after trading cycling for horse riding Ellie Bamber proudly shows off a Stone Roses tee beneath her retro pastel co-ord as she makes a style statement at Royal Academy Summer bash Pretty as a picture! Emilia Fox exudes elegance in whimsical printed midi dress as she storms Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Girl power! Former Australia Prime Minister Julia Gillard reunites with unlikely pal Rihanna in Malawi as pair seek to raise $3 billion for better education Suki Waterhouse, 25, is reunited with rumoured beau Diego Luna, 37,as they step out in Manhattan after her appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as the actress declares 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of her 50th birthday 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!' John Cena describes the moment he proposed to his Nikki Bella in front of MILLIONS of fans Rough night? Bleary-eyed Mark Wright looks just a tad worse for wear after partying with his sister Jess at nightclub in Los Angeles Weary  I'm Still Standing! Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form as he bounces back from 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency Ariana Grande's manager confirms that Noel Gallagher was never asked to perform at Manchester One Love ... after he was SLAMMED by Liam  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt Getting ready to board Tequila, it won't kill ya, says Nigella: Culinary queen Lawson 'gargles' with spirits to remedy her 'fluey' symptoms Gargled with Mexican spirit Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Jaime Winstone debuts her dazzling engagement ring as she cosies up to her DJ 'fiancé' James Suckling at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition  Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Love Island's Katie Salmon flashes her cleavage in lace-up camouflage dress as she joins Zaralena Jackson for swimwear launch in Manchester Denise Van Outen is casually chic in pink floral shirt and trendy lace choker as she makes a radiant arrival at her BUILD Series talk Casually chic Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Actress revealed her cancer has returned The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes 'We didn't have scales as kids': Sophie Ellis-Bextor has BANNED the word 'diet' from her home... following encouragement from her mother 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film Open for a return Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Posted a new image on social media Hysterical Holly Willoughby 'nearly wets herself' before downing gin on This Morning... the morning after partying hard at the Glamour Awards 'Our babies cause mayhem together!': Kimberley Walsh gushes about fellow mum and BFF Cheryl... and reveals she's ready to have another child  Fancy seeing you here! Former TOWIE star Jess Wright makes surprise appearance at Chris Brown's documentary premiere in Los Angeles Braless Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display in a garish jumpsuit with a patterned cape at Midsummer Ball charity bash From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'It's not the 18th century!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'take care of her kids' after she posted video of herself partying Punching pupils... and that was just the teachers. Ackley Bridge was Waterloo Road with Hijabs and a slice of modern Britain, by JIM SHELLEY Big Brother's Mandy brags about her SEX TAPE in front of her daughter... as Ellie and Lotan kiss in the hot tub before getting steamy under the covers 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Perrie Edwards and Jesy Nelson go wild on stage at Little Mix concert in Stockholm... after Jennifer Saunders 'scolds' them for awards no-show Defiant Stephanie Davis goes braless in a revealing top after accusing Jeremy McConnell's ex-girlfriend of using her 'name for fame' Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight as she shares racy behind the scenes look at Bon Appétit music video Good enough to eat!  EXCLUSIVE: 'I wore tiny pants to hide my hangover': Human Ken Doll is a dead ringer for Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in budgie smugglers 'Children don't need to see such exposure!' Ann Widdecombe calls for 'X-rated' Amanda Holden to be FIRED from BGT following string of racy dresses Make-up free Felicity Jones steps out for shopping spree... hours after revealing her engagement ring at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit Jessica Simpson slammed for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Shooting her TV Land half-hour show Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo First debuted her makeover in May Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead of suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sad news  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Much-loved storybook nanny 'Affecting my fertility was a wake-up call': Christine McGuinness hits back at accusations of promoting anorexia as husband Paddy helped her overcome eating disorder 'I like Royalty, Prince and Duchess': Katie Price shares names planned for baby number SIX... despite daughter Princess shunning her moniker Southampton striker Charlie Austin and wife Bianca RE-FOLLOW each other on Twitter... after cutting ties when she cryptically claimed he had been 'cheating' 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium Has added to her feline brood SPOILER ALERT 'What more could we want?' Love Island's Montana and Chloe pin their hopes on new Boy Bombshells as Chris and Jonny arrive to shake couples up  Caroline Flack suffers double nip-slip as her plunging ruffled dress fails to contain her ample assets as she leaves Glamour Awards Oops Pregnant Ferne McCann covers her bump as she joins anti-bullying campaign... amid TOWIE pal Vas Morgan's criticisms of her 'choice of men' Leggy Amy Childs flaunts her post-baby body in a scarlet summer dress as she celebrates turning 27 with newborn daughter Polly MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in tiny blue bikini as she parties by the pool with her pals on Greek getaway Jorgie Porter puts her shapely pins on show in thigh-skimming shirt dress as she enjoys girly brunch in West Hollywood Legs eleven  Good night? Make-up free Fearne Cotton clutches a huge flask of coffee after partying into the early hours at Glamour Awards Getting some fresh air Supermarket sweep! Casually-clad Coleen Rooney displays her post-holiday glow as she leaves the shops laden down with groceries  Shopping in style  'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins  Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy She's expecting  Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Emma Willis looks exhausted on This Morning following 'tipsy' Glamour Awards... and reveals Holly Willoughby made her STAGE DIVE at her wedding 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses marriage to Daniel Craig Still stunning  'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Happy couple Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in a translucent LBD during dinner date with The Weeknd in NYC Baring all Making waves! Cody Simpson speaks at the United Nation's Ocean's Conference after being named their FIRST advocate New role Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted trousers Striking Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cosies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville Made a solo trip to the event on Wednesday 'It gives you goosebumps': The Voice Kids judge Pixie Lott is a sexy señorita in floral Bardot gown... as she marvels at 'magical' maturity of contestants 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne smugly reveals Cheryl has son Bear sleeping at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik 'He was actually really cool about it': Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after agreeing to drunken dare Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion Kate Conger Jun 8, 2017, 3:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  apple device fingerprinting devicecheck differential privacy privacy security wwdc wwdc 17 Share Tim Cook once scolded Travis Kalanick about Uber's practice of tracking users even after they deleted the app from their iPhones. But in its newest operating system, iOS 11, Apple is rolling out a feature that will allow the same type of tracking — but with fewer privacy implications. Photo: Getty Apple's new feature is called DeviceCheck and, if developers choose to use it, it will allow them to fingerprint and persistently track users' iPhones, even if a user deletes the app or wipes their phone completely, using Apple as an intermediary. To be clear, this kind of fingerprinting does not allow for location tracking. It lets developers keep track of former users' devices so that, if they ever come back to the app, the developers will know they have been there before. In Uber's case, the ridesharing company developed a fingerprinting technique to blacklist devices that were involved in fraud, though Uber's implementation ran afoul of Apple policy. The New York Times reported that Uber engineers used geofencing and a dummy policy-compliant version of their code to prevent Apple employees from catching onto the technique. Apple, of course, discovered it anyway, leading to the 2015 showdown between Cook and Kalanick. A review of Uber's code from late 2014 by Will Strafach of Sudo Security Group found that Uber was likely tracking device serial numbers. After Cook confronted Kalanick, Uber modified its code to comply with Apple policy. The newly unveiled DeviceCheck will work with iOS and tvOS, and it allows app developers to associate two bits and a timestamp with a device indefinitely. Apple privacy engineer Katie Skinner pitched DeviceCheck at WWDC yesterday as a method for fraud prevention that will be more privacy-protective for consumers. "There are many developers who are currently using a variety of techniques to try and identify devices. Now, they may be trying to identify and answer questions like: Has this device received a free trial? Has this device participated in fraudulent activity?" Skinner said. "Now, in order to achieve that goal, many developers — though I'm sure none of you in this room — may be collecting lots of information in order to associate some state with that device." Instead of sneakily scraping a device serial number, as Uber apparently did back in 2014, developers will send two bits (they can choose from 00, 01, 10 and 11) and a timestamp to Apple. This information will be saved by Apple until an app developer resets or modifies it. "This means it will be stored by Apple through deletion of your app, reinstallation of your app, through erase all contents and settings, as well a transfer of that device between users," Skinner explained. Developers can assign whatever significance they choose to the bits: 01 could indicate that a device has engaged in fraudulent behaviour while 11 might mean a device was flagged as suspicious but later cleared, for example. But the device will forever remain associated with the timestamp and bits the app developers assigned it. Skinner used the example of a news app with a seven-day free trial to explain how DeviceCheck will work. Imagine you download an app that comes with a free trial; the app might send Apple a timestamp and 00 to indicate that the app has been installed and the seven-day trial started. After a week, the app might send a different token to Apple's servers (01 and a timestamp) to indicate that your device has used up its free trial. If you delete the app and reinstall it later, it will request the token from Apple, and Apple will respond to the app's servers with 01 — indicating that it's time for you to start paying a subscription to use the app. The user may then receive a prompt that their free trial has expired and it's time to pay up. The setup leaves everyone involved in the equation holding as little personal information as possible: The app developer isn't collecting a serial number or other identifying information about a user, and Apple only holds two numbers, without any indication of what those numbers mean in the app's logic. However, DeviceCheck could create problems for people who've purchased used iPhones — they might be blocked from receiving a free trial of an app the previous owner once downloaded, for instance. "You need to think about how to handle these types of cases," Skinner warned developers, suggesting that they give users a way to get in touch if their device has been incorrectly fingerprinted. Strafach, the president of Sudo Security Group, told Gizmodo that DeviceCheck seems like a balance between fighting fraud and preserving privacy (although he stressed that he hasn't personally tested the feature yet). "What I am seeing is an honest effort to compromise between the legitimate need to prevent fraudulent behaviour versus allowing developers to access sensitive identifiers," Strafach said. Gizmodo contacted an Apple spokesperson for further comment on DeviceCheck but had not heard back at time of writing. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments backfromthedead @backfromthedead Jun 8, 2017, 3:25pm Fuck that. I'm glad I'm with Android instead. Reply 0 fenix @fenix Jun 8, 2017, 4:10pm Did you even read the article? Nothing to be worried about here. Reply 1 soldant @soldant Jun 8, 2017, 5:50pm I'm more worried about Google than Apple when it comes to privacy. Reply 0 carl @carl Jun 8, 2017, 3:30pm Apple as a company were, are & for ever will be complete scumbags. Reply 0 Almost Guest Jun 8, 2017, 3:59pm Just because you paid for the hardware, and every bit of software on it, doesn't ever mean you own it - they will always own you. Reply 0 OriginalFranz Guest Jun 8, 2017, 4:01pm Oh hell no. No sane would think this is a good idea. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing Uber has been accused of exploiting a VAT loophole to avoid paying £40 million in tax every year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > HomePod is speaker first and smart later, this may help it beat Google Home, Amazon Alexa Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: JUN 08, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Smart speakers are hot nowadays. Any tech company worth its salt is doing them. Amazon with Alexa had a early start but then Google joined it with the Home. The latest big player to enter the scene is Apple HomePod. At the recent WWDC 2017 conference Apple announced HomePod, its own smart speaker. However, unlike some other smart speakers in the market, such as the Google Home and Amazon Alexa, there are some differences. When they introduced the HomePod, Apple executives did's spend time on showcasing all the smartness of the HomePod. Like Google executives they didn't talk about how it uses machine learning to identify voice of a kid from that of a grown up guy. Similarly, like Amazon, which sells Alexa, Apple didn't talk about how well its smart speaker can buy goods on the website. Apple focused on something basic, something that connects with all users: digitally savvy or not. It talked about the music and sound quality. The way Apple is positioning Homepod is simple. They are positioning it as a speaker that is brilliant at playing music. It has the hardware and designed tuned to pump out good sound that will possibly make the music sound clear and nice. The smart functionality is just an add on. And the Apple executives talked about the fact that HomePod is powered Siri, the company's virtual assistant, almost like an afterthought. So, the HomePod will tell you the weather or read the news of the day. It will tell you the joke because Siri is inside it. It will talk to you about the latest movies or tell you the distance between earth and moon if you ask it. But that is not the primary responsibility of the HomePod. The primary work for the HomePod, as Apple says, is playing music in a way that is better than how others do it. To play this music well, the HomePad has the hardware that other smart speakers like Google Home or Alexa lack. On both the Home and Alexa, music sounds terrible. There is no bass. There is no soundstage. The highs don't go high enough. The lows don't get registered. The mids sound muffled. These speakers don't have any depth to them when it comes to music playback. They are designed to read news or tell you the weather, or to make calls. They are not the kind of speakers on which you can play Symphony No 9 and experience your heart fill with joy. But the Apple HomePod looks to be different. It has a proper woofer. It has 7 tweeters. According to Apple it has been designed keeping in mind the music playback and it directs the sound intelligently by taking into account its placement in a room. All of that may mean that this could be better, no much better, speaker to play music. Advantage Apple? I wouldn't exactly say that right now Apple has the advantage with the HomePod. After all, with price of $349, it is going to cost a cool $200 more than something like Google Home. It is expensive for a speaker. Then, we still don't really know that it is significantly better than the Home or Alexa or not. But it is getting the messaging right as far as consumers are concerned. It is similar to how Apple got the messaging right with the camera in the early iPhones. Consumers always cared about the camera performance of phones because they used the camera. They didn't bother with so many other hundreds of unique features. Apple focussed on camera performance of the iPhone and reaped rich rewards. In comparison, the Android phone makers all focused on other features. It's only in the last couple of years that Android phone makers realised the importance of the camera and have improved it. The same I think is going to be the case with the HomePod. It will find favour with consumers because a speaker - whether it is smart or dumb - is primarily going to be used for playing music. Everything else, at least in near future, is going to be just an add on. It is true that one of the reasons why Apple is highlighting the music playback as the top feature of the HomePod is also because Siri is not very smart. Compared to the Google Assistant that powers the Google Home and the Alexa, which is inside Amazon's speaker, Siri is pathetic, especially in India where it can't even properly recognise what a person is saying because of the accent. In AI, in categorising and serving that information, in machine learning, in making dumb devices smart, both Google and Amazon are ahead of Apple. But in all likelihood none of this matters in the case of the HomePod, not right now. For now Apple can sell it is a good quality music speaker with add-on smart features and it will most likely find favour with consumers. Music playback is what matters to most consumers more right now than the speaker's ability to tell why dinosaurs died. And it is the music playback that HomePod will most likely do better than the other smart speakers. Also Read: Apple WWDC 2017: Mac Pro, iOS 11, Siri Speaker HomePod and all other big announcements Also Read: Many cool products at WWDC 2017 but Apple again forgot to upgrade MacBook Air For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech OnePlus 5 rumour roundup: Dual cameras, Snapdragon 835, funky colours, 4,000mAh battery and more Recommended Reviews Yu Yureka Black review: Sleek, fast, and super shiny Sennheiser HD 2.30 review: Compact design, laidback sound but wow factor missing Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Saurabh SinghReliance Jio was fastest 4G network in India in May but it doesn't matter Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
International Business Times, Singapore Edition International Business Times, Singapore Edition News Singapore Customs seizes nearly 3,000 cartons of duty-unpaid cigarettes Myanmar military plane crash: Authorities find 10 bodies, debris Singapore: PUB says older HDB flats will get more water-efficient toilets for fr Researchers engineer stem cell-grown heart tissue to improve drug testing Singapore inks deal with Myanmar to boost partnerships for firms World Singaporean man dies in Perth car crash, family members taken to hospital Australian PM says Melbourne siege 'a terrorist attack' China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Asia Pacific Singapore Customs seizes nearly 3,000 cartons of duty-unpaid cigarettes Myanmar military plane crash: Authorities find 10 bodies, debris Singapore: PUB says older HDB flats will get more water-efficient toilets for fr Singapore inks deal with Myanmar to boost partnerships for firms Indonesian tax revision raises grouses, finance ministry revises plan Business Singapore inks deal with Myanmar to boost partnerships for firms Indonesian tax revision raises grouses, finance ministry revises plan Indonesian tourism industry takes blow from Qatar diplomatic row Malaysian palm oil giant suspends CEO and CFO, probe launched over PwC findings Singapore local businesses are getting optimistic for Q3 Technology Google Home glitch shows AI's vulnerabilities Samsung Galaxy Note 8 to keep Galaxy S8's 18:5.9 screen ratio Apple plans to focus on VR while keeping up encouragement for AR Apple helping UK government to fight terrorism, says Tim Cook HP introduces Accelerator: Will this external GPU enclosure please gamers? Sports Argentina vs Brazil, international friendly live streaming: How to watch Melbour Barcelona transfer news: Lionel Messi to agree new deal until 2021 Lionel Messi, Nicolas Otamendi to miss Argentina's friendly against Singapore: R Rafael Nadal vs Dominic Thiem, French Open 2017 semi-final live streaming: How t Asian Cup Qualifier: V Sundramoorthy banks on bench strength ahead of Singapore' Entertainment Kim Kardashian badgering Khloe for baby knowing she may not get pregnant? This Goblin actor confesses to being mesmerised by Gong Yoo's beauty Ben Affleck trying to steal Jennifer Lopez's heart from Alex Rodriguez amid chea BIGBANG's T.O.P has finally woken up after being close to death Selena Gomez sizzles in raunchy outfit for date with The Weeknd Health Fiber-rich diet helps in lowering risk of painful osteoarthritis: Study Italian coffee helps to lower prostate cancer risk: Study Ireland tops new global healthcare system rankings, Singapore in 21st spot 3D-printed ovaries can help infertile women get pregnant: Study Lifestyle In Pictures: Beautiful images of underground metro stations in Moscow Australia's Great Barrier Reef cannot be saved by current efforts: Find out why Learning Korean from K-drama: 10 favourite words from Korean dramas! Instagram rated worst social network for mental health: Find out why! Michelin to launch second edition of Singapore guide 2017 on June 29 Search News Technology Apple helping UK government to fight terrorism, says Tim Cook June 8, 2017 12:36 SGT By Poulami Nag Tim Cook, CEO, Apple Reuters In the wake of recent terror attacks at London Bridge in the UK, Apple has just revealed that their technology is doing the same to help the UK government. In an interview with Bloomberg, Tim Cook, CEO of Apple confirmed that the company is "cooperating with the UK government" to keep a check on terrorism and hopefully stop it. Although Cook said that no details about the cooperation could be revealed, he did say that the government of the US is being facilitated, through a "lawful process", with the data stored on the company's servers that could help track down the suspects of terror attacks, which have been plaguing the country for quite some time now. UK has been a victim of the growing terror attacks in Europe, which has also targeted France and other countries. In the last three months, there have been three attacks that have led the government to take stringent steps in order to curb the violent extremism, which is being hailed to be the reason behind the attacks. The government has recently arrested several people, who are suspected to have been involved in the recent attacks including a suicide bombing that killed 22 people in Manchester Arena in May. Floral tributes are seen near the scene of the recent attack at London Bridge and Borough Market in central London, Britain Reuters Technology companies have been criticized for not co-operating with the tracking process by some critics, who have also called for the removal of certain encryption standards, which might aid in identifying terrorists. Apple responded to the issue via Cook, who said that while the company is going to aid the government by facilitating information that can help law enforcements to track and find terrorists, they won't be compromising with the encryption standards. Cook's interview with Bloomberg was focused on discussing affairs related to politics and government, where the topic of Donald Trump's decision of removing U.S. out of the Paris climate accord was also discussed. While Cook was critical of the decision and thought it to be "not in the best interest of the United States", he confirmed that he will remain an advisor to the president. Related Islamic State claims responsibility for London attack London Bridge Terror Attack: What You Need To Know Singapore's first Apple retail store, Apple Orchard Road, inauguration date revealed Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots READ MORE Google Home glitch shows AI's vulnerabilities Samsung Galaxy Note 8 to keep Galaxy S8's 18:5.9 screen ratio Reality Winner: Late night hosts poke fun at alleged NSA leakers unusual name Apple plans to focus on VR while keeping up encouragement for AR HP introduces Accelerator: Will this external GPU enclosure please gamers? Follow Us: Uber hires Apple's marketing star Bozoma Saint John Kaspersky Labs calls Microsoft 'monopolist' after allegedly disabling anti-virus program IPad Pro introduces 'world's most advanced displays' Pokémon Ultra Sun and Moon confirmed not coming to Switch Internet behemoths are planning a 'day of action' to support net neutrality Home News World Asia Pacific Business Technology Sports Entertainment Health Lifestyle About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, Singapore Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India, Pakistan get ready to join SCO — and future joint military exercises As protests spread to other MP areas, Shivraj Singh Chouhan offers farm sops Standoff over rates: RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance before review Presidential poll to be held on July 17, if needed, says CEC Nasim Zaidi On the line from Kathmandu, Charles Sobhraj: Have to undergo heart surgery, don’t know if I will survive Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Flipkart Father’s Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Flipkart Father’s Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Flipkart's Father's Day sale has begun, and the Apple iPhone 6 with 16GB storage is getting a massive 40 per cent discount on the e-commerce website. Apple iPhone 6 will be available at Rs 21,999 on the website, down from the original price of Rs 36,990, By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 8, 2017 6:50 pm Flipkart’s Father’s Day sale has begun, and the Apple iPhone 6 with 16GB storage is getting a massive 40 per cent, and will be available at Rs 21,999. Related News Sale season? GST regime from July 1, Flipkart, Amazon and others might go on stock clearing spree Apple iOS 11 hidden features: WiFi sharing, FLAC audio support and more Xiaomi, Apple keep top spots in global wearable segment in Q1 2017: IDC Flipkart’s Father’s Day sale has begun, and the Apple iPhone 6 with 16GB storage is getting a massive 40 per cent discount on the e-commerce website. Apple iPhone 6 will be available at Rs 21,999 on the website, down from the original price of Rs 36,990, and you can get another Rs 15,000 off if you buy the smartphone under exchange. Of  course, how much amount you get off in exchange will depend on the kind of device you are trading for the new Apple iPhone 6. But is the Apple iPhone 6 deal worth it, despite the price drop? Now the Apple iPhone 6 was retailing at Rs 24,990 for sometime on Flipkart, so really the discount isn’t as drastic as you would think. However, this is a good chance at getting a 4.7-inch iPhone for just over Rs 20,000, which might not happen again for sometime. For those considering to buy an iPhone, whether as a gift for your father or yourself, Flipkart’s current sale might make things a bit confusing. In terms of specifications and performance, Apple iPhone 6 shouldn’t give any cause for trouble. It has a 4.7-inch LCD IPS Retina Display, Apple’s A8 chip with the M8 Motion co-processor, 8MP rear camera and a 1.2 MP front camera. The total space you’re getting on this phone is 16GB is never going to be enough on an iPhone. On the software front, the iPhone 6 will get support for iOS 11, which is the new OS that launches this fall. For users who were worried about the software bit, this should come as good news. However, before you decide to hit buy, do note that there’s an Apple iPhone 6 with 32GB storage space available at Rs 25,999 on Flipkart, which is just Rs 4000 more than the 16GB version. This version of the phone also comes with Flipkart Assured next to it, which means the quality check has been done by the company. Once again this phone comes with up to Rs 15,000 off on Exchange, so you can get more discount on the price, depending on the kind of phone you hand over. If you’re bent on getting an iPhone for Rs 21,999, the iPhone SE is also retailing at the same price on the website. This one comes with a smaller 4-inch display, and might appeal to those who don’t like big displays. Also the iPhone SE comes with the new A9 processor, and a higher 12MP camera. Oh, and there’s 32GB on board storage, double of what the iPhone 6 has to offer. Apple iPhone SE still has a 1.2MP front camera. For those feeling more generous, the iPhone 6s is retailing at Rs 35,999 on the website, while the Apple iPhone 7 is still at a discounted price of Rs 45,999. Overall if you’re planning to buy an iPhone this week, go through the options carefully. Extra storage is always better, even if you give up on the slightly bigger display. More Related News Apple iCloud storage price for 2TB slashed to half, now starts at Rs 650 Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier : Here’s what you need to know For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Flipkart V vijayraj Jun 8, 2017 at 10:03 am Vijayraj Reply Most Read RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result RBSE 8th result 2017 declared at rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in, here's how to download Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L): As it happened NEET 2017 results date to be announced, five things you need to know Best of Express Rahul Gandhi at Madhya Pradesh border: Farmers not given same respect as jawans James Comey testimony live updates: Former FBI director's hearing begins SportsIND vs SL Live Score: Sri Lanka lose opener Dickwella early in 322 chase OpinionIndia should utilise Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, but it must sidestep ambushes by China and Pakistan OpinionRobust intellectual property rights regime holds the key to incentivising research on medicines Buzzing Now EntertainmentFatima Sana Shaikh slut-shamed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramadan: 'You aren't a Muslim EntertainmentSamantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya's wedding date set. Here are all the deets EntertainmentSridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' TrendingThis Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years TrendingBrother ki dulhan? Younger brother pushes elder brother aside to marry the bride Top News VIDEO: Rahul Gandhi pushes Madhya Pradesh policeman, says 'how can you stop me?' Centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers: Rajnath Singh on Mandsaur violence What is Swaminathan Commission Report and how is its implementation relevant? SportsRohit Sharma-Shikhar Dhawan become most successful pair in Champions Trophy SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, Champions Trophy SportsFrench Open Live score, women's semifinals LifestyleBJP MLC from Jammu says 'momo is a killer'; but is it really? LifestyleRani Mukerji is back and her style game is right on point TechnologyMotorola Moto Z2 Play first impressions: Worth its Rs 27,999 price tag? TechnologyFlipkart Father's Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Jun 08: Latest News Indian-American lawyer killed after being hit by train in US Visit Dalit homes, have food with them: BJP top brass to party leaders ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Joe Root’s consistency is absolutely astounding, says Ian Bell Pakistan to propose three judges to ICJ for Kulbhushan Jadhav case MS Dhoni: Top sixes in his cricket career, watch video                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Apple’s new tablets pack cutting-edge… Apple’s new tablets pack cutting-edge hardware, revamped software Best Buy is throwing in free gift cards with iPad Pro pre-orders By Kyle Wiggers — Updated June 7, 2017 12:19 pm Subscribe Share Get your Sagan on with these 42 awe-inspiring photos of the final frontier The best part of this minimalist Pacific Northwest cabin is outside the window Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Update: We added a section on pricing and availability.  Apple took the wraps off the new iPad Pro lineup at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on Monday. The iPad Pro 10.5 and the iPad Pro 12.9 — the company’s latest slates — replace the iPad 9.7 and last year’s iPad Pro 12.9, respectively. They both boast sleek, slim designs, cutting-edge hardware to match, and revamped software with a focus on productivity. Release date, availability, and pricing The iPad Pro 10.5 and iPad 12.9 are available now from a variety of online retailers, including Amazon, Best Buy, and Apple’s website. Here is how they are priced:   64GB 256GB 512GB 10.5-inch iPad Pro $650 $750 $950 12.9-inch iPad Pro $800 $900 $1,100 Some carriers and retailers are throwing in a few bonuses. T-Mobile is offering every iPad Pro 10.5 and iPad Pro 12.9 model on a payment plan. Starting this week, new and existing T-Mobile One customers can pick up a tablet with an unlimited 4G LTE data plan for as little as $20 a month (with AutoPay).   64GB 256GB 512GB 10.5-inch iPad Pro $60 down and $30 a month for 24 months $160 down and $30 a month for 24 months $360 down and $30 a month for 24 months 12.9-inch iPad Pro $210 down and $30 a month for 24 months $310 down and $30 a month for 24 months $510 down and $30 a month for 24 months Best Buy is throwing in a gift card with every iPad Pro purchase. iPad Pro 10.5 inch orders get a $25 gift card and iPad Pro 12.9 inch pre-orders get a $50 gift card. We will update this section as carriers and retailers announce pricing. Specs Design is the highlight of the new iPad Pro 10.5 and 12.9. The tablets’ Retina displays, which have the same physical footprint as the iPad Pro models they’re replacing, feature narrower bezels and Apple’s True Tone technology, which automatically adjusts color temperature based on surrounding lighting conditions. They also boast wider color gamut, as well as  Pro Motion, a new innovation that uses a combination of software and hardware to improve the iPad Pro’s screen refresh rate from 60Hz to 120Hz. Under the hood of the new iPad Pro 10.5 and 12.9 is Apple’s six-core A10X processor and 12-core GPU, a significant step up from the iPad 9.7’s processor. Apple says it’s 30 percent faster than the A9X, 40 percent faster in graphics, and 500 times faster than the original iPad. Apple says it’s incredibly energy efficient, too — despite all those performance improvements, the new iPad Pro models last an impressive 10 hours on battery. The new iPad Pros are also notable for the the similarities they share with the outgoing iPad Pro 9.7 and 12.9. They have the same four-speaker technology introduced on last year’s iPad, which adjusts bass and higher frequencies according to the position in which they’re held. And their cameras are the same as the iPhone 7’s, including a 12-megapixel f/1.8 sensor with optical image stabilization on the rear, and a 7-megapixel HD camera on the front. Apple is also shipping new accessories alongside the new iPad Pros. USB-3 and USB-C adapters will work via a dongle, and there’s a new sleeve for the Apple Pencil. New software additions — courtesy of iOS 11, the upcoming version of Apple’s mobile operating system — include a full-size on-screen keyboard, called the Flick keyboard, that will support more than 30 languages at launch. A new predictive area in the iOS dock can switch between apps, and a new drag-and-drop feature lets you move images, text, and URLs between panes of split-screen apps by tapping and holding on them. Those aren’t the only improvements in tow. Infinity Photo, an editing tool, lets you mock up photos in real time. Notes has a built-in document scanner that the Apple Pencil can launch from the iPad Pro’s lock screen. And a new app — Files — provides access to the iPad’s on-device storage. You can search tags across third-party storage providers, and dive into nested folders, recent documents, and even iCloud content. Finally, Apple has revamped some of the Apple Pencil’s tools. You can mark up any document that prints using AirPrint, and create a PDF — or handwritten email via iOS’s Mail app — on the fly. Even better: Handwriting is searchable across apps. The new iPad Pro 9.7 and iPad 12.9 ship next week. Both come with double the base storage — 64GB of memory versus 32GB — and start at $650.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Watching Apple's New Shark Tank-Inspired TV Series Is Like Slowly Dying Bryan Menegus Jun 8, 2017, 1:15pm ⋅ Filed to:  apple apple music goop hatewatch honest company planet of the apps Share Last night, Apple premiered its first attempt at an original TV show, Planet of the Apps, a Shark Tank meets American Idol unscripted series where app developers appeal to a panel of celebrity judges for outside funding. The first episode is currently available for free on Apple Music. It is also very bad. Image: Apple Music In fact, so much can be said of the show's inanity that the most challenging aspect of watching it is arguably knowing which part to hate the most. There's the name, which is a clear play on Planet of the Apes, a franchise which has nothing to do with this series. There's the showrunners' decision to put candidates on an escalator while explaining their businesses. Because a literal representation of an "elevator pitch" is too on-the-nose, I guess, but having four judges swipe left or right on an app's viability isn't. There's the inclusion among those judges of will.i.am, best known for slapping his name on a legendary string of tech failures, and Gwyneth Paltrow, whose company, Goop, is intent on making the public sicker and stupider through the proliferation of unproven health advice. No one on the panel of the judges (which is rounded out by Jessica Alba and angel investor Gary Vaynerchuk) is primarily an app creator. There's the fact that Mr i.am's first full sentence on the show is a meandering rant on how hot his own sister is, as justification for turning down a badly-designed dating app. There's the show's cloying need to remind the audience, constantly, through cinematographic fourth wall breaks that this is a show and this is taking place on a set, to unknown effect. There's the director counting down! There's the camera crew! Do you get it? Me neither. There's the onscreen captions explaining tech jargon, like IP (intellectual property) and SDK (software developer kit). And there's how insufferable it gets once the show's rich people start combining those terms with business jargon ("we think of it as a B2B2c"). Ten people watching this show are conversant in all these terms. Three of them give a damn. More than anything, Planet of the Apps lacks the emotional core that made shows like American Idol successful. That a reality show about app development was even considered says a lot about changing economic realities: The monolithic music industry is long dead and Silicon Valley has remained dominant for long enough to become an unscripted reality show. But culture moves slower than money, and being a good singer is still far cooler and more compelling than say, the act of coding, or pitching a room full of VCs. Surrounding the show is a feeling of economic suffocation. Of the two companies greenlit in the episode, the first, Companion, is two months from being broke and has to overhaul their business model because their concept got snagged by Google, a company Vaynerchuk repeatedly tells the founders they should not and cannot compete with. Companion initially asks for $US3 million ($4 million) in funding. A cabal of unnamed (seriously, there are no lower thirds or introductions) VCs grants them $US1 million ($1.3 million). They're over the moon. The CEO of the second company — Pair — mentions how he draws his income from his company and sometimes he and his kids have to eat rice and beans. The cabal decides not to invest in his idea. In the end, Planet of the Apps is a soul-crushing reminder of a tech sphere bloated with rich people who seek only to extract value and labour from rubes, swathed in the incompatible trappings of a TV genre that felt novel close to 20 years ago. And a big, dumb escalator. WATCH MORE: Entertainment News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing Uber has been accused of exploiting a VAT loophole to avoid paying £40 million in tax every year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Apple’s 2017 Design Awards winners showcase… Apple’s 2017 Design Awards winners showcase the best apps iOS offers By Adam Ismail — Updated June 7, 2017 2:34 pm Subscribe Share Apple Why have 1 room when you can have 2? Our favorite transforming homes These are the 10 greatest Porsches ever made Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Apple's award-winning apps can take you on an adventure, help you get things done, and make your photos look even more amazing. Apple honors the achievements of some of its most creative and talented developers every year at its Worldwide Developers Conference and 2017 was no different. The winners of this year’s Apple Design Awards comprise a variety of games that use the company’s hardware and rendering technologies in unique ways, as well as productivity apps with impeccable user experience design that also work across Apple’s other products. Among the 12 games and apps is Splitter Critters, a puzzle title originally built in just 72 hours with a revolutionary gameplay mechanic. After seeing favorable reception to the original version, developer RAC7 games went back to the drawing board to finish the project. In Splitter Critters, your goal is to help wandering aliens back to their space ship by slicing and dragging the level around until they are able to reach it. Apple Apple also honored Drinkbox Studios, the developers of Severed, an action-adventure game. The judges were impressed by the title’s intuitive touch controls for sword swinging, critically-acclaimed soundtrack, and the vibrant graphical presentation optimized for iOS through Apple’s Metal API. If you have had enough fun killing time and you are ready to get to work, Apple suggests you check out Things 3, the latest release of the long-running task management app. Things 3 integrates with iOS and iCloud services like Calendars and Reminders, and supports a wide range of gestures to accelerate certain actions. The app also integrates with Apple Watch for unique watch face complications and comes alongside a MacOS version that even supports the Touch Bar in the new MacBook Pro. Apple For the photographers out there, Lightricks’ Enlight was made to harness the full power of the CPU and GPU in Apple’s devices to deliver one of the iOS’s most powerful photo editing tools. Enlight takes advantage of the wide color gamut of the iPhone 7’s display and features an extensive roster of customizable filters and special effects, allowing you to create even more amazing things with the device’s capable camera. There were many more apps recognized at this year’s WWDC, including virtual coloring book Lake, currency converter Elk, and cooking app Kitchen Stories. For the full results, check out Apple’s Design Awards site.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9     Related Articles Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency (04 Apr 17) Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between (03 Nov 16)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 06 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (11) Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro by Adam C. Engst At WWDC 2017 today, Apple devoted a non-trivial segment of the keynote to new Mac hardware, showing off improved iMacs and performance-enhanced MacBook Pros and mentioning a speed bump to the MacBook Air in passing. After running through all the changes to today’s models, Apple gave a sneak preview of the iMac Pro, a workstation-class version of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display that’s scheduled to ship at the end of the year. No mention was made of the Mac mini or Mac Pro, though Apple has already said that the Mac Pro is in the middle of a major redesign that won’t be done until 2018 at the earliest (see “Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency,” 4 April 2017). iMac -- The workhorse of Apple’s desktop line has long been the iMac, which Apple continues to offer in three basic models: a 21.5-inch non-Retina version, a 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina display, and the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display. On the CPU front, each model receives a speed bump thanks to Apple using Intel’s 7th generation “Kaby Lake” processors and increasing clock speeds. You can see the specifics on Apple’s Tech Specs page, but the summary is that Apple is focusing more effort on the 21.5 Retina iMac, offering just a single configuration of the non-Retina model. Benchmarks will show how much faster the combination of new CPUs and higher clock speeds will be, but I suspect purchases will mostly be based on price. Although the iMac Retina displays are already gorgeous, Apple claims to have improved them even more in both the 21.5-inch and 27-inch sizes, increasing brightness 43 percent to 500 nits and supporting display of up to 1 billion colors. The non-Retina iMac model drives its screen with the integrated Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, but all the Retina models now take advantage of Radeon Pro GPUs, the 555 and 560 for the 21.5-inch models and the 570, 575, and 580 models for the 27-inch models. The notable win here is for the 21.5-inch Retina models, which were previously limited to integrated Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200. Apple has made the Fusion Drive standard in more configurations, and the company claims that the SSDs available in 256 GB, 512 GB, and 1 TB capacities are up to 50 percent faster. You can also configure the top-of-the-line 27-inch iMac with a 2 TB SSD for a whopping $1400. When it comes to RAM, all base models still ship with 8 GB. The non-Retina iMac and low-end 21.5 Retina model remain limited to 16 GB, but the high-end 21.5-inch Retina model can now take 16 GB or 32 GB, a welcome improvement. Similarly, the low-end 27-inch model still maxes out at 32 GB, but the two higher-end models can take 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB. RAM in the 21.5-inch iMac models cannot be upgraded by the user, but you can install memory in the 27-inch model yourself. Unsurprisingly, Apple replaced the previous models’ Thunderbolt 2 ports with a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports that support DisplayPort for external screens, Thunderbolt at up to 40 Gbps, USB 3.1 Gen 2 at up to 10 Gbps, and various other protocols via adapters (see “Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between,” 3 November 2016). All these changes are welcome for anyone in the market for a new iMac. I doubt they’re significant enough to warrant trading in an existing Retina iMac, unless Thunderbolt 3 is a necessity. The most interesting changes are actually in the 21.5-inch models, which move past the RAM and graphics limitations of the previous configuration while introducing a cheaper config. The 21.5-inch non-Retina iMac remains priced at $1099, with the two Retina configurations starting at $1299 and $1499. The 27-inch model comes in three configurations: $1799, $1999, and $2299. They’re all available now. Perhaps I’m just boggled by the number of changes Apple announced in the WWDC keynote, but I couldn’t see how to give more context for the changes in relation to previous configurations because the matrix of what models get which build-to-order options was just too complicated. If you want to price out different possibilities, I recommend opening several browser windows so you can compare the configurations side by side. MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air -- As with the iMac, Apple updated the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors running at higher clock speeds. That should improve performance, although likely not by that much. The MacBook Pro models also get improved graphics processing, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro models using Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 and 650, and the 15-inch models switching to Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs on top of Intel HD Graphics 630 and 640. You can now buy a MacBook with 16 GB of RAM, up from the previous limit of 8 GB, and Apple claims that the MacBook’s onboard SSD is up to 50 percent faster. That might make the MacBook a more attractive option, given that lackluster performance was one of its main disadvantages. Despite rumors to the contrary, the MacBook Air lives, but it sees the least change, replacing its stock 1.6 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with a 1.8 GHz model. It remains upgradeable to an Intel Core i7 running at 2.2 GHz. Although these changes are all positive, they do nothing to simplify the difficulty of choosing between the three models. Each falls into the three-dimensional graph of price, performance, and size in a different spot. You’ll have to decide what’s most important to you — cost, speed, or portability — and figure out which of Apple’s notebooks best fits your needs. As with the new iMac models, these updated notebooks are all available now. iMac Pro -- During the private media meeting in which Apple executives confessed to the company’s sins with regard to the Mac Pro, mention was made of pro-related announcements about the iMac coming this year. Apple has now revealed more of what that means, pulling back the curtains on the iMac Pro. Due in December 2017, the iMac Pro retains the same form factor of the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display, but swaps the brushed aluminum look for a space gray finish that extends to the Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad, Magic Mouse 2, and an optional Magic Trackpad 2. The goal of the iMac Pro is to provide workstation-class performance within the iMac design. The hardest part of that is dealing with heat, because the iMac Pro will feature Intel Xeon processors in 8-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Also playing into the necessary thermal architecture redesign is Apple’s use of a new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, which reportedly features a next-generation compute core and up to 16 GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2). Apple says that the iMac Pro with Vega GPU delivers up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and high frame rate VR. For half-precision computation that’s reportedly ideal for machine learning, the iMac Pro can deliver up to 22 teraflops of performance. (No, we don’t really have a sense of what that means, either, but Apple PR did a good job of making it sound impressive.) The iMac Pro will come with 32 GB of RAM by default, but for a machine in this class, the fact that it’s configurable to 64 GB or 128 GB is more important. A 1 TB SSD is also standard, with 2 TB and 4 TB SSDs as options. Unsurprisingly, the iMac Pro sports four Thunderbolt 3 ports, which enables it to drive up to two 5K displays and two high-performance RAID arrays at the same time. Other connectivity options mimic what’s on the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display now, with the exception of Ethernet. Instead of gigabit Ethernet, the iMac Pro will include 10 Gb Ethernet, which could be a big deal when transferring huge amounts of data between machines. How much will all this cost? A lot, with the base iMac Pro configuration starting at $4999. Apple claimed that a comparable workstation would cost about $7000, without a 5K display. Even still, given the high price of large SSDs and RAM, we anticipate that a loaded iMac Pro will easily meet or exceed that $7000 mark. But that won’t stop the audience for the iMac Pro. If you need the maximum performance from a Mac, the iMac Pro will provide it. At least until a new Mac Pro makes its debut, and many of those who live and die by the teraflop won’t want to wait.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Paul Bragg, Adam Two, Con OLeary, and George Lindeberg for their generous support!   Comments about Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michael E. Cohen   2017-06-06 10:48 And if anyone out there thinks the iMac Pro means that a Mac Pro ISN'T also coming, Apple's press release on the iMac Pro puts that misconception to rest: "In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display." Reply Mackay Bell  2017-06-07 20:38 It seems that part of the reason they revealed that they were working on an expandable Mac Pro (and apologizing for the trash can version) is they wanted people to get excited about the iMac Pro, and not suck up all the air complaining about the lack of an expandable system. By getting that story out before the release, they could get a little more excitement going for the coming of the iMac Pro. Reply Alan Forkosh   2017-06-06 11:09 It's noteworthy that Apple didn't mention anything about the Touch Bar. As it stands now, Touch Bar is an orphan, present on only on the MacBook Pro line. It strikes me as something that can't really be considered a standard until there is a desktop version of it also--either a new keyboard or a standalone item to be paired with a keyboard. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 12:00 In fact, it turns out that Apple did release a new wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad. But not with a Touch Bar. Boo! http://techcrunch.com/2017/06/05/apple-has-a-new-wireless-magic-keyboard-with-a-full-numeric-keypad/amp/ Reply Paul Ellis  2017-06-06 13:53 The Touch Bar is a gimmick. It breaks all the rules of ergonomics and focus. It might possibly make some sense when positioned close the the screen, and therefore point of focus, on a laptop, but makes little sense for a desktop. If I were a developer, which thankfully I'm not, I wouldn't be wasting any time developing for it, and certainly not if I'd previously been stung by OpenDoc, QuickTime VR, etc. etc. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:57 I like what Apple is doing with the iMac and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to assuming they'll make things right with the new Mac Pro once it finally arrives. The MBP seems fine. I still don't see what TouchBar is supposed to accomplish - I also think it's mainly a gimmick with poor ergonomics. Apple didn't spend any time on it at this WWDC. Does anybody think it might disappear during the next overhaul? I don't really get why Apple is keeping the MBA around instead of just trying to make an inexpensive entry-level MB instead. Since there is no inexpensive entry-level MB, I assume that means the MB is targeting the middle/high-end of the compact/light market. So with that in mind, why in the world did they not replace that USB-C with TB3? If this were a budget Mac at $999 targeted at schools and students, fine. But since this is a midrange Mac we're talking about, why leave it stuck with USB-C? Nothing TB3 offers can't be done with USB-C, but TB3 is just more versatile and it is no doubt the new standard across Macs - well almost, sigh. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:59 (cont.) My only real gripe on the Mac side is the Mac mini. How can Apple just let it sit there to die? Either kill it off already (so people know they'll have to go Hackintosh) or update it. But just leaving it sit there without a clear plan makes we wonder what message Apple is trying to send. It reminds me of the Mac Pro situation before pressure from pros and tech journalists forced Apple to take a stand. I see a lot of potential for the Mac mini, from cheap servers to simple office computers, offering a low-price entry point to the Mac universe, schools, home media servers, etc. I'm afraid all of that is "too techy" and not sexy enough for the new Apple. I really hope I'm wrong. I'm holding onto my trusty Core i5 Mac mini, but with its 4 GB of RAM (could be upgraded) and 500 GB HDD (could also be upgraded, but is that worth it?) its days are numbered even as my home media server. Reply Bertrand Morin  2017-06-06 19:27 Is the memory (RAM) upgradable in the iMac 27in. by the user, as it wad older iMac… Reply James  2017-06-08 07:58 Did you read the product page for the 27" iMac? If not, go back and read it again. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-07 01:08 Is there any indication yet if the new iMac models (both 21.5" and 27") have user upgradable RAM? There is some wording on the Apple page that you can upgrade the 21.5" RAM after purchase through Apple or an authorized dealer, but it not 100% clear. And the page for the 27" is completely silent. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 09:59 The 21.5-inch models are NOT user-upgradeable, but the 27-inch model is. See http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201191 Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Jump to navigation Register / Sign in Subscribe Now! Six-Pack Abs Metashred Extreme Fitness Workouts Sex & Women Health Nutrition Guy Gourmet MH Fitness Council Newsletters Shop Recipes Weight Loss Style Men’s Health Box Podcasts Women’s Health Active Living Guide Video Guy Wisdom MVP Network Discussions Give a Gift Retailer Program Customer Service Manage Email Preferences Media Kit E-Prints, Reprints Lose Your Spare Tire Personal Trainer Copyright Notice Terms of Use Advertise Rodale Inc. Brands Amazon Affiliate Privacy Policy The Editorial Team Site Map Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Pinterest Men's Health, The Brand Men Live By Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. No reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy.   About Us. Enter the terms you wish to search for. Six-Pack Abs Fitness Sex Style Subscribe Subscribe Guy Wisdom iphone ​It’s About to Become Way Easier To Fix Your Broken iPhone Screen ​Drop it on your tile, off a balcony, out of a plane? No worries now. By Tyler Daswick June 7, 2017 getty images Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers Apple has a special iPhone screen-repair machine called the Horizon Machine especially designed to fix the cracked or damaged screens of mishandled iPhones. Previously, the Horizon Machine—yeah, we know, can the name be more pretentious?—was only available to Apple employees at one of the company’s 500 retail locations, but as Reuters reported, it will become available to third-party stores by the end of 2017. (Not only that, the company also recently announced four major changes to the Apple Watch to help you become fitter and healthier. Check them out here.) The Horizon Machine isn’t needed for some repairs—basic cracks and chips can already be fixed by non-Apple technicians and repairpersons—but it’s a must for handling more complex in-house Apple tech like the fingerprint sensor. Bottom line: If your iPhone breaks, and it will, it’s about to be way easier to fix it. Advertisement Advertisement Daily Dose Keep this field blank Enter your email address You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us While most iPhone screen repairs involve the typical screwdrivers and suction cups, the Horizon Machine is able to test the new screen’s fit and allow for more precise calibration, especially key on a device where it’s important to be able to click and touch exactly what you want. There isn’t word yet on how much Apple is going to charge repair shops for the Horizon Machine, but you’re likely to see it at big-box hardware stores like Best Buy before the year is out. The distribution of the machine might not result in lower prices, but it is likely to mean lower wait times and a greater level of convenience for consumers, helping you have a working phone back in your hand sooner. And thank goodness, because that text from Jenny was just dying to be answered. Hopefully, she doesn’t think you were ghosting her. Tags: iphonenewsappletech Privacy Policy  |  About Us Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from... {* loginWidget *} With a traditional account... {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} By logging in, you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} By clicking "Sign in", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} I have read and agree to the terms of use and privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} Almost Done! Please provide the information below before signing in. {* #requiredFieldsForm *} {* displayName *} {* backButton *} {* /requiredFieldsForm *} NEXT Ad Blocker Detected Advertising helps us deliver great content at no charge to you To access please enter your email or disable your ad blocker Keep this field blank You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us
skip to main content Buffalo's NPR News Station Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Local Arts/Culture Business Canadian Affairs Crime Environment Education Great Lakes Today Health Heritage Moments Investigative Post National/International Politics Science/Technology Sports WBFO News Desks WBFO Arts & Culture Desk WBFO Business Desk WBFO Education Reporting WBFO Health & Wellness Desk Schedule Programs Staff Corporate Sponsorship Search WBFO WBFO Classical 94.5 WNED JazzWorks Menu Home News Local Arts/Culture Business Canadian Affairs Crime Environment Education Great Lakes Today Health Heritage Moments Investigative Post National/International Politics Science/Technology Sports WBFO News Desks WBFO Arts & Culture Desk WBFO Business Desk WBFO Education Reporting WBFO Health & Wellness Desk Schedule Programs Staff Corporate Sponsorship Search Related Program:  Marketplace How Apple's technology affects the smartphone repair business By Ryan Kailath • 22 hours ago Related Program:  Marketplace TweetShareGoogle+Email Ryan Kailath Listen Listening... / How Apple's technology affects the smartphone repair business If you’ve ever owned an iPhone, there’s a good chance you’ve cracked the screen. And a 25 percent chance you did it in the first two years of owning your phone, to be exact. Smartphone screen repair is a $4 billion business, Reuters reported today, and the service brings Apple between $1 billion to $2 billion in revenue a year. That’s pocket change for the tech giant, but screen repair can be pretty expensive for the average consumer—Apple charges $129 or more for out-of-warranty screen repair on most phones. This has customers turning to the 30,000 third-party repair technicians serving that market. “We can fix just about anything,” said AJ Forsythe, the co-founder and CEO of iCracked. Forsythe started off by repairing friends' phones in his dorm room seven years ago, and now says he has a multimillion dollar company. The one thing iCracked can’t fix on the iPhone is the Touch ID, the proprietary technology that lets you unlock your iPhone with your fingerprint. Apple hasn’t shared the underlying technology with any third-party vendors, which means you still need Apple for that specific repair. But now, the company is rolling out 400 of its “Horizon machines” to select third-party repair centers by the end of the year. The Horizon machine is a box about the size of the microwave that performs the Touch ID fix. Gay Gordon-Byrne of the Repair Association, a trade group for technology repairers, says this doesn’t change a thing. “Apple is the gift that keeps giving,” Gordon-Byrne said sarcastically. “Every time they are backed into a corner about something they’ve done that’s outrageously monopolistic, they do something that’s even more monopolistic.” Gordon-Byrne argues that Apple should share the underlying technology behind the Touch ID, rather than rolling out a proprietary device to fix another proprietary device. This way anyone could do the repairs, with or without the Horizon machine. “They just expanded their dealer network,” Gordon-Byrne said. “It’s just the auto dealership model with more dealers. It didn’t change anything for consumers.” Apple declined to comment on the record for this story, but in past statements they’ve pushed back against opening up their technology on the grounds that it would open the device up to hackers. Related We've spent $6 billion on broken iPhones — why? How much would an all-American iPhone cost? Who benefits when you buy an iPhone? “I don’t think that’s necessarily a genuine argument,” said Forsythe. “Anyone can open up their device and hack on it, people have been hacking on hardware for years. It feels more like a scare tactic than actual reality.” Apple has also hired lobbyists to fight so-called “right to repair” legislation that would compel manufacturers to open up such proprietary technology to third-party vendors. New Jersey became the latest state to introduce such legislation on Friday. New York State Senator Phil Boyle has a “right to repair” bill in committee now. “This is a multi-billion dollar industry,” Boyle said. “And [manufacturers] like the business. If I was a manufacturer and I knew you had to come to me for repairs, I wouldn’t let you go.” Boyle also pushes back on the hacker argument. “This legislation does not allow release of trade secrets,” Boyle said. “Any hacker, they don’t need this legislation to hack in.” Mike Levin of Consumer Intelligence Research Partners says that keeping repairs in-house—or with authorized technicians—is a smart business move by Apple. Whether or not customers or repair people like it. “[Repair] is a nice little business for some of these folks and they’re gonna resent it,” Levin said. “But this is very smart of Apple to try to control the repair chain.” The people who are buying iPhones are largely people who already own iPhones, he said. And customers are keeping their phones longer. The average age of a phone has grown by about 25 percent since the iPhone first launched, according to Levin. “Apple needs to take care of those customers,” Levin said. “So not having them go to some sort of outside party helps them maintain quality, and maintain control over the customer relationship.” But, “if you can’t get to an Apple Store, this might not be so good for you," he said. TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WBFO Contact Us EEO Public File The Public and Broadcasting Diversity & Inclusion Initiative Corporate Sponsor
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: Cheap TVs, 40% Off Phones, Dick Smith EOFY Sale How Much Money You Need To Make To Move To Your Dream US City Apple Just Added One More Way To Repay Your Friends 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY Home Make A Super Bomb Onion Dip Without A Mix Add Used Tea Bags To The Bottom Of Pots To Feed Plants How To Follow Donald Trump's Tweets Without Following Donald Trump Lumo Energy Fined By ACCC For Misleading Customers, Again Entertainment E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones How Apple's New Siri Speaker Compares To Sonos And Echo Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Travel Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Stop Saying 'Rate Of Speed' Travel Hacker: How To Plan The Perfect Travel Itinerary This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Health Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule We Can Be Easily Tricked Into Liking Bad Wine 16 (Effortless) Ways To Be A Better Person Design Learn Game Animation With These Pixel Art GIFs Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists Work Productivity I'm Katia Beauchamp, Birchbox Co-Founder And CEO, And This Is How I Work  Getting Things Done, Ten Years In How To Self-Publish A Book Change Your Screen To Greyscale To Combat Phone Addiction Communicate Six 'Secret' iPhone Codes That Unlock Extra Features Your NBN Connection Might Be Getting A Speed Boost 9 Books Everyone Should Read Before They Turn 30 Apple's New MacBooks And iMacs: Australian Pricing And Release Dates Organise Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions How To Save Storage Space On iOS 11 Briefly: EB Games Sales, Australian Survivor 2, Creepy Wonder Woman Briefly: Lifeguard Video Test, Target's Game Sale, Bitcoin Price Surge Career How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader We're Hiring A Publisher At Allure Media Ask LH: How Can I Learn To Work With A New Boss? What It Takes To Be A Kickarse Car Designer At Just 23 Business Travel Engineers Are Not Mechanics US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Security When It Comes To Ransomware, It's Sometimes Best To Pay Up Protect Your Data By Using Single Sign-On Whenever Possible  Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? Small Business & Startups How To Take Advantage Of The $20,000 Small Business Tax Break Five Life Lessons You Can Learn From Successful Corporations Free Report Download: Best Practices For Salespeople In The Social Era Elevator Pitch: DisruptSports IT Pro Cloud Dropbox Announces Local PoP For Performance Boost OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud IT Career Apply For A Job In 8 Seconds When Is It Worth Keeping A Job You Hate? Working With A Mentor Is A Process, Not Just An Accomplishment How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions IT Security Kaspersky Expands Legal Battle With Microsoft Over Anticompetitive Behaviour How Modern Printer Technology Outed An NSA Leaker Britney Spears Instagram Used In Cyber Attack The ACDC Act: Should You Be Allowed To Hack The Hackers? Developer Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off GitHub Enterprise 2.10 Adds New Dev and Project Management Tools Was There Anything For Developers At WWDC? .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster Deployment 5 Things You Need To Do To Prepare For A Media Interview Apple Expanding Screen Repair Program With More Horizon Machines Catch Group Readies For the Amazon Onslaught IBM Deliver Massive Power In Tiny Package Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Lovehacker: My Boyfriend's Hair Fetish Is Tearing Me Apart How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY How To Save Storage Space On iOS 11 Patrick Lucas Austin Jun 8, 2017, 1:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  apple icloud ios ios 11 storage wwdc 2017 Share At WWDC 2017 Apple announced iOS 11, and with it a slew of space-saving features for smaller devices. Good on Apple for making 32GB the smallest storage in its iOS lineup, but it still isn't enough. A ton of people already spend time trying to reduce the size of their photos, apps, and other bits of data in order to save space and not meet the dreaded "Cannot take photo" alert when it's clutch time. Image credit: Justin Sullivan/Getty You don't have to suffer the scourge of running out of storage if you play your cards right. If you get some offsite storage, clear some older apps, and listen to your phone when it tells you to drop some texts, and you'll (probably) never have to worry about running out of space again. Get some iCloud storage Apple cut the monthly price of its 2TB iCloud storage plan to $14.99, down from $29.99. It's a great move since more apps are opting to use iCloud syncing to store documents and data. It still features the dirt cheap $1.49 per month subscription for 50GB of cloud storage, a plan I just signed up for considering I just ran out of storage thanks to my iOS backups. The drop in price is a great incentive to sign up for more storage, even though iCloud isn't the most loved cloud storage platform. Compared to Google Drive's $US9.99 ($13) per month plan for 1TB of storage, it's actually a pretty good deal if you're deep in Apple's ecosystem. Also added to iCloud is family storage sharing, so feel free to share that 2TB plan with up to six "family members". Since one of its suggestions for freeing up storage on your phone is to send your photos to the iCloud Photo Library, purchasing the base storage plan might be the way to go instead of shelling out another $150 to double the storage on your iPhone. Back up (or just delete) your messages Surprisingly, your blue bubbles and funny pictures you send to your friends take up more space than you realise — enough so that iOS 11 includes storage management for iMessages. Apple is pushing for messages and attachments to be saved and stored on iCloud rather than on the device, and has new options for reviewing large photos, videos and attachments that are prime candidates for deletion. iOS 11 will suggest you auto-delete conversations over a year old if you just don't want them. Coupled with its new file formats for videos and photos that promise to make them smaller while preserving quality, culling your messages for space should be less of a hassle. Granted, it's a feature that should have been introduced when Apple still made 16GB iOS devices, but it's nice to have. Say goodbye to old apps You know you have a bunch of apps on your phone that haven't been touched in a while. Lucky for you, your good friend Apple is here to help you get rid of those dusty squares on your device by barring them from iOS 11 until they get their act together. The move might not save you a ton of storage, but it sounds like a death blow for games that are large and unsupported, even if you're a daily user. In short, 32-bit apps will not work on iOS 11. The decision isn't new; Apple announced the change from 32 to 64-bit apps in December 2014. Apps that haven't updated to the more modern 64-bit architecture currently display a popup saying the older architecture may cause your iOS device to run poorly, but in iOS 11 they simply will not run. Instead you'll be greeted with a passive-aggressive message telling you how lazy the developer is for not updating their app. You can see which apps haven't updated to iOS 11 and purge them yourself, of course. In Settings, go to General > About > Applications and you'll see a list of outdated apps. Apple's also copying a feature found on certain Android phones in order to save space taken up by larger apps. The "Offload Unused App" feature lets you delete whatever app you aren't using but keep the documents and other personal data associated with it on your device. When it's time to download it again, just tap the greyed out app and watch it download. You can enable the Offload feature in Settings > General > iPhone Storage and see which apps it suggests you eliminate until further notice. WATCH MORE: Tech News & Life Hacks Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones Mark Serrels 08 Jun 2017 9:00 AM One year ago my brother in-law and I made a decision. We wanted to do the right thing. We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones season 5. Analyse that sentence for a second. I’ll add some italics for emphasis. “We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones.” Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Chris Jager 07 Jun 2017 11:30 AM Foxtel has announced a revamped high-definition video streaming service dubbed Foxtel Now - and it's priced competitively with Stan and Netflix. With subscriptions starting at just $10 per month, it's a far cry from the company's prohibitively expensive Pay TV offerings. (In fact, it's actually cheaper than Netflix's HD tiers which start at $11.99.) But what do you actually get for your ten dollarydoos? Does Foxtel Now include Game Of Thrones? Do you still need to add a bunch of additional packs to make it worthwhile? We take a look at the prices, inclusions and your frequently asked questions. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones 2 Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 3 E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Here's the farewell letter James Comey sent his former FBI colleagues after Trump fired him The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,534 Reviews & Articles | 55,578 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Business, Financial & Legal Vintage Apple sneakers auction starts at $15,000 I don't even... vintage Apple sneakers auctioned off for a huge $15,000+ By: Anthony Garreffa | Business, Financial & Legal News | Posted: 11 hours, 32 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA For the hardcore Apple fans out there, you might be surprised to see that Heritage Auctions is planning to list a pair of prototype Apple sneakers that never made it to market, with the listing to hit eBay on June 11 starting at $15,000.     The sneakers feature the old school rainbow Apple logo, and were only handed out to employees at the time. The near-mint condition sneakers make them a near one-of-a-kind, which explains their $15,000 starting price. For those who collect Apple hardware, software, and well - clothes and shoes, this could be quite the steal. NEWS SOURCES:Fineart.ha.com >> NEXT STORY: Galaxy Note 8 reportedly launching in late August << PREVIOUS STORY: Microsoft trademarks 'Direct Reality' ahead of E3 2017 Related Tags Apple vintage Apple sneakers vintage Apple sneakers auction Apple shoes eBay Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Galaxy Note 8 reportedly launching in late August Vintage Apple sneakers auction starts at $15,000 Microsoft trademarks 'Direct Reality' ahead of E3 2017 Core i7-7740K overclocked to 7.5GHz with liquid helium DICE's Frostbite doesn't play well with RPGsView More News Posts Forum Activity DK-04 Watercooling Asrock Z97 pro4 motherboard - Bios update? BETA? AZIO Armato Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Review GIGABYTE's Computex 2017 Suite Tour and New Products FSP CMT210 Mid-Tower Chassis ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Full E3 Coliseum lineup announced G.SKILL memory breaks DDR4 5.5GHz world record barrier LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i AwardView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Our Properties: Gamasutra GameCareerGuide IndieGames GDC Vault GDC IGF SEARCH GO GAME JOBS updates Blogs contractors newsletter store SEARCH GO ALL CONSOLE/PC SMARTPHONE/TABLET INDEPENDENT VR/AR SOCIAL/ONLINE         PROGRAMMING ART AUDIO DESIGN PRODUCTION BIZ/MARKETING Latest Jobs View All     RSS June 8, 2017 Intrepid Studios Inc Associate Programmer Intrepid Studios Inc Animator Naughty Dog Game Designer (Multiplayer) Naughty Dog Game Designer (SP Systems) Intrepid Studios Inc 3D Character Artist Vicarious Visions / Activision Level Designer (World)-Destiny Latest Blogs View All     Post     RSS June 8, 2017 Serious Games vs. Gamification [1] How Prey succeeds in giving players space to tell their own stories [1] Little Machines Working Together (part 2) Apple and Facebook to drive mobile AR over 1B users and $60B by 2021 Variation for the video game composer: the music of Little Lords of Twilight Press Releases June 8, 2017 Games Press TIME OF VIRTUAL REALITY’S CO-OP ACTION TOWER... THRUSTMASTER® to take part in E3 2017 with... Experience the Grim and Emotional Indie Puzzle... Middle-earth™: Shadow of War™ NEW... ArcheAge Welcomes New and Returning Players to... View All     RSS About Editor-In-Chief: Kris Graft Senior Contributing Editor: Brandon Sheffield News Editors: Alex Wawro Advertising/Recruitment/Education: Courtney Blair Contact Gamasutra Report a Problem Submit News Comment Guidelines Blogging Guidelines How We Work Gama Network If you enjoy reading this site, you might also want to check out these UBM Tech sites: Game Career Guide Indie Games Severed and Old Man's Journey among 2017 Apple Design Award recipients June 7, 2017 | By Alissa McAloon June 7, 2017 | By Alissa McAloon     Post A Comment More: Smartphone/Tablet, Indie, Design Apple has revealed the 12 iOS apps that have been recognized for their design and innovation through this year’s Apple Design Awards. As with last year, five games are counted among this year’s recipients, ranging from puzzle games to colorful action adventures. The winning games and their developers are as follows: Blackbox (Ryan McLeod) Splitter Critters (RAC7 Games) Mushroom 11 (Untame) Old Man’s Journey (Broken Rules) Severed (Drinkbox Studios) Those five now join games like Threes, Monument Valley, and Ridiculous Fishing as recipients of the yearly award. More information on each of this year’s winners, as well as a look at the technology and development tools that powered each winning entry, can be found over on Apple’s developer portal.  Related Jobs Intrepid Studios Inc — San Diego, California, United States [06.07.17] Associate Programmer Intrepid Studios Inc — San Diego, California, United States [06.07.17] Animator Naughty Dog — Santa Monica, California, United States [06.07.17] Game Designer (Multiplayer) Naughty Dog — Santa Monica, California, United States [06.07.17] Game Designer (SP Systems) [View All Jobs] Top Stories StarCraft Remastered dev analyzes the enduring appeal of StarCraft Layering challenges in Klei's survival sim Oxygen Not Included 'Top grossing' category noticeably absent from Apple's App Store redesign Blog: Using 'engines of play' to understand player motivation [Next News Story]    [View All] 299586 newswire /view/news/299586/Severed_and_Old_Mans_Journey_among_2017_Apple_Design_Award_recipients.php Loading Comments TECHNOLOGY GROUP Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Legal Entities Copyright © 2017 UBM, All rights reserved
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Adam Clark Estes Jun 8, 2017, 12:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  apple wwdc 2017 Share As is tradition, Apple opened up this year's WWDC with a broad proclamation: Let's kill some competitors. We go through this every damn year. The idea is simple. Apple makes some updates to its various software platforms as well as its hardware offerings, and by the sheer strength of being the world's richest tech company, it crushes several smaller companies who do the same thing. The strategy fits right into the "great artists steal" ethos espoused by Apple co-founder Steve Jobs. It also means that the Cupertino powerhouse can offer new services to its customers without the annoying effort of having to come up with the ideas first. WWDC 2017 is no different. Here's a quick roundup of everything Apple's trying to kill this year. Every other browser After Google Chrome came along and stole web browser dominance from Microsoft and others, Apple is in an endless game of catch-up to keep internet users in its ecosystem. The updates coming in the latest version of macOS might actually score Apple some points, though. Not only will Safari start hiding annoying ads that follow you around the web through its new Intelligent Tracking Prevention feature, the browser will also find and silence annoying autoplay videos on websites. Venmo and Square Cash In a classic why-didn't-they-do-this-sooner move, Apple finally added peer-to-peer payments to Apple Pay. Soon, in iOS 11, you'll be able to tell a friend they owe you money via text, and iMessage will give them the option to pay with Apple Pay Cash. It works just like Apple Pay, but instead of paying a store, you can pay your friends. Venmo, Square Cash, and basically every other peer-to-peer payments service should be very scared. Microsoft Surface Pro The iPad has been boring for years, but Apple clearly wants to change that (read: Sell more iPads) in the months to come. A new 10.5-inch iPad Pro coupled with a new set of iPad-specific multitasking features in iOS 11 will make your iPad seem less like a tablet and more like a full-featured portable computer. In theory anyway. You know who else has been trying to sell a device like this for, you know, years? Microsoft. As the new iPad shifts towards an experience that feels more like a MacBook, the novelty of an ultra versatile Surface Pro might be lost. Google Tango For years and years, Google has tried to do something remarkable in the augmented reality space with Project Tango, and it looks like Apple is about to leapfrog it. ARKit is a new SDK in iOS 11 that lets developers easily build augmented reality features into their apps. The results shown off by an Apple partner looked like an incredible blending of the real world and an animated video game fantasy. The best part is the new software works with Apple's existing hardware. It's so simple that it makes Project Tango seem like a joke. Amazon Echo and Google Home Apple's smart speaker is almost here, and it looks awesome. The lamely named HomePod works just like an Amazon Echo or a Google Home, except it does everything with the help of Siri and some jacked up hardware, including an A8 processor, six microphones and HomeKit compatibility. Based on the preview offered at the WWDC keynote, HomePod will become Apple's new AI-powered, voice-controlled home hub, and even if the device doesn't offer as many features as its competitors, Apple fans will probably want it. Sonos Apple's HomePod actually goes after two categories with one product. While Amazon and Google emphasised home automation with their smart speakers, Apple is doubling down on audio with HomePod. Seven tweeters, six microphones, virtual surround sound, and a whole bunch of other buzz phrases promise that HomePod will sound as terrific as any wireless audio system, namely Sonos, the market leader. Since the gadget won't start shipping until December, we don't yet know how great it sounds. But again, Apple fans will surely make this a holiday essential, regardless of how well it works. After all, it's Apple. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments bonehead @bonehead Jun 8, 2017, 12:43pm What about snapchat? Apple's screen record functionality should put a dent in their number 1 feature... Reply 0 M0F0 @m0f0 Jun 8, 2017, 1:07pm How are apps built with ARKit any different to existing AR apps? They're just making the code native to Swift. You're still limited by a single small camera and gyroscope, so new apps are going to be just as janky as Pokemon Go is. All the demo's so far have been in controlled environments (I.e. The user is stationary). Typical Apple marketing hype. Tango runs multiple cameras and sensors to let you move around a live mapped area. The first gen model was your average Google beta product, but the new generation standalone Daydream headsets with inside-out tracking are going to dominate the VR/AR market once they finally arrive because they're relatively cheap and aren't tied to a limited market. Reply 1 JKR Guest Jun 8, 2017, 1:22pm Don't know if they'll be doing too much sonos killing if you can only use apple music. Reply 2 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing Uber has been accused of exploiting a VAT loophole to avoid paying £40 million in tax every year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Login All Reviews Editorials News DirecTV Now Dropping Support for Safari, Going Chrome Only Starting July 1st The New 2017 iMac: Notes & Tidbits on RAM Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Tips macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 Podcasts Gruber's Talk Show Live, iMac Pro, and HomePod - ACM 414 Apple Pay Cash, Planet of the Apps - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-07 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Protecting against Mac Data Corruption America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable View All Editorials → Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 1 minute read Jun 7th, 2017 7:14 PM EDT | Editorial In Amazon’s perfect world, Alexa would be able to talk to Siri, and that this would be good for customers. It would certainly be good for Amazon, as it would allow the company to continue to take the quick and dirty road of relying on teaching Alexa owners “skills” that Alexa understands. “You should be able to tell Alexa, ‘Ask Siri X,’” David Limp, senior vice president of devices at Amazon, told journalists in New York, according to USA Today. “If Apple or Google want to come calling, my phone number is out there, they can call…I don’t know if I can envision it but I hope that will happen on behalf of customers.” The comments come in the wake of Apple’s announcement of HomePod. While Apple is emphasizing HomePod as the company’s attempt to “reinvent home music,” the device is also packed with a smartphone-class Apple A8 processor. Apple quietly called it a “home assistant” that can control HomeKit devices and serve as a conduit for Siri. That makes it a competitor with Amazon’s Alexa, and not just Sonos. Amazon’s David Limp thinks Apple’s “premium” pricing of HomePod at $349 makes it “a little different philosophically” from Alexa. Which is true. He noted that if you’re buying Amazon Echo Dots in three packs, you could put eight of them in your home for the same price you’ll shell out for one HomePod. The lack of an inexpensive satellite device like Dot makes it harder for Apple to compete with Amazon for control of your whole smartphone. And in that light, he may well have a good argument that it would be better for customers if Alexa could talk to Siri. There’s more in the full story at USA Today about Amazon’s Alexa efforts. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Alexa, Amazon, Apple, HomePod, SIri, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too Here are the iPhones and iPads that Won't Run iOS 11 Now That Apple’s Announced the iMac Pro, What Does This Mean for Mac Pro Design? - Page 2 of 3 Apple's WWDC Keynote Was One We Never Dreamed Could Happen One Comment Add a comment Lee Dronick June 7, 2017 “You should be able to tell Alexa, “Ask Siri X,’” David Limp, senior vice president of devices at Amazon, told journalists in New York, according to USA Today. “If Apple or Google want to come calling, my phone number is out there, they can call…I don’t know if I can envision it but I hope that will happen on behalf of customers.” That sounds like he is very concerned about losing market share. June 7, 2017 at 10:27 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod Bryan Chaffin | June 7, 2017 iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Andrew Orr | June 7, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.26 -0.11 (-0.07%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » DirecTV Now Dropping Support for Safari, Going Chrome Only Starting July 1st The New 2017 iMac: Notes & Tidbits on RAM Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Apple Design Awards 2017 Winners Include Bear and AirMail Protecting against Mac Data Corruption Recent Tips See All » macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 iOS 11: Record Your iPhone Screen Without an App iOS 11 Developer Beta 1 Helps Manage Storage macOS Mail: Making a "Not Replied To" Smart Mailbox Recent Editorials See All » Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Protecting against Mac Data Corruption Now That Apple’s Announced the iMac Pro, What Does This Mean for Mac Pro Design? Apple's WWDC Keynote Was One We Never Dreamed Could Happen 18767 Bryan Chaffin columns-opinions 1 1496862864 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News DirecTV Now Dropping Support for Safari, Going Chrome Only Starting July 1st The New 2017 iMac: Notes & Tidbits on RAM Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Tips macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 Podcasts Gruber's Talk Show Live, iMac Pro, and HomePod - ACM 414 Apple Pay Cash, Planet of the Apps - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-07 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Protecting against Mac Data Corruption America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable View All Editorials → Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Kelly Guimont @verso 2 minute read Jun 7th, 2017 7:19 PM EDT | News Apple on Wednesday slipped in a significant advancement to HomeKit, one of the “Kit” technologies that didn’t get overt attention during Apple’s WWDC keynote. An update to HomeKit’s developer documentation added language that opens up the platform to unlicensed use for noncommercial purposes. More importantly, using HomeKit will no longer require use of a specific chip. This marks a significant shift in Apple’s approach to smarthome automation, allowing anyone to experiment, innovate, and develop their own home-grown solutions. Control your home with your own hardware From Apple’s HomeKit developer documentation: How will the accessory that I create using this specification be different from a commercial HomeKit accessory? An accessory that is created using this specification will not incorporate the Apple Authentication Coprocessor or obtain Wi-Fi Alliance certification, and will not complete HomeKit certification under the MFi Program. At a user level, differences will include the process for on-boarding an IP-based accessory to the network, and a warning dialog in iOS that the user must acknowledge before continuing. HomeKit Opens Up This means if I have a great idea for something I really want to build, or I find an idea from the Arduino project hub that sounds really fun, I can go do that! Or I can take a Raspberry Pi and a good idea and create some automation for a device that doesn’t have any yet. I don’t need the Apple Authentication Coprocessor (a chip required in commercial HomeKit devices) or MFi certification (generally described as a lengthy process). And once it’s fully functional, I can boss it around with Siri since I have access to HomeKit to make this happen in a more official way than before. This could be huge for automation geeks like me who sometimes can’t find (but can build) the thing they want, and want to control it with Siri. This is also a good situation for companies who want to whip up a prototype and see how it will actually work in a HomeKit environment. Even people who are not necessarily entrenched in the Apple ecosystem can now dabble a little (using Siri on an iPad, or an Apple TV) and see if it’s an avenue they want to pursue. Much like the announcement that Touch ID now has an API developers can access, unlocking HomeKit’s doors (using Siri, natch) is a great opportunity for developers to really show off the capability of a technology that has been limited up to this point. If you have an idea (or already built something like this), let’s see it in the comments! The Mac Observer Spin The Mac Observer Spin is how we show you what our authors think about a news story at quick glance. Read More → This is huge news. Offering non-commercial use of HomeKit makes it easy for anyone to create a device controlled via Siri. Lots of hobbyists are doing this already, so offering HomeKit as another control method is a great way to gain HomeKit developers. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Arduino, HomeKit, MFi, Raspberry Pi, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too Here are the iPhones and iPads that Won't Run iOS 11 Now That Apple’s Announced the iMac Pro, What Does This Mean for Mac Pro Design? - Page 2 of 3 Apple's WWDC Keynote Was One We Never Dreamed Could Happen Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod Bryan Chaffin | June 7, 2017 iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Andrew Orr | June 7, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.46 +0.09 (0.06%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » DirecTV Now Dropping Support for Safari, Going Chrome Only Starting July 1st The New 2017 iMac: Notes & Tidbits on RAM Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Apple Design Awards 2017 Winners Include Bear and AirMail Protecting against Mac Data Corruption Recent Tips See All » macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 iOS 11: Record Your iPhone Screen Without an App iOS 11 Developer Beta 1 Helps Manage Storage macOS Mail: Making a "Not Replied To" Smart Mailbox Recent Editorials See All » Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Protecting against Mac Data Corruption Now That Apple’s Announced the iMac Pro, What Does This Mean for Mac Pro Design? Apple's WWDC Keynote Was One We Never Dreamed Could Happen 18722 Kelly Guimont news 0 1496863183 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 8 June 2017 | MYT 10:30 AM Apple’s two futures: VR is for desktop, AR is for mobile by janko roettgers By relegating VR to the desktop, Apple is clearly signalling that AR is its first priority. — Reuters LOS ANGELES: Apple didn't just announce the HomePod as a major new product at this week's WWDC conference; the company also used the event to for the first time share its plans for virtual and augmented reality.  The way the company treats both technologies couldn't be more different, and also tells us a lot about Apple's future focus.  Apple CEO Tim Cook had frequently talked about VR and AR in the past, giving a thumbs-up to both without revealing if, when and how Apple would enter either market. Back in early 2016, Cook told analysts that VR is not a niche: "It's really cool and has some interesting applications." And earlier this year, Cook said during an interview that AR could one day be as big as the iPhone.  All the while, Apple has been quietly hiring and acquiring AR and VR talent, with reports indicating that the company now has several hundred employees working on these technologies.  The first fruits of that labour were on full display at WWDC, where both VR and AR got dedicated on-stage demos during the opening keynote. Apple invited Industrial Light & Magic's John Knoll on stage to show off a Star Wars VR experience running on an Mac – a first for an industry that has thus far almost exclusively relied on PCs to create high-end VR games and experiences.  VR support is being added to Mac hardware with High Sierra, the latest version of Apple's desktop operating system that's available to developers now and coming to consumers later this year. The company's newest iMacs, which were also announced at WWDC, will be able to run VR natively, and developers will be able to buy dedicated hardware for Macbooks to add some external processing power necessary to run high-end VR.  Notable about Apple's first foray into VR is that it is very limited: Apple isn't building its own headset, and has instead struck a partnership with HTC to power the company's Vive hardware. It also partnered with existing software development platform vendors like Unity and Epic to bring their tools to macOS. Apple isn't even making the external hardware needed to turn Macbooks into VR power horses itself, and is instead reselling a third-party product.  Contrast that with Apple's foray into AR, which also got a dedicated demo during the WWDC keynote. Peter Jackson's Wingnut AR studio got to demonstrate an AR game that used an existing table top as the surface for an AR video game, complete with characters jumping off the sides of the table.  The company also showed off simple AR filters that make use of an iPhone's or iPad's camera to add virtual objects to the environment – something that's very similar to Facebook's use of filters and Snapchat's "world lenses."  In fact, Apple's approach to AR very much mimics the way Facebook approaches the space. Instead of building a dedicated AR device like Microsoft HoloLens, both companies use existing mobile devices for simple AR applications. The advantage is that this will allow both companies to launch and test AR technology much sooner.  Apple's AR software is capable of running on any iPhone or iPad that at least has an A9 processor on board. "Hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads are going to be be capable of AR," said Apple SVP of software engineering Craig Federighi Monday. And Apple is giving developers tools to AR-enable their apps on all of these devices.  Compared to that, VR has a much smaller footprint at Apple: During its most recent quarter, Apple sold close to 60 million iPhones and iPads, but only 4 million Macs.  To be clear, Apple may well have a VR headset in its labs, just as the company is likely exploring AR glasses as well. And like many in the industry, it is likely also looking into fusing both technologies for future mixed-reality products. But by relegating VR to the desktop, Apple is clearly signalling that AR is its first priority.  Apple doesn't want to give up on VR, especially as it is looking to sell high-end PCs like the iMac Pro to industry professionals. But for consumers, it is going to first and foremost focus on augmented reality, and betting on the iPhone and iPad as a means to get to the masses. — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Opulent Paris Opera House on the hunt for startups and ‘geeks’ Kids with TVs in bedrooms more likely to be overweight: study Digi offers a new fleet management solution Samsung to double mobile phone capacity at main Indian factory 5 superpowers that makes mum a hero 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read DPM: Extremist obsession will destroy Islam A fun way to foster friendship Double win for AirAsia at World Travel Awards advertisement Latest News Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Most Viewed in Tech Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Ikea to try selling through third party websites Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with borderless display could land by September Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Is Facebook CEO Zuckerberg making a run for the White House? Grab likely to seek funds, eyes financial services Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
LATEST SHOWS searchSearch Donate Subscribe Menu Menu Donate Subscribe close Search Marketplace search MARKETPLACE SHOWS Shows Marketplace Helmed by Kai Ryssdal, our flagship program examines what the day in money delivered, through stories, conversations, newsworthy numbers and more. Morning Report Host David Brancaccio explores the latest on markets, money, jobs and innovation, providing the context you need to make smarter decisions. Tech Host Ben Johnson tackles the business behind the technology that's obsessing us and changing our lives. Weekend Host Lizzie O'Leary gives you a relaxed yet informative look at where the economy collides with real life. It's everything from the paycheck to the personal. Currently Featured Series Currently Featured Series The Economic Anxiety Index What's your score? Take the quiz and compare to the rest of the country Robot-Proof Jobs We're looking at how machines are increasingly entering the workforce — and what we can do to adapt. Make Me Smart Because none of us is as smart as all of us. The Big Promise Our yearlong series on Erie County, Pennsylvania. TOPICS Topics Business Economy Sustainability World Tech Elections Health Care Education Life Wealth & Poverty Money Entertainment MUSIC AIR TIMES ABOUT US CAREERS CONTACT Play Pause DownloadDownload EmbedEmbed Embed Code Copy Close Latest Stories Latest Shows Popular Now Mentioned on Air Podcasts Sponsor Marketplace TodayBecome a Corporate Sponsor ▧ Latest Stories View More ▧ Popular Now View More FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Tech How Apple's technology affects the smartphone repair business By Ryan Kailath June 07, 2017 | 4:00 PM Listen to this story Download Embed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/06/07/tech/apple-confirms-secret-technology-iphone-repairs/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close  - Nick Amoscato/Flickr Listen To The Story Marketplace Downloaddownload Embedembed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/06/07/tech/apple-confirms-secret-technology-iphone-repairs/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close If you’ve ever owned an iPhone, there’s a good chance you’ve cracked the screen. And a 25 percent chance you did it in the first two years of owning your phone, to be exact. Smartphone screen repair is a $4 billion business, Reuters reported today, and the service brings Apple between $1 billion to $2 billion in revenue a year. That’s pocket change for the tech giant, but screen repair can be pretty expensive for the average consumer—Apple charges $129 or more for out-of-warranty screen repair on most phones. This has customers turning to the 30,000 third-party repair technicians serving that market. “We can fix just about anything,” said AJ Forsythe, the co-founder and CEO of iCracked. Forsythe started off by repairing friends' phones in his dorm room seven years ago, and now says he has a multimillion dollar company. The one thing iCracked can’t fix on the iPhone is the Touch ID, the proprietary technology that lets you unlock your iPhone with your fingerprint. Apple hasn’t shared the underlying technology with any third-party vendors, which means you still need Apple for that specific repair. But now, the company is rolling out 400 of its “Horizon machines” to select third-party repair centers by the end of the year. The Horizon machine is a box about the size of the microwave that performs the Touch ID fix. Gay Gordon-Byrne of the Repair Association, a trade group for technology repairers, says this doesn’t change a thing. “Apple is the gift that keeps giving,” Gordon-Byrne said sarcastically. “Every time they are backed into a corner about something they’ve done that’s outrageously monopolistic, they do something that’s even more monopolistic.” Gordon-Byrne argues that Apple should share the underlying technology behind the Touch ID, rather than rolling out a proprietary device to fix another proprietary device. This way anyone could do the repairs, with or without the Horizon machine. “They just expanded their dealer network,” Gordon-Byrne said. “It’s just the auto dealership model with more dealers. It didn’t change anything for consumers.” Apple declined to comment on the record for this story, but in past statements they’ve pushed back against opening up their technology on the grounds that it would open the device up to hackers. Related We've spent $6 billion on broken iPhones — why? How much would an all-American iPhone cost? Who benefits when you buy an iPhone? “I don’t think that’s necessarily a genuine argument,” said Forsythe. “Anyone can open up their device and hack on it, people have been hacking on hardware for years. It feels more like a scare tactic than actual reality.” Apple has also hired lobbyists to fight so-called “right to repair” legislation that would compel manufacturers to open up such proprietary technology to third-party vendors. New Jersey became the latest state to introduce such legislation on Friday. New York State Senator Phil Boyle has a “right to repair” bill in committee now. “This is a multi-billion dollar industry,” Boyle said. “And [manufacturers] like the business. If I was a manufacturer and I knew you had to come to me for repairs, I wouldn’t let you go.” Boyle also pushes back on the hacker argument. “This legislation does not allow release of trade secrets,” Boyle said. “Any hacker, they don’t need this legislation to hack in.” Mike Levin of Consumer Intelligence Research Partners says that keeping repairs in-house—or with authorized technicians—is a smart business move by Apple. Whether or not customers or repair people like it. “[Repair] is a nice little business for some of these folks and they’re gonna resent it,” Levin said. “But this is very smart of Apple to try to control the repair chain.” The people who are buying iPhones are largely people who already own iPhones, he said. And customers are keeping their phones longer. The average age of a phone has grown by about 25 percent since the iPhone first launched, according to Levin. “Apple needs to take care of those customers,” Levin said. “So not having them go to some sort of outside party helps them maintain quality, and maintain control over the customer relationship.” But, “if you can’t get to an Apple Store, this might not be so good for you," he said. Follow Ryan Kailath at @ryankailath.  Ryan Kailath Ryan Kailath is a general assignment reporter for Marketplace based in the New York bureau. Before joining Marketplace, Ryan was an environment reporter at WWNO in New Orleans, where he focused on Louisiana's land loss crisis, the changing oil and gas industry, and the growing business... Read More Twitter: ryankailath FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Show Comments Subscribe to the  Marketplacenewsletter. Follow the Podcast support us As the climate changes, city trees will need replacing with more resilient species Business World Life Tech Sustainability Education Wealth & Poverty Entertainment Money Access: Marketplace Apps Newsletters Podcasts Stations Contact Submissions Follow Us On: FACEBOOKfacebook TWITTERtwitter instagram ©  2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All Rights Reserved. About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Feedback
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Bixby speaker rumors spark even as voice remains absent in US JC Torres - Jun 7, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit As expected, Apple has just jumped on the smart speaker arena that Google, Amazon, and, soon, Microsoft already occupy. And as expected, this has started rumors that Apple’s biggest frenemy will also be joining the fray. Samsung is now believed to be aiming for a piece of that pie, with patents pointing to potential smart speaker powered by Bixby no less. There is probably no better time to jump on the smart home speaker train. The recent launch of the Amazon Show and Google’s promise of new features at the I/O conference last month revived interest in the young and niche product. With Apple and Microsoft joining the game, that market is about to get even more exciting, not to mention profitable. With its own fledging smart assistant, it only seems natural that Samsung would want in as well. Especially since it now owns audio experts Harman, who, somewhat ironically, is also making the Cortana-enabled Invoke speaker. However, it takes more than just having a speaker and a smart assistant to make a good smart home speaker, especially when the latter is barely even has full voice support. Bixby’s launch on the Galaxy S8 was nothing short of disappointing, as it arrived missing its most compelling feature: voice control. More than just asking it for information like how Apple’s Siri or Google’s Assistant function, Bixby Voice was supposed to be able to control every aspect of your smartphone just by using verbal commands. Even if you won’t need such a specialized feature in a smart speaker, you’ll definitely still need basic voice controls to make a Bixby speaker even a reality. As it stands, Bixby Voice is still missing in the US, with a late June launch now believed to be the earliest estimate. To be fair, Bixby Voice does already function in Korea. In fact, it recently got an update where Bixby now understands “shortened” instructions like “bank account balance” instead of having to spell it out like “Tell me my bank account balance.” That said, the market for a Bixby speaker in Korea might be significantly smaller than in the US, where such devices are more fashionable. VIA: Korea Herald Tags AndroidBixbyGalaxy S8Samsungsmart homeSpeaker Must Read Bits & Bytes E3 2017 Schedule: Press conferences for Nintendo, Microsoft, and more Apple let me down: 3 things I wanted to see at WWDC 2017 Apple’s HomePod sounds terrific – but the Siri Speaker has a big issue iPad Pro with iOS 11 isn’t enough to compete with the Surface Pro 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Latest Headlines 5 Things You Need To Know About The 2017 Honda Ridgeline Black Edition Jun 8, 2017 Android versus iOS 11: what Google needs to do Jun 8, 2017 ROLI’s $299 Seaboard Block is a modular squishy-keyed keyboard Jun 8, 2017 iOS 11 features Apple didn’t talk about at WWDC 2017 Jun 8, 2017 Super Nintendo World’s main attraction will be Mario Kart Jun 8, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Jun 6, 2017 Vizio SmartCast M65-D1 Review Jun 5, 2017 HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Site Information About / Advertise / Tip Us / Contact Policies Ethics Statement / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed
FOCUS TAIWAN CNA | Español | フォーカス台湾 | Mobile | Business | Publications | Service | Photos japanese español Latest Winning numbers for Thursday's Taiwan lotteries Government working to ensure adequate supply of electricity: MOEA Air quality to remain moderate to good throughout Taiwan Friday Three men detained for stealing ducks Chan and Hingis advance to women's doubles semifinals at French Open Politics President meets with visiting St. Kitts and Nevis delegation Food safety main consideration in trade pacts: presidential office President Tsai urges continued U.S. defense assistance to Taiwan Taiwan's defense advantages declining: Pentagon report Taiwan-Japan relations expected to continue to grow: official Cross-Strait Tainan mayor's 'pro-China' remarks draw quick responses Taipei June 4 vigil calls for release of detained Taiwan activist Taiwanese life saving event attracts 2,000 audience in Nanjing Hong Kong commemorates 28th anniversary of Tiananmen crackdown Chinese activist: CPC will defeat itself Economics Government working to ensure adequate supply of electricity: MOEA ANZ Bank quashes rumors of planned exit from Taiwan U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex (update) Taiwan shares end up as TSMC gains U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex Entertainment & Sports Chan and Hingis advance to women's doubles semifinals at French Open Taiwan wins 2017 East Asia basketball championship Taiwan advances to final of East Asian basketball championship Chan and Hingis advance to quarterfinals in French Open Taiwan wins mixed doubles silver at world table tennis Science & Technology Hon Hai reportedly not shortlisted for acquisition of Toshiba Memory Taiwan ranked 16th globally in Internet speed report EVA Air introduces upgraded passenger service robot Apple partners with HTC in VR Research entities of Taiwan, Thailand to strengthen cooperation Culture NTU ranks 76th In QS world university rankings Bamboo raft launched to explore 30,000-year-old historical sea route More night markets in Tainan to get bilingual menus American Jesuit priest dies days before Taiwan ID presentation Families 'balance eggs' to mark Dragon Boat Festival Society Winning numbers for Thursday's Taiwan lotteries Air quality to remain moderate to good throughout Taiwan Friday Three men detained for stealing ducks Second Japanese encephalitis case reported this year Indigenous people have legal right to hunt for food: ruling Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE What the Papers Say Feature Business Services International Communities Latest Winning numbers for Thursday's Taiwan lotteries Government working to ensure adequate supply of electricity: MOEA Air quality to remain moderate to good throughout Taiwan Friday Three men detained for stealing ducks Chan and Hingis advance to women's doubles semifinals at French Open Politics President meets with visiting St. Kitts and Nevis delegation Food safety main consideration in trade pacts: presidential office President Tsai urges continued U.S. defense assistance to Taiwan Taiwan's defense advantages declining: Pentagon report Taiwan-Japan relations expected to continue to grow: official Cross-Strait Tainan mayor's 'pro-China' remarks draw quick responses Taipei June 4 vigil calls for release of detained Taiwan activist Taiwanese life saving event attracts 2,000 audience in Nanjing Hong Kong commemorates 28th anniversary of Tiananmen crackdown Chinese activist: CPC will defeat itself Economics Government working to ensure adequate supply of electricity: MOEA ANZ Bank quashes rumors of planned exit from Taiwan U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex (update) Taiwan shares end up as TSMC gains U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex Entertainment & Sports Chan and Hingis advance to women's doubles semifinals at French Open Taiwan wins 2017 East Asia basketball championship Taiwan advances to final of East Asian basketball championship Chan and Hingis advance to quarterfinals in French Open Taiwan wins mixed doubles silver at world table tennis Science & Technology Hon Hai reportedly not shortlisted for acquisition of Toshiba Memory Taiwan ranked 16th globally in Internet speed report EVA Air introduces upgraded passenger service robot Apple partners with HTC in VR Research entities of Taiwan, Thailand to strengthen cooperation Culture NTU ranks 76th In QS world university rankings Bamboo raft launched to explore 30,000-year-old historical sea route More night markets in Tainan to get bilingual menus American Jesuit priest dies days before Taiwan ID presentation Families 'balance eggs' to mark Dragon Boat Festival Society Winning numbers for Thursday's Taiwan lotteries Air quality to remain moderate to good throughout Taiwan Friday Three men detained for stealing ducks Second Japanese encephalitis case reported this year Indigenous people have legal right to hunt for food: ruling Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE Talk of the Day Taiwan Editorial Abstracts Feature Business Services International Communities Winning numbers for Thursday's Taiwan lotteries Government working to ensure adequate supply of el... Air quality to remain moderate to good throughout ... Three men detained for stealing ducks Chan and Hingis advance to women's doubles semifin... Thursday's front pages Taoyuan Airport MRT Home > Economics Back to list Monthly credit card spending dips to 9-month low 2017/06/07 18:50:07 (CNA file photo) Taipei, June 7 (CNA) Credit card spending in Taiwan for April fell to a nine-month low, as many consumers paid their travel expenses a month earlier for trips taken in April, the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) said Wednesday. Statistics compiled by the FSC show that credit card spending in April stood at NT$183.4 billion (US$6.11 billion), down NT$36.9 billion from March. The April figure was the lowest level since July 2016, when spending also totaled NT$183.4 billion. The lower spending in April came even though Apple Pay -- a mobile payment and digital wallet service provided by Apple Inc. -- was launched in Taiwan March 29. In an initial phase, seven banks in Taiwan, including CTBC Bank (中信銀), Cathay United Bank (國泰世華), Taipei Fubon Commercial Bank (台北富邦) and E. Sun Commercial Bank (玉山銀), joined Apple to provide Apple Pay for holders of more than 1 million credit cards issued by the seven banks that signed up for the new service. The seven banks have launched their own promotion campaigns for Apple Pay services. However, the presence of the new payment option failed to lift credit card spending for the month. In addition to Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, a similar mobile payment service developed by Samsung Electronics Co., was made available in Taiwan on May 23, while Android Pay, provided by Google Inc., was launched locally on June 1. Chuang Shiu-yuan (莊琇媛), deputy director of the FSC's Banking Bureau, said that the market needs some time to check whether the three major international digital wallet services will encourage consumers to spend more on their credit cards. As of the end of April, a total of 40.72 million credit cards issued by 36 banks were circulating in Taiwan, up from 40.62 million at the end of March, the FSC said. The FSC said that the non-performing ratio of the 36 banks in terms of credit card spending stood at 0.27 percent as of the end of April, unchanged from a month earlier. (By Tsai Yi-chu and Frances Huang) ENDITEM/J Ratings： average rating 0 star(s) Focus Taiwan Fanpage Others 06/08 21:08 Government working to ensure adequate supply of electricity: MOEA 06/08 19:21 ANZ Bank quashes rumors of planned exit from Taiwan 06/08 18:12 U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex (update) 06/08 17:35 Taiwan shares end up as TSMC gains 06/08 16:20 U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex Most Viewed 06/05 18:01 Man on run for 24 years caught running a red light 06/05 18:59 Six extended public holidays for 2018 06/06 20:28 Application for extension of migrant worker contracts goes online 06/07 16:15 Gas explosion at food factory, 12 injured 06/06 20:20 Tainan mayor's 'pro-China' remarks draw quick responses Photos Video Detained human rights worker’s wife asks to see Trump Facebook Banner The Central News Agency | About Us | Contact Us
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AR/VR AR/VR Weekly: Apple enters the fray Jason Wilson@jason_wilson June 7, 2017 6:47 PM Above: Apple VR demo Image Credit: Dean Takahashi About time, Apple. Welcome to 2015. This week at its Worldwide Developers Conference keynote, Apple finally jumped into the augmented and virtual reality world. ARKit is Apple’s tool for making AR applications, and it was the first of several announcements that show that the iPhone company is ready to take the next step into a larger world. AR and VR could be a market that has more than 1 billion users and $60 billion in global revenues by 2021, tech adviser Digi-Capital estimates. And in a guest post for us, DC founder Tim Merel says that Apple “took the mobile AR war to the next level” with this announcement. And Merel’s not the only one bullish on Apple and AR. “With more than 130 million active iPhones in the U.S. alone and far less hardware/software fragmentation than Android, Apple’s move into AR stands to make it the largest player in the space virtually overnight. It will mint millions of new consumers for AR developers, all of whom have been shown the promise of the medium by Apple itself and are ready to see more,” says Randy Nelson of research firm Sensor Tower. “At the same time, the qualities that have made iOS the preferred platform for app developers will undoubtedly carry over to AR, so I believe Apple will make iOS the most attractive target platform possible for AR developers and content creators.” And on the VR side, Valve says it’s bringing SteamVR to Macs. You’ll be able to play VR games on an HTC Vive or an Oculus Rift — though you may need an external graphics chip solution that Apple also announced (because, let’s face it, Macs just can’t cut VR without a little help, and Apple loves selling you accessories). All of this has made game devs excited to see what comes from this new foray from the Mac maker. I’m not so excited about VR coming to the Mac. I want to see something better than a slap-dash cobbling together of a Mac and an external video chip. Why do that when I can buy a VR-ready PC for less than $1,000 — or just hook up a headset to my powerful gaming rig? Yeah, my Air can keep being an email and Hearthstone machine. But AR and iOS? That’s a dream team. For AR/VR coverage, send news tips to Dean Takahashi and Jeff Grubb (for those that cross over into PC gaming). Please send guest post submissions to Rowan Kaiser. Please be sure to visit our AR/VR Channel. —Jason Wilson, GamesBeat managing editor P.S. Does Dean let the Wookiee win during his hands-on demo with Star Wars Holochess on an iPad Pro? From GamesBeat Jesse Schell: Predictions for VR and AR in 2025 Jesse Schell, CEO of Schell Games and professor at the Entertainment Technology Center at Carnegie Mellon University, is one of the game industry’s finest speakers. We’ve interviewed him before, and we know he is passionate about virtual reality and augmented reality, and his company has published the groundbreaking VR game I Expect You To Die. […] SteamVR now supports more (and less expensive) base stations Valve made headlines today when Apple revealed the companies were working together to bring virtual reality and SteamVR to Mac computers, but the PC gaming company also quietly revealed some big changes to the way its VR system and devices like the HTC Vive work. SteamVR is getting an overhaul to how it tracks headsets […] Hands-on with Apple’s augmented reality demo of Star Wars Holochess Apple showed off its new augmented reality technology today at its Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California. The company’s new ARKit developer platform should enable AR developers to make apps that can run on hundreds of millions of existing iPads and iPhones. I got a few hands-on demos of the software running on a […] Game makers applaud Apple’s support for AR and VR Apple surprised the emerging industries of augmented reality and virtual reality with broad support for the technologies at its Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California. During the keynote, Apple showed off ARKit, which could transform hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads into AR devices. Both the AR and VR demos that Apple showed […] SteamVR and external GPUs are coming to Mac Virtual realty has so far required a Windows-based PC with power chips from Intel, AMD, and Nvidia. Mac users have had to make the switch if they wanted to access the metaverse through HTC Vive or Oculus Rift. But that’s changing now because Apple is expanding its VR efforts behind the iPhone and iOS. Mac […] Apple unveils ARKit, wants developers to turn iOS into ‘the largest AR platform in the world’ At its WWDC 2017 developer conference today, Apple announced the ARKit. As its name implies, this is a developer kit that allows developers to bring augmented reality as part of iOS 11. This is Apple’s first foray into augmented reality, and unsurprisingly the company wants to get developers onboard first. Apple promised “fast and stable […] Beyond GamesBeat Palmer Luckey’s New Startup Is A Military And Border Surveillance Company It was just over two months ago now that Oculus Rift creator Palmer Luckey parted ways with Facebook. This week, we’ve finally found out what he’s doing next. The New York Times cites three sources familiar with the matter in saying that that Luckey has once again started up a new company. Instead of VR, though, this startup is working on surveillance technology targeted for use at countries between borders and military crossings. The unrevealed company has not yet been given a public name. (via UploadVR) What Virtual Reality Means For Marketers When new technology is introduced, businesses are never quite sure how to react. In 2008, marketing agencies were inundated with app requests from clients claiming ‘we want to be on the App store.’ Wanting to be first but not quite sure what they wanted, or why. Other businesses wondered the same thing, and today many still do. If it doesn’t serve a business need, it’s not on the radar. (via UploadVR) The US Army Is Bringing ‘Tactical AR’ To The Battlefield When it comes to surviving a firefight information is everything. That’s exactly why the United States military invests so much time and resources into equipping soldiers with state-of-the-art technology designed to keep them informed and updated when deployed in dangerous scenarios. (via VR Scout) Apple’s WWDC, Distilled Shortly after Apple CEO Tim Cook walked on stage yesterday, he made a proclamation. “This is going to be the best and biggest WWDC ever!” It’s hard to know if it will actually be the best WWDC ever, but he’s probably right about it being the biggest. (via Motherboard) VentureBeat's PC Gaming channel is presented by the Intel® Game Dev program. Stay informed about the latest game dev tools and tips. Get the news you can use. VB Recommendations Powering Twitch and Medium, search startup Algolia raises $53 million Automat raises $8.3 million to make marketing bots How Volvo’s using self-steering trucks to help sugarcane farmers improve crop yield
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Energy   Apple CEO Tim Cook attends the China Development Forum in Beijing, China, March 18, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter    Apple’s Solar Business Stood To Benefit From Obama’s Paris Climate Deal Chris White 9:15 PM 06/07/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP The sizable tax credits Apple receives for its solar energy production might have been one of the reasons why CEO Tim Cook criticized the Trump administration so harshly for pulling out of the Paris agreement on climate change. Cook’s Silicon Valley company’s solar power investment would have benefited had President Donald Trump decided to keep the U.S. wedded to the 200-member climate agreement. Apple acquired tax credits last year after kick-starting Apple Energy, a subsidiary company that produces and sells solar power. The company won federal approval from the Federal Energy Regulation Commission (FERC) in 2016 to start selling excess energy from its various California and Nevada solar farms. Instead of buying solar electricity from another operator, FERC’s approval gave Apple the ability to sell the juice from its own clean power plants. Apple’s strategy bolstered Cook’s environmental credentials, gave them some independence from the broader U.S. electric grid, and allowed the company to take advantage of the investment tax credit (ITC), which helped reduce Apple’s tax burden. The credit gives breaks to owners of solar projects worth 30 percent of project costs. For massive companies like Apple, which has a market cap of half-a-trillion dollars, there are substantial financial benefits to owning clean energy projects rather than just signing long-term contracts with intermediaries. The iPhone maker can tap into a pair of federal incentives designed to encourage more investment in clean energy. Trump’s move might have changed all that. Cutting the Paris agreement causes solar and wind power to be deployed more slowly, according to John Sterman, a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management and senior advisor at ClimateInteractive, a project that crunches the numbers for those involved in the climate deal. Cutting the Paris cord, in other words, keeps costs associated with solar power higher longer and ultimately hurts companies like Apple that promulgate green energy. Apple did not respond to The Daily Caller News Foundation’s request for comment about whether Cook’s criticisms of Trump are related to the company’s access to steep solar tax credits. Cook joined fellow executive Elon Musk June 3 in lambasting the president for his move and told reporters the president’s decision “will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment.” Musk, who chairs both Tesla and SolarCity, was heavily invested in the Trump administration before bowing out of the president’s advisory panels. Musk told investors in January that Trump’s emphasis on job creation and infrastructure spending is a good sign for the green energy revolution. The electric vehicle maker employs about 25,000 people across the U.S. and hopes to add another 1,000 at its solar panel factory in Buffalo. Tesla, for its part, receives extensive government tax credits. The automaker recently acquired SolarCity, which was founded and directed by several members of Musk’s inner circle and is propped up primarily by billions in taxpayer dollars. The tech guru then became a huge Trump proponent. He endorsed Congress’ appointment of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who formerly served as CEO of Exxon. Musk staked much of his business pedigree both at Tesla and SolarCity on campaigning to end the fossil fuel industry. Apple, for its part, sought approval in 2015 so the California company could sell wholesale power from its California Flats Project with First Solar, a major U.S. solar company. It allowed the company to become one of the largest end-users of solar power in the world. Cook would later sign an $850 million deal to buy 130 megawatts of solar power capacity over 25 years from the project in Monterey County. The deal allows the company self-power for its stores, offices, and data centers. California Flats will encompass nearly 3,000 acres of land and more than double in size it solar capacity. Apple’s CEO was undeterred, telling reporters he would absolutely “pitch Trump to keep the Paris agreement again” if the climate accord issue comes up again. Follow Chris White on Facebook and Twitter Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Apple, Donald Trump, Energy, Tim Cook Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Trending Popular Emailed James Comey’s Prepared Remarks Ahead Of His Testimony Thursday Linda Sarsour Has Raised $80K For Anti-Muslim Hate Crime That Allegedly Did Not Happen WaPo Takes Anonymous Sourcing To A Whole New Level In Latest Obstruction Story EXCLUSIVE: Obama Never Warned State Election Officials Of Russian Election ‘Hacking’ Eichenwald Forgets To Close Hentai Porn Tab On His Laptop Top Intel Community Officials Deny That Trump Pressured Them On Russia Probe Watch Jon Ossoff Lose The Entire Special Election Debate In Less Than Four Minutes [VIDEO] Comey Never Kept Detailed Memos On Conversations He Had With Barack Obama Comey Told Trump He Was Not Under Investigation MEDIA CRITICISM: Big Three Networks’ Bias Conceals Facts About NSA Leaker Reality Winner Obama, The President Who Said He Had A ‘Pen And Phone,’ Warns Of Appeal Of Authoritarianism The Internet Is Losing It Over a Passage From Hillary Clinton’s Book Evoking Slavery Imagery New Documents Reveal How Obama’s Middle East Peace Negotiations Collapsed Dershowitz: Trump Could Have Just Pardoned Flynn [VIDEO] SMACKDOWN: FNC’s Sean Hannity Cracks On MSNBC’s Joe And Mika Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Tech shifts Windows 10 is a 'creators update' for PC makers in addition to consumers Make the right choice How to pick the right Surface Pro model for you Heroes in a Cshell Is another Windows phone reboot really a good thing? Xtra sneaky Xbox teasers Microsoft's 'Project Scorpio' teasers seem to contain hidden messages Surface FTW Surface Pro beats the brand new iPad Pro in a spec comparison — by a mile < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Surprise! Apple didn't invent the AIO ... 5 Windows all-in-one PC alternatives to Apple's new iMac Pro By Richard Devine Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 at 12:00 pm EDT 133 Comments Apple recently announced a powerful all-in-one, the iMac Pro. But guess what? Apple wasn't first to that party. Despite what marketing hype may try to make you believe, Apple isn't necessarily the pioneer in computing that it once was. The iMac for years was the best all-in-one computer you could buy, and it became an iconic part of the Mac lineup. But times change. The Windows hardware ecosystem now arguably leads comfortably when it comes to many key factors: performance, price, and design in particular. At WWDC 2017, Apple this week dropped the curtain on the iMac Pro, its most powerful computer ever. It is basically an iMac with much more powerful insides and a different color. Oh, and a high price tag. But it's also not the first time a company stuffed seriously high-end hardware into an all-in-one PC. So, if you're a Windows user or just don't want to wait until December for the iMac Pro release, check out these great Windows 10 PCs that are available now. Origin PC Omni One thing you most likely can't do with the iMac Pro is open up the back and replace or upgrade its parts. Origin doesn't believe that an all-in-one should be sealed, and so you can whip off the Omni's back cover and make the upgrades you want. Not that you necessarily need to. The great thing about Origin PCs is that you have a huge range of custom options to choose from when you have it built. So you can go up to a 10-core Intel Core i7 6950X, 32GB of RAM, RAID 0 or RAID 1 storage, and a full-size NVIDIA GTX 1080 graphics card. Or you can build something less powerful, and less pricey. Because you have the ultimate choice. But the upper limit for how much you can spend is very high, limited only by your desire and your wallet. In the front, you're looking at a 3440 x 1440 resolution, 34-inch curved display. While in some areas the iMac Pro might boast some better specs, it's not nearly as customizable or easily accessible. It also doesn't have a clear panel option to see all the glorious hardware inside. Omni does. See at Origin Digital Storm Aura The Digital Storm Aura is somewhat similar to the Origin Omni, namely because it's a glorious ultrawide all-in-one that's highly customizable. It, too, is a 34-inch curved ultrawide with a 3440 x 1440 resolution display. Inside, you're able to choose from a variety of options that go up to a Core i7 6800K, 32GB of RAM, GTX 1080 graphics card, solid state drive (SSD) and hard disk drive (HDD) storage and liquid cooling to keep everything running nice and frosty. It uses regular parts and lets you get inside and upgrade them as you see fit. We'll never turn our noses up at a PC maker that supports upgrades. It's not cheap, though, and you'll be looking to spend from $2,000 to $3,500, depending on exactly what you want. See at Digital Storm Microsoft Surface Studio While Microsoft may (for once) lose out on the raw power stakes, it wins in the innovation arena without breaking a sweat. While Apple is going after creatives who crave power (and probably macOS), if you want to draw on the Apple machine, you're out of luck. The Surface Studio reset the bar for what an all-in-one PC can be with that unique hinge that allows it to fold down flat for drawing and writing. Throw in the Surface Dial, and you've got a digital art studio. What you lose in raw power you make up for versatility, and in that glorious 28-inch, 4500 x 3000 resolution touch display. But it's still capable, with up to 32GB of RAM, Core i7 processor and an option for a 4GB NVIDIA GTX 980M GPU. The Studio is more about the display and what you can do with it than what's inside it. See at Microsoft Lenovo Ideacentre Y910 What if you just want a powerful, upgradeable all-in-one that doesn't have a crazy-wide screen or something that's as exotic as the Surface Studio? Enter the Lenovo Ideacentre Y910, a beefed-up version of the company's regular all-in-one. The 27-inch display is 2560 x 1440 and matte, but it lacks touch, and inside you get options such as a full size NVIDIA GTX 1080 graphics card, Intel Core i7, 32GB of RAM and a combination of SSD and HDD storage. It's an innovative design in its own right, too. The power supply is in the stand, leaving more space in the back for everything else. And you get better cooling. Compared to how much the iMac Pro is probably going to cost, this is a steal at around $2,000. See at Amazon Dell XPS 27 The XPS 27 from Dell is unlike any other all-in-one PC on the market right now, mostly for the 10 speakers on it pointing at you. But it's not all about the sound, and the latest refresh keeps it towards the top of the power stakes. You'll now find an 8GB AMD RX 570 GPU paired with an Intel Core i7-7700 processor, 32GB of RAM, up to 2TB of storage and a stunning 27-inch 4K display. Dell hardware both looks great and is well built, and the XPS 27 can be had (minus dedicated graphics) from $1,549. The range topper comes in at $2,749, but you've one heck of a lot of PC for it. See at Dell Your thoughts Did we leave off an iMac Pro alternative you think we should have included? Let us know in the comments. (We're always looking for more PCs that outdo Apple computers.) Reader comments 5 Windows all-in-one PC alternatives to Apple's new iMac Pro 133 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating nohone If Microsoft announced a computer today that will not be available for 6 months, the people here would be going ape-sh** about how Microsoft has lost, they don't know what they are doing, by the time they release the competition will have passsed them, calling for Nadella's resignation, so on and so on. Over on Apple sites, not one word about how it is too long of a wait. 22 19 hours ago Reply bleached I just think no one cares about PCs anymore, especially massively priced, professional all-in-one PCs. Not really a device that will be in high demand. -19 19 hours ago Reply nohone So people being upset when Microsoft doesn't ship a newly announced product immediately shows people don't care, but people not caring that Apple is delaying their product 6 months means their product is in high demand? How does that make sense? 11 17 hours ago Reply ymcpa I think he is saying the Apple people don't really care about an expensive all in one aimed at professionals. Microsoft people actually did care. The Studio got amazing responses but it was too expensive for most.  3 11 hours ago Reply Yangstax I'm anxiously waiting for a refresh of Surface Studio, hopefully in the same time frame of iMac Pro shipping. 1 16 hours ago Reply asoyemi How does this respond to nohome's thought process? 0 16 hours ago Reply bleached It is a $5000 niche desktop. People are not going to buy it anyways, hence the lack of caring among Apple fans. It is different for a phone people might actually want to be announced 6 months ahead of release (Elite X3). 0 11 hours ago Reply I_am_flashfire4 It's because most people have a respect for Microsoft based on logic. Most of Apple's fans just have blind faith. Due to our respect, we expect a lot from Microsoft. 15 19 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick Check some of the comments on this site, particularly on articles about Windows Mobile. "Blind faith" doesn't begin to describe some Microsoft fans.  -2 18 hours ago Reply nohone Try visiting MacRumors. If you think this site has blind faith fans, sites like that one take it to a whole new level. You don't even need to go to sites like that one, this site alone has an abundance of Apple fanboys trolling all day long. 6 17 hours ago Reply order_66 Wp8 and WP10, how did all of that "respect" work out for you then? -1 14 hours ago Reply nohone And what does WP have to do with the article, other than your usual trolling? 1 13 hours ago Reply alanSJ Very good observation. However, you have to keep in mind that Apple has already built a large flock of blind sheep so they can afford to take their time and the sheep will just follow. Microsoft's flock of sheep is nowhere near the size of Apple's, and so they need to get their product to market after introduction a lot sooner than 6 months. If Apple announces the iPhone 8 today but won't make it available until December, I can almost guarantee you the iSheep will still be lining up outside the stores several blocks long, even a day before. MS sheep won't line up outside the store to be the first to get a Surface device. -2 17 hours ago Reply Leo Moshi Surface studio, Microsoft really set the bar on that 12 19 hours ago Reply PsycheEye This whole article is a waste. None of these computers is anything like the iMac Pro. It's like the author doesn't know about the specs he's writing about.. The iMac Pro isn't just an all-in-one computer. It's a workstation with amazing specs (for its slim size, especially). Listing a bunch of AIO's with regular Core i7's isn't nearly the same thing.. The article seems either badly researched or desperate, or both. Either way, it looks bad.. And no, i'm not an Apple fan.  1 9 hours ago Reply DragonPoo Wow. It wasn't until reading this article until I realised the iMac Pro is just Apple's reaction to the Surface Studio.  And it doesn't even support touch/draw. 5 19 hours ago Reply bleached Except the Studio isn't a pro machine with those specs. -9 19 hours ago Reply Monte Constable1 You're not a pro with your comments. Troll on my friend! 10 18 hours ago Reply rdubmu No the surface studio is not in the same class as the imac pro, you are the one trolling. 18 cores?? The surface studio has what? It isn't even close . -2 18 hours ago Reply bleached If I was a pro, I wouldn't​ waste my time buying a $3000 workstation with an old mobile GPU and midrange consumer processor. The Surface isn't even in the same league as the Mac. -14 18 hours ago Reply DragonPoo Is that a stab against the Macbook Pro?  Because there are plenty of people out there who would disagree with you. 2 18 hours ago Reply bleached The MacBook Pro isn't a professional workstation. It is a laptop and mobile components are expected in a moderately priced laptop. -6 18 hours ago Reply DragonPoo Apple has always marketed the MacBook Pro as a mobile workstation for professionals.  For most Mac users, it's the only system they have. 7 18 hours ago Reply bleached Exactly. It isn't​ a desktop. It is a mobile device and mobile components are expected, especially at the Macbook Pro price point. -3 18 hours ago Reply JaimitoFrog You mean a professional troll? No you don't need a SS. Just keep using your droid. 6 18 hours ago Reply bleached The SS is massively underpowered for my uses. I would never ever consider one. That screen is nice, but it doesn't make up for the very poor specs. -7 18 hours ago Reply DragonPoo Okay, okay, I'll bite. Just what are your uses? 3 18 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick Can't speak for anyone else, but when I think "workstation," I imagine a CPU with at least 8 cores, 64 GB of RAM, and starting with 512GB of SSD + 2 TB of HDD. Handbrake, a video encoding program, scales very well with extra cores. It's very slow with two cores though, and it's a commonly used program for video professionals - a market I'm sure Microsoft would like to target with the Studio. Other programs such as Adobe's suite and AutoCAD would be great on the Surface Studio, but the hardware just isn't there.  0 18 hours ago Reply nohone Only 8 cores and 64GB? I am typing this on a machine with 16 cores (32 threads), 128GB of RAM, 4 2TB SSDs. That machine you are using is not what I would consider any where near "pro." 2 17 hours ago Reply bleached Heavy gaming and some video editing. The Studio looks awesome. I wish it had stronger components. A GTX 1080 would probably change my mind! -2 17 hours ago Reply DragonPoo If you're looking at heavy gaming, I'd say neither the iMac Pro, nor the Surface Studio, would be your device.  You would likely be using your own built desktop with high graphics and multiple monitors. 3 16 hours ago Reply bleached Which is exactly what I use. The iMac Pro would probably work fine for me though, the SS couldn't. 0 11 hours ago Reply McZosch The Studio is a gen 1 product, which translates to a more conservative approach and fewer initial options. Look, what Elon Musk just said about his X type, where he broke this rule. Microsoft has a lot of time observing the market. Video editing on the current high end Studio is no problem. Gaming...? Maybe the Studio is not designed to be a gaming machine, and there is a chance, it never will. But neither is the iMac, at least bar Windows, because of the "app gap". 0 3 hours ago Reply McZosch So, your uses are? I'm asking, because due to our experience, the Studio is almost perfect for design, and we have our video editing loads running on two of those babes. Both workstations are running NX + TeamCenter, two ressource hogs, and much better than their two-year old high-end CAD workstations. We are currently considering changing the whole CAD infrastructure, with another four Studios being ordered for evaluation. So much to any theory in computing. 0 3 hours ago Reply GG002 You're obviously not a pro. A pro would know that a computer is more than just raw power. This is the foundation (the new) Apple was built on, i.e. it's not the specs, it's how you can use it. Yes, some people may require raw power, but the SS isn't marketed towards those people. The SS is for professionals who draw, design and create art. You don't need 18 cores for that. On the other hand, you do need (or at least benefit hugely from) a tiltable touchscreen with accurate colours. That's also a PRO category. 9 18 hours ago Reply bleached I agree with you. They don't really compete with each other. The iMac Pro is for someone who requires all that power. The SS most certainly won't appease those people. -2 17 hours ago Reply McZosch But then, why should someone pay a couple of thousand dollars more for such a machine, when he can have a high-end Xeon-workstation including a designed to task graphics adapter for a lot less cash. Cash, that you can spend on a full-grown Wacom tablet. 0 3 hours ago Reply Serpentbane I have a shitload of titles and diplomas proving I'm a pro, and I could do what ever I need with the Surface Studio. The vast majority of professionals could never ever really utilize 18 cores and anything over 16GB of ram. There are a few use cases, true, but very few of us happens to be amongst those professions. Funny thing is, most Apple users are constantly defending the over all lack of powerful systems in the xmac lineup. And now, come a decent build spec vice, and power is everything? Great thing about PC's though, if you are amongst those very few in need of such specs, you just buy a different computer. Try doing that if you're a mac user.   4 17 hours ago Reply GG002 @Serpentbane This is the case everytime Apple comes out with something that the iSheep have been religiously defending when lacking. 3 17 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris The iMac is for 3D design, video editing (actual video editing, not the stuff people take on their phones on the weekend, we are talking multiple streams of 4k/8k video) and audio design. The Studio is aimed at tabletop creatives, drawing, painting, autoCAD, that kind of stuff. It can still obviously do the other things that the iMac Pro can, just nowhere near as quickly. It's worth Mr mentioning that prior to this release I never gave a damn about iMac, the Mac Pro was my go to for video editing and rendering. Now, that is changing. 0 13 hours ago Reply McZosch We do 4k editing for providing tutorial videos using Adobe Premiere Pro on Studio. Having full touch, pen and dial support is a major advantage, and I would get a lot of flames from the two gals working with them, if I gave them something else. They extensively use the 3D-editing features, where having exact contextual pen-support shines. 0 2 hours ago Reply nohone Just a couple days ago your friends where screaming bloody murder because this site dared to compare the new Surface Pro to a MacBook Pro. How it is unfair to compare a new, unreleased product (one that will ship in a couple weeks) to one that is 7 months old. But here you are, comparing a 6 month old product (Surface Studio) to a product that will not be available for 6 more months (iMac Pro). Are you Apple whores ever consistent in anything you write, say or do? 2 17 hours ago Reply order_66 Are you referring to that ridiculous comparison with a 2015 MacBook air vs whatever the newest surface laptop is? That was the pinnacle of a Microsoft fanboy trying to prove microsoft relevancy lol 0 14 hours ago Reply Skie77 The Surface Studio is not a traditional workstation. It is a device for artists. The iMac Pro is targeted at mainly video editors. I would call both groups 'Pro'. Working as a professional doesn't only translate to computer power. I am pretty sure there will be a hardware refresh of SS about same time as iMac Pro release, but they are totally different devices targeting different groups. I'd say the iMac Pro i totally overkill. Only Apple fans will buy another device (Mac Pro comes to mind) that cost $5k-$10k and is in no way upgradeable. Actually it is even worse that the Mac Pro. What to do if the screen suddenly have failures, then you have to ship all your **** for repair.  The Studio makes sense, just hoping for a spec bump. The iMac Pro is another Mac Pro dissaster - going from a small can design to cramming everything into a monitor lol. 0 15 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris Trust me, it's not overkill, anything to help speed up rendering is a godsend in the video World, especially now with movies being filmed in 6k or even 8k. And guess what, it still isn't enough power really, you start dealing in ultra high end 3D work and you're still going to need render farms to process it. This just allows the people without THAT kind of money to edge a little closer to the top. 0 13 hours ago Reply Evil_MrM No, it's a machine for professional users.  Raw specs are bull$#@ when comparing machines for professional users.  Capability is what counts, and the Surface Studio is simply in another league compared to the iMac Pro.  Hell, I'm not even in a creative field, and I want one in my office; possibly, I'll be able to justify one in the next two iterations, once the software catches up to the hardware... 2 16 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick The iMac line has existed for a long time before the Studio did. And the Surface Studio uses laptop parts, so it isn't powerful enough for workstation use.  -4 18 hours ago Reply DragonPoo Can't say that I can afford the Studio to know if it's powerful or not.  I think that depends on your use.  It's designed to be a creator/designer's tool.  For most people, I think it's workstation enough. But I wouldn't disagree about the mobile parts being used.  If they ever came out with a model that used desktop parts (come on, Microsoft, just make that base thicker to hold it), I could see it really being useful. 0 18 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick I just want them to make it a monitor, and I'll bring/build my own computer. I'd pay $3,000 just for it as a monitor (assuming they use modern ports).  0 18 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin @Tom Westrick, that's the Dell Canvas. Should be coming out.. in August I think? Not certain on latest release date expectation. I'm looking forward to getting as soon as I can confirm the final product works as well as in the demos we've seen. 1 18 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick Can't believe I forgot about that, but isn't that display always horizontal? I'd like something that could move back and forth like the Surface.  There are monitors that do this (less elegantly, but still), but the largest I've found is only 22 inches.  0 17 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin I think you're right. I think it can only adjust the screen angle by a few degrees, all of which are variations on "lay flat". I think their intent, which is what appeals to me, is using it between your keyboard and "main monitor" so it's truly additive to your existing system and you can still use all of your other equipment. I have a 40" 4k as my main monitor, so I wouldn't want to give that up, but I'd love to have a touchscreen for certain operations, and the ability to sign documents with a pen, all while still working on my desktop. But I can certainly understand wanting a more traditionally angled monitor with high-resolution and touch support.  0 15 hours ago Reply GG002 If you're an artist or an architect with a pen, this is way more than they'll ever need. Not everybody needs a workstation with huge amounts of cores and RAM, because the workstation of many will be dependent on whether it has touch/pen input. An iMac, no matter how powerful, will never beat a tiltable 28" screen with pen input for those who rely on such technology. 2 18 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick I know a lot of people that are both digital artists and video editors, and the video editing requires A LOT of horsepower. These folks likely already have a Wacom tablet that would work the Mac.  0 17 hours ago Reply editguy I am a video professional (28 years) and I do not ened that much power, even for 4K. Don't speak of what you do not know. 1 16 hours ago Reply DragonPoo Obviously, you aren't the type of professional that's the target audience for this magical device. /s I've only tinkered with video editing, and did so on my old Core2Duo Windows system with 3GB of RAM.  It ran sufficiently for my needs.  I would assume video rendering (Pixar type stuff) is more of a fit for this, but even for that need, studios have dedicated server FARMS, not a single device.  And I doubt a fully loaded iMac Pro could handle that. The only time I've ever needed more than 8GB of RAM is when I'm running multiple VMs  Even multitasking graphics editors can be done on modest mobile hardware. 0 16 hours ago Reply bleached http://m.bestreviews.com/best-drawing-tablets Are you sure about that? 0 17 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin @Tom Westrick, it depends what the application is. If you're doing 3D rendering, then you are definitely correct -- for that you want a high-end dedicated non-mobile graphics card (and the touchscreen and pen may not matter as much, depending on how you create the scene for 3D rendering). If you're a professional artist using primarily Illustrator and Photoshop work though, the the Surface Studio's display is groundbreaking and the 980M is plenty. So, I would say the new iMac is a dream machine for video rendering. The Surface Studio is the better dream machine for other artists who don't need that incredible rendering power. 3 18 hours ago Reply GG002 No need to further argue with Tom, he's hellbent on evangelising the iMac Pro as the only machine pros will ever need, no matter what. In his world, there exists only people who need raw power. 2 17 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick Thanks for putting words in my mouth. I'm just saying that it's hard to compare the Surface Studio and the iMac Pro when they are vastly different devices with vastly different amounts of computing power. I don't plan on ever buying either one.  0 17 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris Honestly the best decision is just buy both, then you have the best of both worlds! 1 13 hours ago Reply nohone I am confused, you don't want laptop parts but yet iMac has shipped with laptop 2 core CPUs, a 5400RPM laptop HDD, and used the integrated Intel GPUs. I can't look up on Apple's site which processors they use now because they try to hide that information as much as they can, but in the past those iMac all in ones have been exactly what you are attacking. 2 16 hours ago Reply DragonPoo I like using everymac.com for lookups.  They have a list of every mac (hence the name!) and other apple devices as well.  On their list of iMacs, they show the CPU each one comes with. The recent ones seem to all come with Desktop-class processors.  But you're right, some have come with mobile proc's, and many have come with spinny hard drives, including the last generation. 0 15 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris The iMac Pro and Surface Studio are two very different machines. The Omni looks like the closest thing to the upcoming iMac. 0 13 hours ago Reply Steve Adams Left out the dell xps 27. 3 19 hours ago Reply Steve Adams The other funny thing is,  the top spec surface studio,  is cheaper by 800 dollars than the bottom spec Imac pro...which does not support multi touch, pen support, dial, etc....no vision at Apple.   NONE.   Just regurgitate the same devices over and over,  make a new color every now and then.   And I use their products.   4 19 hours ago Reply kevinh8053 I know it's hard for a lot of you diehard Windows fans to believe but a lot of people don't care about multi touch drawing capabilities. I know there are people that do care and for those people it's great. Mac users are going to continue using Mac with or without touchscreen capabilities. They do have other options for drawing that work great. That being said, spec wise the iMac Pro kinda blows away the Surface Studio. -5 18 hours ago Reply GG002 I know it's hard for a lot of you diehard Microsoft haters to believe but a lot of people don't care about 18 cores. Let's face it, the marketshare of all Apple computers combined is tiny, so no matter how much you think the SS is a waste of space, it sits in a league which is hugely more popular. Also, the drawing options for Mac users means they not only don't get direct input (i.e. on the screen of the main machine itself), but they also have to spend extra thousand dollars getting up to par in the touch-capability department. All in all, the Surface Studio kinda blows away the iMac Pro. 4 18 hours ago Reply kevinh8053 1) Who said I was a Microsoft hater? I own 2 Dell XPS machines. An 8700 and an 8900, plus a Dell laptop and my wife also has a Dell laptop. 2) Where did I say the SS was a waste of space? But if you think SS is more popular than Macs you are nuts. Yes, there are many more Windows machines than Mac, but certainly not more SS machines. 3) Mac users that would get use of the SS already own Walcom or some other drawing device and would not need the SS. Now someone new to the Creators game may choose the SS over Mac. That is great for them as they have choices now. My point in my above comment was that Mac users will use Mac touchscreen or no touchscreen because the like macOS over Windows. They have other drawing options. Mac users are not switching (at least not many) because Windows has touch and Windows users won't switch just because Mac adds touch. And no, the SS doesn't come close to blowing away the iMac Pro. -2 17 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick The top tier Surface Studio still uses a dual core processor and last generation mobile GPU.  -2 18 hours ago Reply user-774 Ummm, dual core is NOTHING 0 18 hours ago Reply kevinh8053 Well, it's not "nothing" but it sure isn't an 8 core Xeon. 0 18 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick Exactly, dual core is nothing for someone that needs raw power.  -2 18 hours ago Reply user-774 It's even getting a bit tight for normal use I'd say. 0 18 hours ago Reply lbp775 If you need raw power than the Surface Studio is not for you.  Get over it. 0 17 hours ago Reply user-774 Designers are in-between, I'd say. 0 17 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick I am over it. I'm not interested in either the iMac Pro (though that matte black is gorgeous) or the Surface Studio (though I'd buy it as a monitor). Just pointing out that the hardware in the Surface Studio isn't good enough for a lot of "professional" use cases.  0 17 hours ago Reply GG002 Also get you facts straight if you have to compare apples to oranges. Both machines use quad core CPUs. 1 17 hours ago Reply kevinh8053 Umm, unsure which machines you mean, but if you are referring to the iMac Pro, no it does not use quad core. The iMac uses quad core. I don't know what is in the SS. I thought it was quad. 0 16 hours ago Reply kevinh8053 Actually neither are for me either. I can't even draw a stick figure. 0 16 hours ago Reply GG002 LOL, way to be an ignorant FUD-spreading fool. The top-tier SS uses an i7-6820HQ, which, surprise surprise, is a quadcore CPU. Also, last gen nVidia GPU > AMD GPU, nuff said. 3 17 hours ago Reply user-774 It's not true. SS has quad core, which is fine for normal, mid-range usage. 1 16 hours ago Reply bleached Look at the specs. The Studio is a **** compared to the iMac Pro. A touch screen doesn't make up for it. Professional drawing options are readily available. -5 18 hours ago Reply lbp775 "Professional drawing options are readily available." For an additional cost. 4 17 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick For those that don't already have them. My high school graphics teacher has used the same Wacom tablet for 12 years now, and it's still supported in macOS.  -1 17 hours ago Reply GG002 Just because you can doesn't mean you should. For my modern dSLR, I could still use an external flash for an analogue SLR bought in the 80s. But it will not give me all the features I require with my modern dSLR, and it will be weaker, smaller and without auto exposure for the rapid non-film era photos. If you want to perform and actually become something, you update and upgrade.  1 17 hours ago Reply Steve Adams Additional costs on an already out to lunch priced device...when you can flop down the studio,  draw directly on the device,  dial support is another big deal...TOUCH IS EVERYTHING NOW! 2 17 hours ago Reply bleached What good is touch for video editing? What if I don't need a tilting screen but want more power? Are design professionals actually using the SS? I am sure they already had options. Is the SS really better for them? -1 17 hours ago Reply editguy If you were a professional video editor, you would know the answer to your own question. It's painfully obvious that you know very little about video editing. 0 16 hours ago Reply GG002 iMac Pro just turned into a flat trash can. I can also troll. 1 17 hours ago Reply DragonPoo I wondered what changed the article from "4" to "5". It's there now! 0 16 hours ago Reply user-774 "the iMac Pro, its most powerful computer ever." - The Mac Pro (can) is slower than this? 0 19 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick Considering the trashcan Mac Pro was released in 2013 with 2012-era parts, yes.  0 18 hours ago Reply user-774 Time flies by... Can't wait to see comparison benchmarks. 0 18 hours ago Reply Gunite Just give me the OS and I'll build my own killer setup. Oh wait, it's called Windows and it's not tied to specific hardware either. 9 19 hours ago Reply rdubmu For people who need this type of computer, there is nothing close on the market for that price. Seriously. This computer can run circles around the studio. -1 18 hours ago Reply Alan Gramont Microsoft has 6 months to respond to it.  You're discounting a future release against a future release. 2 17 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris Microsoft won't bite, like the other guy said they are both designed for different purposes, I can't draw worth a damn so the Studio isn't the machine for me, but I do a lot of video work so the the iMac Pro is much more enticing. If it was the other way around, I'd be saying things differently. 0 13 hours ago Reply lbp775 To me the Surface Studio is in a different category.  You should compare to others that were on the list. 1 17 hours ago Reply GG002 For people who don't need this type of computer, the Surface Studio runs circles around the iMac Pro. It goes both ways. Maybe you should expand your horizons before making a fool of yourself. 2 17 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick The only one that looks anywhere near as good is the Surface Studio, and that uses laptop parts.  -1 18 hours ago Reply GG002 Which is way more than 95% of all professionals need. I know people who bought the trash can Mac and didn't even use 20% of its capabilities, because they had money to waste and needed to impress people. Talk about problems with certain body part lengths. 2 17 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris Considering the cost of the Surface Studio that argument goes both ways. 0 13 hours ago Reply VideoGame57 I'm not a Mac user myself, but none of these systems are even close to the base model iMac Pro. None of the displays even come close to the 5K 10-bit IPS display, the 8.2 TFLOPS GTX 1080s in these systems can't touch the 11 TFLOPS Vega, Broadwell-E i7s are no match for the Skylake-X Xeons, and they all max out at 32GB of RAM instead of 128GB. Also I'm not sure why the Surface Studio is even on this list, the specs are a joke, they can't even touch my laptop let alone the base model iMac Pro. 0 17 hours ago Reply Ron-F If you're working with illustration, the Surface Studio can be a great choice over any Mac. However, the iMac Pro is aimed at video profissionals and none of those machines are, at best, feeble in comparison. That said, you can probably buy a decent Windows based competitor for a lot less if you don't care for the all-in-one format. 1 17 hours ago Reply editguy I'm a video professional and any of those machines would fill my needs. 0 16 hours ago Reply Ron-F Cool! 0 16 hours ago Reply peterfares Is this serious? Almost none of these machines can match the iMac Pro in specs, only the Origin PC Omni comes anywhere close.  If you just want an all in one you should be comparing against the normal 27" iMac. -1 17 hours ago Reply Carlo Razzeto I'll say it, the iMac Pro is impressive. It's not innovative like studio, but it's impressive for sure. Developers wouldn't mind it, that is for sure. If you need a high power workstation and don't need touch it should fit the bill (and it's better than the machines mentioned here). I think this presents MS a good oppertunity for the next generation of Studio. Who knows, maybe a Studio Pro? 1 17 hours ago Reply Steve Adams YEs, and drop the studio pricing and increase the PRO pricing..But for photo/video editing,  there is nothing like the studio. 2 17 hours ago Reply bleached http://m.bestreviews.com/best-drawing-tablets -1 17 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris I'm not going to lie here, I'd sell a kidney if they release a studio with the iMac Pro specs. I've been trying to get into drawing more and learning how to. 0 13 hours ago Reply GG002 (deleted comment) 0 17 hours ago Reply tchncllyspkng But it desnt even exist until december and there is no pricing on the webiste -utopia do a dual XEON workstion with 44 threads (88 cores) 110mB cache, 512GB Ram, 36TFlps of graphics w/72GB DDR5, and upto 18TB of SSD, doesnt just run rings round the iMAC it eats its breakfast for it 2 17 hours ago Reply LIEBER I'm sure the upcoming iMac Pros are fine. But they are not revolutionary. Look, e.g., at HPs top workstation, which already has 18 core Xeon processor. iMac offers up to 128 GB RAM? OK. Top it with the HP workstation with 1TB RAM. I would guess Dell and Lenovo also already have more powerful workstations than the iMac Pro. By all means, the iMac Pros will be fine computers. And come December, there will be many other powerful computers based on the new intel and AMD processors. [http://store.hp.com/us/en/mdp/business-solutions/z840-workstation?jumpid... 4 17 hours ago Reply GG002 Indeed. AiOs were never professional workstations in the first place, so Apple even claiming this is outright pathetic. A true high-powered, high-octane workstation doesn't need to look shiny, because it's all about the power, nobody cares how it looks because it's made for getting as much work done as possible, not impress your boy or girlfriend. 2 17 hours ago Reply dloprios97 "Surprise! Apple didn't invent the AIO" That's reality 2 17 hours ago Reply Miffywiffy I own an iMac late 2015 27 inch and I love it more than any Windows PC I've ever owned, which is funny as I used Windows for 20 years, never Macs, I switched and yes it took some getting used to, but I prefer OSX from Windows 8 and 10 by miles... to me OSX feels like Windows 7 did. For me it has more value than a lot of products Microsoft sell, in that I can select my internal storage at a reasonable price and a storage size I wanted, the speed was immense for the time, it's still faster than anything a Windows Machine would offer, without having to spend a grand on it yourself. Things like the Studio are so low spec for the price, it's even more expensive than the iMac, by miles. Touch screens do not work for large Desktop displays, you get smudges all over it. Has any one used an iPad? You cannot use that for viewing proper content like you do on a Desktop, you'd be wiping it constantly. I just see the touch screen as a gimmick, not even a good one. I much prefer having a pad to draw on, which has it's advantages too, like being able to see what you're doing without your hand there as you have less feel than pencil to paper. Also I use the Apple Touch Pad for iMac which is quite big and has completely replaced the mouse for me, it's so perfect and way better than a touch screen on a Desktop OS. I think it's so good, the Speakers are good, I love how everything just works on my iMac and as for the GPU, well in my iMac it has the 395x mobile chip which against the 965m in the Surface Studio, well it beats it and it cost me less. -1 17 hours ago Reply DragonPoo So, what do you do with your Mac?  I'm wondering why the switch was better for you. 0 15 hours ago Reply csd_images None of these machines really compete with the iMac Pro, it's using  Xeon processors. If you're looking at equivalent hardware then you should be looking at the HP Z1 AiO workstations which are functionally equivalent. The iMac is relatively unique in the market at this point with it's spec, and it'll be interesting to see if OEMs will take up the mantle to introduce more AiOs based around the Xeon CPUs and/or use pro level graphics like the Vega Pro/FE or the Quadro cards.   If the Surface Studio gets similar hardware specs then it'll be a real contender, Apple have thrown the gauntlet down and we all know the Surface Studio despite it's unique features was rather anaemic. -2 16 hours ago Reply Darcer I exactly agree, but it seems like all the Windows fanboys are disliking these types of comments.  Who are the blind sheep now? 0 16 hours ago Reply Steve Adams  Not me.  I have macs.   I don't like them.   They truly are overpriced and under spec'ed.   Plus macOS is garbage  0 15 hours ago Reply Mani Malekizadeh Surface Studio is Amazing... far better than any other device in this category 0 16 hours ago Reply Withheld If you remove the base, and tilt the iMac Pro over on a couple tissue boxes, it would be a serious Surface Studio competitor. If your purchasing it for power, there has always been better PC solutions at a fraction of the price. 0 15 hours ago Reply dasfoto Without the touch screen, what would be the point of tilting the iMac on tissue boxes? That's why the Surface Studio tilts. It basically becomes a digital drafting table. Not something you can do with the iMac. I'm not knocking the iMac. It'll probably be a great machine for the right people. But the Surface Studio is also a great machine for the right people.  0 14 hours ago Reply Withheld Oh you don't need touch screens with iMac's, they've got you covered with a trackpad. The tissues were for those that have been waiting 10 years for a lot more. 0 13 hours ago Reply Goncalo Duarte1 What is the point of having a Pro PC that can't be upgradable? Do the people that want to have PCs with Xeon CPUs care about how small it is? 0 15 hours ago Reply n8ter#AC Most of those other systems are ugly, as well. That kind of matters :-P The worst thing about the Surface Studio is the screen ratio, though. It's just... horrible for media consumption and won't work as well for media editing, where the extra width works really well for apps like Final Cut or Premiere Pro. It also has a fairly weak GPU given its price range. In any case, nothing in this post matters as the people who are going to buy an iMac Pro are likely doing so because they *don't* want a Windows Machine. They want a Mac, which runs macOS. If they did, they wouldn't have to wait for this, and they'd probably have bought the Surface Studio *already* seeing as how it's available right now and a decent enough package. I'm probably going to update my iMac in the next year or so. I won't care how much better the Windows Machines are, because I don't want Windows 10 on my Desktop (and if I did, I could always boot camp it... as I did on my iMac for a few months when it was needed). 0 15 hours ago Reply n8ter#AC @ DragonPoo People use their Macs the same way you use your PC. They just prefer what macOS has to offer. Both Operating Systems offer the same basic things to their users, but they do differentiate in ways that may matter to a user. Macs have high quality stock software pre-loaded on them, and I had to spend about $250 bridging the out of the box functionality gap on Windows so that it was as useful as my Mac was 5 minutes after plugging it in. There is also a growing library of high quality Mac software. I've stated many times that I feel like a lot of start-ups are going Mac First these days, and many of them are targeting iOS in tandem. When you factor in things like Continuity, AirPlay, Universal Clipboard and Handoff, this has huge usability benefits which cannot be replicated on Windows - and if so, it's likely going to require more redundant web service applications (i.e. Dropbox or Google Drive, etc.) while this stuff all works between Apple devices using their own system services. Ecosystem was also a huge issue. I buy eBooks these days, because they're way cheaper than educational material in paperback or hardcover format. Microsoft "new" eBook store is absolutely barren of that type of content. Microsoft still doesn't do Podcasts and AudioBooks. Trust me, iTunes is miles better on a Mac than on Windows, so if I'm going to be dependent on it for the type of content I want, why not get a Mac and keep my content purchases relatively centralized to one entity? I think Windows is a better fit for the Enterprise and maybe even the educational market (at least on PCs and Notebooks), but I don't forsee myself leaving macOS anytime soon. I simply have way less trust in Microsoft's "vision" than I do Apple's. I also don't care for my PC software to make life harder on me simply because the parent company wants to push into another market... UWP Applications with no menu pars and extremely poor keyboard navigation come to mind... Apple just produces amore usable desktop OS, with a better value proposition, at this point. The App ecosystem seems to be growing while Windows' is in malaise, also (largely due to monopolization by huge software vendors like Adobe and a user base that's unwilling to pay for quality software - Windows users are like the Android users of the desktop world). 1 14 hours ago Reply Skie77 As much as I don't like Apple, none of those listed PC's are even close to the iMac Pro. The Studio is a great device, just aimed at another segment than the iMac Pro. Do I think the iMac pro is an awesome investment though? Hell no. Paying $5k+ for a computer even less upgradeable than the Mac Pro is just nuts. But it will sell well, it's Apple after all. 0 13 hours ago Reply My name is Nicholas I don't want to give in to the Apple fan boys, but they do have a point when they say that none of the PCs on this list have the raw computing power of the iMac Pro. I personally hate the idea of an iMac Pro, and would prefer a Surface Studio any day of the week, but it simply doesn't have the CPU or GPU power of the iMac Pro. However, I do not think that there are that many people that would ever need that much computing power on an iMac. The versatility and features of the Surface Studio make it a far better device for me overall. You can get more work done easier on a PC like the Studio. I know that this does not apply to everyone's unique needs, since it is true that 16 cores are faster than 4. There are, however, PCs that are superior in raw performance than the iMac Pro, and I find it very strange that Windows Central did not include any in this article. 0 11 hours ago Reply Abhilash Jena Surely enough Apple did win now due to marketing hype these days. There innovations has been lost since the release of iPhone 4s, and these are just the remnants of an old company that used to innovate according to the use of consumers. 0 38 min ago Reply BoltsRomano Issue is when Apple announce the availability on December, people wait because they will be able to buy something better than what they have now. Different from Windows product, for example, New Surface Pro, ifMS said you can only wait until December, people will complaint because people can buy something similiar or better than surface pro today. That is the difference When people still think a pair of sock , apple already move to the level a brand new suit , and not sock 0 23 sec ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple’s HomePod looks beautiful but doesn't think different Wired Liz Stinson 18 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL America's fastest growing cities 15 commercial products invented for the military © Getty Images Getty Images Apple wrapped up WWDC on Monday by showing off the HomePod, its brand new smart speaker. The stout, cylindrical gadget packs in seven tweeters, six microphones, and a four-inch woofer that delivers impressive sound. The HomePod is very much a speaker, but for Apple, it also represents something more: a way to bring Siri into your home at a time when virtual assistants are smarter than ever. The question is whether the HomePod brings anything new to the table. Like the Amazon Echo or Google Home, Apple’s HomePod provides a new shell for its omnipresent virtual assistant. But unlike Echo or Home, it’ll sound amazing. Phil Schiller, Apple’s head of marketing, claimed that while most companies choose to focus on either sound or smarts, the HomePod brings both in spades. “We wanted to combine all this into a product that can really deliver a breakthrough experience,” he said onstage. Popular Searches Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 1,009.29 -0.63 -0.06% Alibaba Group Holding Ltd BABA ▲ 138.61 +12.93 +10.29% Boeing Co BA ▲ 189.13 +1.08 +0.57% Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 154.67 -0.69 -0.44% The only issue? It’s not yet clear what that experience will actually be like. Schiller spent little time talking about HomePod’s capabilities as a home assistant, focusing instead on the device’s impressive audio specs. He did say HomePod would integrate with HomeKit to manage simple tasks like controlling your blinds, changing the temperature, and turning on the yard sprinklers, all through voice commands. But will the assistant know how to communicate across devices, displaying relevant information—lists, maps, and to do lists—on your TV or phone? Will people be tied to their shiny new iPads when they want to accomplish something more complex than asking Siri to play the next song? How, exactly, will Siri flex its increasingly capable predictive skills in the HomePod? “What we saw yesterday wasn’t the full picture,” says Werner Goertz, an analyst with Gartner. “It was an almost verbatim copy of the Amazon Echo launch from two and a half years ago.” The HomePod felt more like a souped-up Sonos system than a paradigm shifting piece of hardware. It might sound better than its competitors, and look better too. But Apple’s fresh take on the smart speaker really didn’t seem all that fresh. HomePod comes at a time when both Amazon and Google are experimenting with new ways to get people using their voice assistants in intuitive ways. Just last month, Amazon introduced the Echo Show, an angular smart speaker with an attached touchscreen. Amazon realized that Alexa’s chattiness could only go so far in an audio-only world; certain tasks require visual aids, like browsing for clothes online or checking into a flight. (It also makes buying stuff way easier.) The fact that you can now interact with Alexa using either your voice or a screen shows that the future of these devices will demand both modes, in a way that works seamlessly across all of your devices. Schiller himself has said as much. Last month, he gave an interview to the blog 360 Gadgets, during which he hinted at the upcoming HomePod and threw subtle shade at Amazon and Google. “There’s many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn’t mean you’d never want a screen,” he said. “So the idea of not having a screen, I don’t think suits many situations.”© Jason Henry for WIRED Image via Wired HomePod doesn’t have a screen, which might be because almost everything else in the Apple universe already does. Apple also billed HomePod primarily as a music device that just happens to have Siri, describing the assistant more as a “musicologist” who uses AI to pick your playlists than the organizer of all your digital devices. Meanwhile, Amazon Echo and Google Home built their virtual assistants into catch-all productivity aids that field any number of requests, many of which benefit from multi-modal input like voice command and a touchscreen. “There will always be value in using multiple senses,” says Ethan Imboden, head of venture design at the design studio Frog. “Those who succeed in this space will understand what is the best interface for any given motive.” HomePod’s design suggests that Apple isn’t concerned with pushing the boundaries of what a home assistant could be; for now, catching up is enough. In many ways, that’s Apple’s MO. “They let others serve as their beta launch, learn from this, then leverage the combination of their exceptional design and production capabilities, the stickiness of their integrated product ecosystem, and their network of retail outlets to step in strongly,” says Imboden. It’s still too early to say whether the approach with the HomePod is brilliant or doomed. On one hand, Apple could be using music to trojan horse HomePod—and Siri—into as many living rooms as possible. At the same time, people expect their smart speakers to actually be smart, and positioning Siri as a “musicologist” almost seems to underscore the fact that Apple’s assistant still lags behind the others. Still, Apple makes great hardware, so it’s safe to assume they won’t be hurting for sales—even if the HomePod, priced at $350, costs twice as much as either the Amazon Echo or Google Home. Plenty of people will buy HomePod because it’s pretty or because everything else they own is Apple. But only time will tell how much the HomePod can redefine what an intelligent speaker could be. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Wired The Smartest Robot You've Ever Seen Wired The Adventure Cats of Instagram Wired Families Pose Next to Everything They’ve Ever Bought Online Wired Wired View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Archives Best of Everything Guide Were you 'Seen' at Silsbee's ring ceremony? If he only had a brain: Tin Man actor charged with DWI SO: Task force on surveillance makes drug bust in separate case Joe’s Crab Shack Owner Files for Bankruptcy After Sales Drop US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics The Latest: Grand jury indicts woman in leaked secrets case Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election Former first lady Barbara Bush celebrates 92nd birthday Florida flooding forces outlet mall to close for 2nd day A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Singer Phil Collins cancels show after hotel room fall Kevin Spacey tight-lipped about his plans as host of Tonys The Latest: Redemption for Urban, who takes home 4 CMTs Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards, Underwood makes history cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports Fans line street as PN-G baseball team leaves for state semifinal PN-G vs. Frisco Wakeland: Class 5A state semifinal game PN-G's Boudoin provides steady assurance from behind the plate Ring ceremony to honor Silsbee's state champion boys basketball Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 6-8-17 'Toon Time 6-7-17 'Toon Time 6-5-17 'Toon Time 6-3-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.businessinsider.com/apple-music-vs-spotify-2015-7?utm_source=hearst&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=allverticals Apple Music is still well behind Spotify, and that may be a problem for the HomePod (AAPL) Jeff Dunn, provided by Published 4:45 pm, Wednesday, June 7, 2017 For all of Apple’s resources and marketing might, Apple Music still can’t quite catch up to Spotify. Apple announced this week that Music is now up to 27 million subscribers a couple years into its existence. But as this chart from Statista shows, Spotify has consistently kept its user growth up, with 50 million paid subscribers at last check. That gap may be a problem for Apple’s next hardware product, the HomePod. While the new smart home speaker seems to sound superior to the competition, it’s not yet clear if it’ll be fully integrated with streaming services beyond Apple Music. That could leave a significant potential audience out in the cold; and it could force those users to turn to the Amazon Echo or the Google Home speakers instead. Then again, Apple’s business has always been more about margins than massive scale — the precise opposite of Amazon and Google — so Apple might feel that nudging people toward its Apple Music service is worth the risk. Either way, the company is hoping the launch of new original shows will allow Music to finally gain some ground.  Mike Nudelman/Business Insider/Statista Join the conversation about this story » NOW WATCH: Bill Gates is backing the waterless toilet of the future — here's how it works See Also: Apple's answer to the Amazon Echo has a critical flaw Apple announced the future this week, and you probably didn't even notice How the Apple HomePod’s price compares to similar speakers — both smart and not-smart SEE ALSO: How the Apple HomePod’s price compares to similar speakers — both smart and not-smart Top Stories 4-year-old 'dry drowns' nearly a week after swimming If he only had a brain: Tin Man actor charged with DWI Task force on surveillance makes drug bust in separate case Video: Husband of slain pregnant woman asks for help PDFs: Order issued for evidence in principal's death Video: Fans line street for PN-G team send-off Texas to ban texting while driving beginning Sept. 1 Smoldering Port Arthur silo ruptures, collapses Local News Were you 'Seen' at Silsbee's ring ceremony? Beaumont ISD names new athletic director Galveston commissioners OK $1.7M deal to acquire Rollover Pass If he only had a brain: Tin Man actor charged with DWI SO: Task force on surveillance makes drug bust in separate case Lamar cancels classes due to power outage Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Mobile samsung galaxy note 8 Samsung likely to launch Galaxy Note 8 in late August (ahead of iPhone 8) By Shawn Knight on Jun 7, 2017, 5:00 PM TechSpot Samsung is expected to continue a trend it started a few years back – launching its second-half flagship smartphone towards the end of summer rather than at the beginning of fall – in order to beat Apple’s new iPhone to market. The Korea Herald points to rumors suggesting Samsung will launch the Galaxy Note 8 in late August, likely a few weeks to a month before Apple’s next iPhone goes on sale (if precedent holds on Apple's part which isn't a guarantee). The Galaxy Note 5 first broke cover on August 13, 2015 and went on sale on August 21. With last year’s Note 7, Samsung moved the dates up even earlier, unveiling the ill-fated phone on August 2 ahead of an August 19 launch. LG is also expected to announce its new V30 smartphone in the coming months, perhaps at the annual IFA trade show in Berlin at the beginning of September. The latest Note 8 rumors point to a device with a 6.3-inch bezel-less display (similar in design to what’s found on the Galaxy S8 and S8+). The handset may also carry a dual-camera setup with a 12-megapixel wide-angle shooter alongside a 13-megapixel telephoto lens and it’s entirely possible that Samsung could integrate its fingerprint sensor under the phone’s glass. Like the Galaxy S8 series, the Note 8 will also likely adhere to Samsung’s new eight-point battery validation procedure. Mockup via Muhsin M. Belaal Auckburaully Related Reads Samsung wants iPhone users to trial their new Galaxy Note 5 Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 4 and curved-display Galaxy Note Edge at IFA Samsung may launch Galaxy Note 5 several weeks early to beat new iPhone to market 1 comment 157 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… New Galaxy Note 8 leaks show off features new to Samsung phones OnePlus 5 set to launch June 20, this is what it will look like Motorola Z2 Play launches along with four new Moto Mods Product Finder scores 91 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus SM-G955 90 Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950 Popular 9 comments Galax GTX 1070 Katana: Single-slot, Air-Cooled Graphics New Galaxy Note 8 leaks show off features new to Samsung phones Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 43 Galaxy Note 7: The death of a smartphone 11 Which phone is the best now in the world? 12 Webmasters - Do you know Ad Maven? 238 The seductive nature of the Internet [comic] 10 Serious Apple question Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple iphone right to repair Apple will make its secretive iPhone screen repair machine available to hundreds of third-party repair centers Conceding to 'Right to Repair' bill or a sign that a more fragile all-glass iPhone is coming? By Jose Vilches on Jun 7, 2017, 10:15 AM TechSpot Apple is reportedly looking to install its proprietary "Horizon" machines in about 400 external repair centers across 25 countries by the end of the year in order to reduce waiting times for iPhone screen replacements and other related issues. This means you’ll be able to get an Apple-sanctioned repair for a broken iPhone screen at retailers like Best Buy and other authorized repair centers. The move is a major shift for Apple, which earlier this year opposed new 'Right to Repair' legislation that would require them and other electronics manufacturers to sell repair parts to consumers and independent repair shops, and require them to make diagnostic and service manuals available to the public. Apple told Reuters that legislative pressure was not a factor in its decision to share its technology. Instead, the company says that repair wait times have grown at some of their busiest retail stores, and that they are trying to expand their reach. Pilot testing started over a year ago and there are already a few machines operating at third-party repair centers in the Bay Area, London, Shanghai and Singapore. This will be especially welcome in countries where Apple doesn’t have an official retail presence, and authorized resellers sometimes have to ship units back to the U.S. for the trickiest fixes such as problems related to technologies like 3D Touch and the Touch ID sensor. As Reuters explains, for security reasons only Apple’s machine can tell the iPhone's processor to recognize a replacement sensor, without it things like unlocking with your fingerprint and authenticating Apple Pay purchases just wouldn’t work. While this is good news for consumers, another less optimist theory going around is that Apple is anticipating the rumored glass sandwich design of the next iPhone to break more easily. As noted in our recent review, the Galaxy S8 also features a glass sandwich design, and repair shops are calling it the most fragile phone ever made — not that they don’t welcome the extra business. A few days ago we also reported that Apple is making its 3D Touch calibration tool available to third party repair shops, although at the time this was believed to be in its early stages and only available to three shops. Nevertheless the changes are a boon for the repair industry. Related Reads Chinese regulators say design of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus violates patent Apple unveils its first official battery case for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will likely ditch the '5' and arrive as the iPhone SE 8 comments 60 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Apple has paid developers over $70 billion since 2008 App Store launch Intel's Core i7-7740K overclocked to 7.5GHz using liquid helium Samsung Galaxy Note 8 details leak, expected to ship ahead of iPhone 8 Popular 9 comments Galax GTX 1070 Katana: Single-slot, Air-Cooled Graphics New Galaxy Note 8 leaks show off features new to Samsung phones 33 comments Kaspersky says Microsoft is disabling its anti-virus software in favor of 'inferior' Windows Defender solution 8 comments Intel's Core i7-7740K overclocked to 7.5GHz using liquid helium Load Comments 8 ... User Comments: 8 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 My Mac Laptop Hates only my home internet and freezes due to it 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple apple icloud Apple drops 2TB iCloud storage price to $9.99, adds family sharing for 200GB and 2TB plans Apple brings iCloud costs down for families buying storage subscriptions for members individually By Jose Vilches on Jun 7, 2017, 1:15 PM TechSpot Cloud storage has been getting cheaper over time and while free tiers still get you just a few gigabytes, nowadays you can get as much as 100GB for a couple of bucks or 1TB for $10 per month. But one thing that’s always been a nuisance for me — at least with Dropbox and iCloud — is that you can’t share that with other family members and paying separate subscriptions for 1TB each is overkill. Today Apple is simplifying its iCloud storage plans to address that: The 1TB storage option has been replaced for the 2TB tier at the same $9.99 per month price point. Pricing for Apple's 50GB and 200GB iCloud storage plans remains unchanged, at $0.99 and $2.99 respectively. This puts Apple's value ahead of competitors like Google Drive and Dropbox at that storage level, although if you need more than that you are still better off with Google Drive and Amazon’s Cloud Drive. In addition to the bump in storage, those on the top two paid storage plans — 200GB and 2TB — now get to share it with up to six family members. This further brings costs down for families who were paying for each member’s iCloud plan individually and had plenty free storage left unused. Apple's 2TB plan at the new price level is available now and anyone previously subscribed to the 1TB plan has been automatically upgraded. Family Sharing will only be possible with iOS 11 and macOS High Sierra, both of which will ship to the general public this fall. Related Reads iWork for iCloud beta open for everyone, even those without an Apple device Apple aware of iCloud attack, says servers were not compromised Apple releases iCloud Drive for Windows, Mac users have to wait until Yosemite is out 1 comment 59 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Apple will make its secretive iPhone screen repair machine available to third-party repair centers Apple has paid developers over $70 billion since 2008 App Store launch Popular 9 comments Galax GTX 1070 Katana: Single-slot, Air-Cooled Graphics New Galaxy Note 8 leaks show off features new to Samsung phones Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 My Mac Laptop Hates only my home internet and freezes due to it 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Future iPhone's will use 5nm Chips to Support AR, AI, Deep Learning and Provide Power for Days | Main | A new 3D Mapping Invention from Apple could be used in connection to a Future UI that Recognizes Gestures » June 07, 2017 Industry Insiders Claim Apple working on their Augmented Reality Headset that will Indeed use a Micro-LED Display   Patently Apple first talked about a possible Apple headset or advanced-vision system using Micro-LED as far back as February 2016. On May 24 we posted a report titled "Interest in Micro-LED Displays is Exploding as Test Runs are Reportedly Scheduled by Apple in 2017 and Others in 2018." In an earlier report that month we also reported that Samsung was seeking to join the Micro-LED display race with a new Micro-LED acquisition. Facebook had acquired a Micro-LED company as well. The trend is that those who are interested in headsets are gravitating toward this kind of display. It's a display that is power efficient using only 10% of what another kind of display like LCD would use which would extend game play or general usage as an accessory for say an iPad or iPhone.   Now a new report out of Japan claims that Apple plans micro-LED displays for wearables, exactly what we reported on many moons ago. The difference of course is that the Nikkei has "industry sources" telling them it's so.   According to the report, "Apple is planning to adopt advanced micro-LED display technology in its wearable devices, industry sources say, with one suggesting that could happen as soon as 2018.     The source went so far as to say that "Apple is working very hard to foster the micro-LED technology and that the company could push the use of new display tech as early as next year. At this point, Apple is the only company who is able to roll out micro-LED, a technology that is still at an early stage of development, and cover the high costs incurred by the low yield rate.'   One of Apple's key facilities dedicated to the development of micro-LED technology is in the Longtan district in the northern Taiwanese city of Taoyuan, the person added.   Another executive working within the Apple supply chain confirmed that Apple will be adopting micro-OLED for wearables, although he could not say when.   The key affiliates of Key iPhone assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry, or known as Foxconn Technology Group, invested in an American micro-LED startup eLux this past May.   In the end it's great that more publications Like the Nikkei are catching on to a trend that we've been covering for over sixteen months now. Very litte was new other than an "industry source" is telling them it's coming. You read the full report here.   The encouraging news about a possible headset from Apple was given life when they introduced Augmented Reality at their WWDC event on Monday. This was a game changer development unfolding.   A demo by Peter Jackson's new AR content company called Wingnut AR showed how an AR game could play merging a household table and an iPad. The augmented reality based game was nothing short of mind blowing. It was all created using an advanced version of Apple's new ARKit for developers.   Yet realistically, who wants to hold up an iPad for hours playing the game when it could be projected to a nice relaxing headset. Ah, and now we begin to understand how this could unfold.   In another development we reported last weekend Apple was granted a design patent for Siri logos in two styles. Apple also upgraded their international patent claims to include "Smartglasses."   Earlier this year in a second update to their headset patent, Apple specifically added that the headset would be available in two viewing modes. There would be normal and close-up modes. The second mode was for augmented reality. Apple noted that the second mode occurs "when the cellular telephone is connected to a head-mounted device."   Later the patent states: "wherein the processor is configured to overlay the captured image over a portion of the image based content in the second mode," which of course is describing augmented reality.   In April TSMC hinted that 7nm processor would be in volume by 2018 that would support "new and innovative features for smartphones including VR, AR, context-aware computation, AI" and more. So a headset could definitely be on tap once 7nm chips are made available supporting AR. Most definitely, interesting times are ahead.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 07, 2017 at 05:17 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Vice Chairman has a Scheduled Meeting with Apple Executives this Week Apple's iPhone 8 OLED Panel Production begins at Month's End A new 3D Mapping Invention from Apple could be used in connection to a Future UI that Recognizes Gestures Industry Insiders Claim Apple working on their Augmented Reality Headset that will Indeed use a Micro-LED Display Future iPhone's will use 5nm Chips to Support AR, AI, Deep Learning and Provide Power for Days The Premier Episode of 'Planet of the App' Aired Last Night Exclusively on Apple Music Apple Changes Tune, will have 400 Display Repair Machines in Third Party Establishments by Year's End Apple's CEO Welcomed Michelle Obama for a Fireside Chat at WWDC 2017 Apple's CEO admits to Assisting the UK Government with Recent Terrorist Investigations Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Sensors Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 London attack Manchester terror attack Cork Marathon 2017 Fine Gael leadership Lions Tour Home»Business Apple to make iPhone repairs easier for users Thursday, June 08, 2017 Stephen Nellis Apple customers will soon have more choices as the company looks to reduce long wait times for iPhone repairs at its retail stores. By the end of 2017, Apple will put its proprietary machines for mending cracked iPhone glass in about 400 authorised third-party repair centres in 25 countries. Among the first recipients is Minneapolis-based Best Buy, which has long sold and serviced Apple products. The electronics retailer already has one of the screen-repair machines at a Miami-area store and one coming soon to an outlet in Sunnyvale, California. Fixing cracked screens may seem like small potatoes, but it’s a multi- billion-dollar global business. The move is also a major shift for Apple. The company previously restricted use of its so-called Horizon Machine to its nearly 500 retail stores and mail-in repair centres; and it has guarded its design closely. The change also comes as eight US states have launched “right to repair” bills aimed at prying open the tightly controlled repair networks of Apple and other high-tech manufacturers. Apple said legislative pressure was not a factor in its decision to share its technology. Until now, Apple had never formally acknowledged the Horizon Machine’s existence. The initial rollout aims to put machines in 200, or about 4%, of Apple’s 4,800 authorised service providers worldwide over the next few months. The company plans to double that figure by the end of the year. “We’ve been on a quest to expand our reach,” said Brian Naumann, senior director of service operations at Apple. He said repair wait times have grown at some of the company’s busiest retail stores. Pilot testing started a year ago. In addition to Miami, a few machines already are operating at third-party repair centres in the Bay Area, London, Shanghai and Singapore. Shops in some countries where Apple has no retail presence will also be early recipients, including locations in Colombia, Norway and South Korea. Apple would not say how much its partners are paying for the equipment. Apple says its customers can get their devices fixed at non-authorised shops without voiding their warranties as long as the technician caused no damage. But the Horizon Machine is needed to remedy the trickiest mishaps, such as when the fingerprint sensor attached to the back of the glass gets damaged when a phone is dropped. For security, only Apple’s fix-it machine can tell the iPhone’s processor, its silicon brain, to recognise a replacement sensor. Without it, the iPhone won’t unlock with the touch of a finger. Banking apps that require a fingerprint won’t work either. Reuters READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS apple, iphone © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Providence shares soar on back of ‘super major’ deal Uber facing UK tax row ECB faces another tough decision OECD warning on new house price bubble Breaking Stories Enterprise Ireland announce €1.5m competition for start-up businesses Boston Scientific to invest €17m in new Galway endoscopy design facility Eurozone economy grows more than expected 'Emergency measures' needed to solve chefs crisis, say restaurants Lifestyle The Beatles are back with remastered 'Sgt Pepper's' Long and winding musical road A QUESTION OF TASTE - Ciara Higgins 11 things I never knew about flying ... until I became a flight attendant More From The Irish Examiner Nuns at polling stations is an election quirk to rival #dogsatpollingstations The person who set this Times crossword is the hero we need right now Meet some of the glorious dogs at polling stations as UK goes to polls Watch this hero jump through the window of a moving car to help the driver who was having a seizure Woman lets alpaca into her house to escape the rain, goes utterly viral Man at centre of viral tornado picture gives first Irish interview Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Call of Duty WWII to feature new Divisions System Apple's Planet of the Apps launches Lotto Results Wednesday, June 07, 2017 4 9 17 20 23 33 19 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories 120 people, mostly military families, feared dead after plane goes missing Man asks match to leave mid-way through first date and we're still cringing Man guilty of assault in row over breastfeeding Man killed in suspected hit-and-run named locally DPP to get file on death of young mother Anger as gang of up to 10 terrorises the people of Killorglin Dr Una May hits back at Eamonn Fitzmaurice claims Gardaí search Co. Cork house in connection with missing woman investigation Latest: Man arrested in Wexford is released; Gardai to get third more armed response officers Taxpayer faces €10,000 bill to put the A back in Lahinch NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Padraic Maher claims Tipp players opt to laugh off ‘ridiculous’ rumours Lions feeling Blue as chaos abounds and discipline fails LIFESTYLE The Beatles are back with remastered 'Sgt Pepper's' Long and winding musical road     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet David Nield Jun 8, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple fieldguide ios ios 11 Share Earlier this week Apple took the wraps off iOS 11 coming later this Fall, but lengthy as its WWDC keynote was, there was nowhere near enough time to mention all of the features coming down the pipe. We've got the beta up and running — here are the best goodies heading your way that Apple didn't mention. Apps are now label free in the dock. (Image: Gizmodo) Built-in screen recording Image: Screenshot Screen recording is useful for everything from sneakily capturing your friends' Snapchats to uploading tutorials to YouTube, and while it hasn't been too difficult to do on iOS in the past, with iOS 11 it's built right in — you no longer need a spare Mac with QuickTime. The new tool, called Screen Recorder, appears if you customise the shortcuts in the revamped Control Center via Settings. Tap the red button to start recording, and the title bar to stop recording, and then the video is saved to your camera roll as normal. Instant Wi-Fi sharing Just about everyone loves Wi-Fi, and iOS 11 is going to make it easier for you to share your wireless connectivity with friends and family, with no need to spell out passwords. However, you all need to be using iOS 11 devices for the trick to work, as 9to5Mac has found. The process needs to be initiated by someone turning up with an iOS 11 device that's not connected to the Wi-Fi — if that person tries to connect, then other iOS 11 devices already hooked up and close by get a prompt to share access (basically the Wi-Fi password). A one-handed keyboard Image: Screenshot iOS has now joined Android in offering a built-in one-handed mode for the default keyboard: It means if you've only got one hand free to tap out a message, then the keys become a bit easier to hit, especially if you're using one of the larger iPhones models. To find the option, press and hold on the globe or emoji icon to the left of the space bar, then choose the left or the right configuration. The arrow that appears in the blank space lets you return to the normal keyboard mode when you're back to two-handed operation. QR code scanning A bunch of early iOS 11 testers have noticed that the updated Camera app is going to come with the ability to read QR codes, just in case you come across any on your travels. The QR code reader in iOS 11 knows when it’s a WiFi network and offers to join. pic.twitter.com/pCHwGi1abF — Dayton Lowell (@daytonlowell) June 5, 2017 If you've never actually seen a QR code in the wild they're actually pretty useful. They can do stuff like give you access to Wi-Fi networks, share your contact details with someone else, send you to a particular website, or prove your ticket is valid for whatever gig you've shown up to. FLAC media playback One thing that has made the super music obsessive wary of iOS is the lack of FLAC support. FLAC, or Free Lossless Audio Codec, is an audio format that has zero compression. According to music lovers, compression can lead to loss of quality in music playback. You might miss the squeak of a finger across a guitar string or the lower registers of a bass drum. While Apple has maintained it's own lossless audio format, Apple Audio Lossless Codec, since 2004, the big majority of lossless music available is FLAC based. According to a savvy redditor iOS 11 now supports FLAC playback. It's still not available in iTunes or the music player specifically, but if you have any FLAC files hanging out on your iCloud drive you can simply tap to play them. App offloading Image: Screenshot Deleting apps that are gathering dust is useful for reclaiming storage space and generally keeping your iPhone or iPad running smoothly, but before iOS 11 appeared, deleting apps also meant erasing the settings and other related data for an app. Not so any more. If you go to iPhone Storage from the General menu in Settings, you can tap on an app then use a new feature called Offload App — this seems to delete everything but some key settings. Apple has also included an option to "offload" rarely used apps automatically. Extra app access to NFC As Engadget spotted, with iOS 11 Apple is opening up access to the NFC chip inside the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, along with (presumably) future iPhones — for users that should mean more of their iOS apps able to tap into the wonders of Near Field Communication. Think mobile payments, but also hotel room access, or instant one-tap access to a Wi-Fi network (Android users have been playing around with NFC tags for years of course). In some cities you can even use NFC devices to pay your subway fare. It's difficult to say exactly how this new functionality will play out, but with Apple now embracing NFC it's definitely one to keep an eye on. Typed Siri queries Image: Screenshot A bunch of Siri upgrades are to be expected whenever a new iOS rolls around, but hidden away in the Accessibility menu under General in Settings for iOS 11 is a new Type to Siri option: When Siri is launched, you can type out your question rather than speaking. Obviously this is aimed at those who can't speak out commands normally, but it's handy for anyone who's in a quiet (or loud) space. By the way, you can already type commands into Siri in iOS 10, but you need to tap on a previous (spoken) query and then edit it. Restricting app location tracking Keeping tabs on your location is one of the most invasive permissions an app can ask for, even though a lot of them need it to function properly, and at the moment it's only possible to turn location tracking on or off for a particular app (or off altogether on iOS). In iOS 11 there's a new option which allows location tracking, but only while the app is being used, which means more privacy and more battery life for users. To take advantage of it, open the iOS Settings, select the app you want to deal with, then pick Location. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments B-ob @beeawwb Jun 8, 2017, 10:52am In iOS 11 there's a new option which allows location tracking, but only while the app is being used, which means more privacy and more battery life for users. Uhhh.... that option already exists in iOS10...? I'm looking at it right now in Privacy->Location Services->[App Name] Reply 0 gunnie @gunnie Jun 8, 2017, 11:57am From what I gather all apps will now have the option for "While using the app" in IOS11, not all apps currently have this option in IOS10. Reply 0 B-ob @beeawwb Jun 8, 2017, 12:08pm Maybe all apps will have all 3 (Never, While Using, Always) options? I'm going through my list and the vast majority have "Never" and "While Using". A much smaller amount have all 3, while a smaller still amount have "Never" and "Always". Reply 0 Em Lee Guest Jun 8, 2017, 12:05pm Not the case for Uber. It's either all in or nothing so this is a welcomed option in iOS11 Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing Uber has been accused of exploiting a VAT loophole to avoid paying £40 million in tax every year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Cookies at Which? We use cookies to help improve our sites. If you continue, we'll assume that you're happy to accept our cookies. Find out more about cookies OK Skip to main content Skip to search Technology Technology TV & home entertainment TV & home entertainment Televisions Sound bars Home cinema systems PVRs & set-top boxes TV DVD combis Aerials Blu-ray DVD players Internet TV boxes TV providers Editor's picks Best Buy TVs The very best TVs you can buy, including LED, 4K and HDR models from the big brands. Best Buy sound bars Upgrade your TV's sound with one of these fantastic, easy-to-install sound systems. Best Buy internet TV boxes Enjoy catch-up TV, on-demand films and apps with one of these superb streaming boxes. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation Computing Computing Cloud storage tools Laptops Printers All-in-one PCs Antivirus software packages Tablets Ebook readers Wireless routers Shredders Broadband deals Broadband providers Editor's picks Best Buy laptops The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens. Best cheap laptops for under £500 You don't need to spend a fortune to get a great laptop. Best Buy printers Top-quality machines that turn out fast, high quality prints and won't cost a fortune. Get things done Which? Computing magazine Take a trial to the UK's best-selling computing magazine Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpline for jargon-free technical support. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Digital cameras Digital cameras Compact cameras Bridge cameras DSLR cameras Camcorders Action cameras Editor's picks Best Buy digital cameras Take photos you'll want to share with one of these top-quality compact cameras. Best Buy bridge cameras These brilliant bridge cameras take five-star photos in all types of lighting conditions. Best Buy action cameras Whether you're snorkelling or cycling, these are the action cameras worth buying. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Audio Audio Radios Headphones Mini hi-fi systems Wireless & bluetooth speakers Record players and turntables MP3 players Editor's picks Best Buy headphones Enjoy crystal clear sound and well-balanced bass from the best headphones we've tested. Best Buy radios Find a radio with crystal-clear sound that makes tuning in to your favourite stations a pleasure. Best Buy speakers Make the most of your music with one of these fantastic wireless and Bluetooth speakers. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Phones Phones Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Nuisance calls Mobile phone providers Editor's picks Best Buy mobile phones The best smartphones we've tested, with sharp screens, snappy processors and long-lasting batteries. Apple iPhones vs Samsung mobiles Not sure whether to buy an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy? Our lab test results will tell you which is best. Best Buy cordless phones Top-quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Car technology Car technology Sat navs Dash cams Editor's picks Best Buy sat navs Get from A to B quicker with these super sat navs from brands such as Garmin and TomTom. How to buy the best sat nav Expert buying advice to help you cut through the jargon and find your perfect sat nav. Best Buy dash cams Avoid buying a dud dash cam by choosing one of these brilliant Best Buys. Get things done Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Find out about the Which? Car Survey Discover how feedback from 60,000 UK drivers helps us steer people to the most reliable cars. Wearable technology Wearable technology Fitness trackers Smartwatches Fitness watches Editor's picks Best Buy fitness trackers Discover the best activity trackers you can buy, from brands such as Fitbit and Garmin. Best Buy smartwatches From smartphone notifications and messaging to activity tracking, these watches do it all. Smartwatch or fitness tracker Use our interactive tool to help you decide whether you need a smartwatch or a fitness tracker. Get things done Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband deals Mobile phone providers TV providers Broadband providers Broadband speed test Editor's picks Best broadband providers We reveal the best, and worst, broadband providers, based on feedback from thousands of customers. Best mobile networks overview We reveal what mobile phone users really think of their network - use our results to choose the best network provider. Best TV streaming services Expert buying advice, plus in-depth reviews of Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Sky Now TV. Get things done Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpdesk for jargon-free technical support. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Smart homes Smart homes Smart home hubs Wireless security cameras Smart thermostats Home automation explained Editor's picks Best Buy wireless security cameras The best smart security cameras we've tested, from brands such as Nest, Belkin and D-Link. Best Buy smart thermostats Keep your home warm and your energy bills in check with one of these Best Buys. Get things done Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - energy Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Home & garden Home & garden Home appliances Home appliances Cleaning Cleaning Dishwashers Carpet cleaners Cordless vacuum cleaners Handheld vacuum cleaners Robot vacuums Steam cleaners Vacuum cleaners Refrigeration Refrigeration Fridge freezers Freezers Fridges Cooking Cooking Built-in ovens Freestanding cookers Range cookers Hobs Cooker hoods Microwaves Halogen ovens Laundry Laundry Washing machines Tumble dryers Washer dryers Editor's picks Top five best cheap washing machines Bag a bargain Best Buy washing machine with our experts' pick of the cheapest on test. Best Buy vacuum cleaners The latest Best Buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless. Tumble dryer buyer's guide Vented, heat pump or condenser? We explain the different types of tumble dryer, with expert advice on choosing the right model for you. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Heating, water & electricity Heating, water & electricity Electricity Electricity Solar panels Batteries Light bulbs Electric blankets Smart meters Rechargeable batteries Energy companies Feed-in tariffs Renewable heat incentive Switch your energy supplier Energy monitors Water Water Best shower brands Water-saving shower heads Heating & cooling Heating & cooling Heating oil Boilers Electric heaters Dehumidifiers Electric blankets Air conditioners Smart thermostats Carbon monoxide detectors Wood burning stoves Boiler servicing contracts Underfloor heating Home heating systems Cutting your energy bills Wind turbines Renewable source heat pumps Home grants Ground source heat pumps Air purifiers Editor's picks Best Buy Boilers We reveal the top-rated boiler brands based on our exclusive surveys of owners and heating engineers. The cost of installing a boiler The cost of installing a boiler is often more expensive than the boiler itself. We reveal what you need to know. Dehumidifiers buyer's guide Our expert guide explains how to choose the right dehumidifier for your home. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Shopping grooming & wellbeing Shopping grooming & wellbeing Personal care Personal care Electric toothbrushes Blood pressure monitors Bathroom scales Sun creams Dentists Opticians stores Laser eye surgery Best painkillers SAD lamps Health accessories Shaving & haircare Shaving & haircare Electric shavers Hair dryers Epilators Beard trimmers and hair clippers Shopping Shopping Best and worst shops Best food and drink Supermarkets Toiletries shopping Black Friday Electrical stores and electrical websites Pet food Editor's picks How to choose the best shower What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models. How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Best Buy electric toothbrushes The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous labs test. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Garden Garden Gardening tools Gardening tools Strimmers Lawn mowers Chainsaws Hedge trimmers Pressure washers Leaf blowers Garden shredders Secateurs Lawn tractors What to grow What to grow Best vegetables and salad Grow your own Gardening through the year Gardening accessories Gardening accessories Mini greenhouses Barbecues Compost bins Controlled release fertilisers Lawn feeds and weeds Compost Greenhouses Sheds Cat repellents X-hose and other expandable hoses Artificial grass Editor's picks Best Buy lawn mowers Don't get lumbered with an awkward-to-use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead. Hedge trimmer buyer's guide This expert guide explains the different types of hedge trimmer, plus how much you need to spend. Best Buy pressure washers We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Gardening Helpdesk Find simple solutions to your gardening questions. Small appliances Small appliances Food preparation Food preparation Kitchen knives Bread makers Stand mixers Blenders Toasters Hand blenders Hand mixers Ice cream makers Food processors Fryers Steamers Slow cookers Spiralizers George Foreman grills Small kitchen appliances Unusual kitchen gadgets Drink preparation Drink preparation Coffee machines Filter coffee machines Kettles Blenders Juicers Caring for your clothes Caring for your clothes Steam irons Sewing machines Garment steamers Editor's picks Best Buy coffee machines Don't buy a coffee machine without consulting our list of recommended models. Best Buy food processors Discover which food processors and mini choppers have earned our Best Buy recommendation. Find the best kettle Best Buy kettles are the fastest and quietest you can buy Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Home improvements Home improvements Renovating your home Renovating your home Fitted kitchens Bathrooms Loft conversions Conservatories Insulation Furniture & fittings Furniture & fittings Burglar alarms & home security Smoke alarms Best mattress brands Best shower brands Double glazing Mattresses Wood flooring Electric showers Mattress toppers Duvets Pillows DIY & home maintenance DIY & home maintenance Drills Damp Screwdrivers Sanders Jigsaws Circular saws Best DIY stores and DIY websites Cleaning products Cleaning products Washing-up liquid Dishwasher tablets Washing powder and laundry detergent Fabric conditioner Carpet stain removers Best cleaning products Limescale removers Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy supplier Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home & property Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Staying independent at home Staying independent at home Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Stairlifts Assistive technology Adjustable beds Hearing aid providers Bath aids Mobility aids Editor's picks How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Buying and installing a stairlift Discover the average price you should expect to pay for a stairlift and how to get financial help to buy one. Best Buy mobility scooters We've road-tested popular mobility scooters to uncover the best for comfort and ease of driving on different surfaces. Get things done Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on health Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money Money Insurance Insurance Health insurance Car insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Home insurance Dental insurance Legal expenses insurance Income protection & PPI Funeral plans Wedding insurance Editor's picks How to get cheap car insurance Follow our eight steps to drive down the cost of your cover. Best and worst home insurance See which policies come out top based on cover and customer satisfaction. Travel insurance company reviews We've scrutinised 196 policies to find out which companies combine good cover with great customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - insurance Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Tax Tax Income tax Saving on tax National insurance Capital gains tax Inheritance tax Tax credits & benefits Council tax Tax calculator Editor's picks Tax calculator Our easy-to-use tax return tool helps you calculate your annual tax bill, offering tips and tricks to save money, and you can submit your return direct to HMRC. Inheritance tax Find out the latest rules about inheritance tax and how to plan ahead Tax credits Understand the system and what you could be entitled to Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - tax problems and complaints Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Mortgages & property Mortgages & property First-time buyers Home movers Mortgages Buy-to-let Renting a home New-build homes Scottish and Northern Irish property systems Overseas property Editor's picks Mortgage calculators Find out how much you can borrow, what your monthly repayments will be and more. Getting a mortgage Choose a broker, boost your chances of being accepted and compare deals like a pro. Buying a home Understand the entire process, from viewing properties and making an offer to having a survey done and moving in. Get things done Get a great mortgage deal 0800 316 4154 Find the best deal with independent advice from Which? Mortgage Advisers. Get conveyancing support Stay on top of the process with expert guidance and fixed fees. Compare mortgages Search our comparison site for today's best available mortgage deals. Credit cards & loans Credit cards & loans Credit cards Loans Credit scores Debt and how to deal with it Editor's picks Your credit report explained Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters. Tips to finding the best credit card The credit card market is vast and varied. Understand which type of card is right for you. Get things done Compare credit cards rates Find the best credit cards for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Pensions & retirement Pensions & retirement Starting to plan your retirement State pension Company pensions Personal pensions Options for cashing in your pensions You're retired – working on, benefits, equity release Retiring abroad Long term care Which? Elderly Care Editor's picks The state pension Find out when you'll qualify for the state pension and how much you're likely to get The best income from your pension pot Get to grips with the different ways to turn your pension pot into an income. Do you want an annuity, income drawdown, lump sums - or a combination? Calculate and compare income options Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown? Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - pensions Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Savings & Isas Savings & Isas Savings accounts Isas Editor's picks The different types of savings account Understand the pros and cons of your savings options, from instant-access accounts to fixed-rate bonds. How to find the best cash Isa With interest rates lower than ever, use our guide to find a competitive account. Cash Isa rules and allowances Understand all the ins and outs of Isas, including how much you can save and what restrictions they have. Get things done Compare savings accounts and Isa rates Find the best savings accounts and Isas for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Investing Investing Learn how investing works Stock and shares Isas Types of investment Fund supermarkets Financial advice Editor's picks Are you ready to invest? Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets. Do you have the right safeguards in place? How to invest in a stocks and shares Isa Understand your options for tax-efficient Isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions? Fund supermarkets: compare customer satisfaction Choose the right investment broker for your needs with our unique ratings: we sort the best from the worst on a range of measures, from value for money to customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Wills & probate Wills & probate Power of attorney Probate Passing on your money Which? Elderly Care Editor's picks Writing a will Find out how to make a will, either on your own or with the help of a professional. Grant of probate Discover how to get a grant of probate and how the process works if you're doing it yourself. Setting up power of attorney Understand the costs and the forms you'll need to fill in. Get things done Write your will online Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable. Get expert legal advice on probate Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Banking Banking Current accounts Student and graduate bank accounts Switching your bank Best bank accounts Banking security and new ways to pay Editor's picks Best and worst banks Choose the right bank for your needs with our unique customer-satisfaction rankings. Best banks for dealing with fraud Find out how your bank compares when it comes to handling fraud claims. How safe is online banking? Understand how scammers attempt to access your bank account - and how to protect yourself. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money-saving tips Money-saving tips Budgeting Saving money Getting a great deal Making money Broadband deals Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants Editor's picks 50 ways to make money Learn how you could pocket an extra £1,000 this year with our comprehensive guide to boosting your finances. Best personal finance software Discover the software packages that are best at helping you manage your money. 10 tips for finding cheap train tickets From splitting your ticket to timing your booking right, find out how to cut the cost of your journey. Get things done Switch energy company Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Baby & child Baby & child Baby transport Baby transport Pushchairs Baby carriers and baby slings Child car seats Multimac Baby sun shades Travelling with children Editor's picks Top 10 best child car seats Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit. Best Buy pushchairs Our lab tests and panel of parent testers have revealed the strollers, travel systems and all-terrain buggies that won't let you down. How to buy the best baby carrier or baby sling Expert tips for buying a carrier that keeps you and your baby safe and comfortable. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Nursery & feeding Nursery & feeding Feeding and changing Feeding and changing High chairs Breast pumps Formula milk Baby feeding products Baby changing bags Potty training Nappies Baby wipes Nursery Nursery Baby walkers Baby bouncers Nursery lighting Playpens Nursery furniture Bath and bedtime Bath and bedtime Cot beds Nursery blackout blinds Baby baths Cots Moses baskets and cribs Travel cots Getting baby to sleep Cot mattresses Pregnancy and birth Pregnancy and birth Tens machines Packing for the birth Apps for parents Which? Birth Choice Editor's picks Best Buy high chairs These Best Buy high chairs are sturdy, durable, easy to clean and have useful features, such as effective foot rests. Choosing infant formula milk Which? helps you choose the best formula milk for your child and making bottle feeding easier. Best Buy breast pumps Say goodbye to uncomfortable minutes spent expressing milk. Our tests have revealed the best easy-to-use breast pump models. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Child safety at home Child safety at home Baby monitors Stair gates Digital thermometers Baby safety equipment Head lice and nits Calpol and pain relief Trampolines Editor's picks Best Buy baby monitors These top-rated baby monitors won't let you down when you need them most. The best nit and head lice treatments Head lice leaving your kids scratching their heads? We've surveyed parents to find out which nit treatments work best. How to choose the best stair gate We help you choose a safe and easy-to-fit stair gate in this expert buying guide. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Shopping & family finances Shopping & family finances Shopping for your baby Shopping for your baby Baby products you need Second hand baby kit Shopping for a new baby Best deals on baby products Family finances Family finances Tax credits & benefits Working parents Working parents Childcare Maternity leave Editor's picks Free and cheap baby stuff What to expect when you are expecting - in the way of freebies and cheap baby-themed goodies. Parents' 10 most useful baby products Parents vote on the most useful baby kit - plus the so-called essentials that will just gather dust. Childcare costs Returning to work? Discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Cars & travel Cars & travel Cars Cars Car reviews Car reviews Estate cars City cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Small cars MPVs Sports cars Convertible cars Luxury cars Fuel-efficient cars Most reliable cars Car brand reviews Car brand reviews Mercedes-Benz Audi Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda BMW Nissan Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen All car brand reviews > Choosing a car advice Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car Car buying tips Choosing between petrol & diesel How we test cars All car advice guides > Car ownership advice Car ownership advice Which? Car Reliability Check Driver calculators & tools Best car tyre brands Best car breakdown cover How to find a good garage All car advice guides > Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track. Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Travel Travel Travel essentials Travel essentials Suitcases Cabin bags Travel money Travel health Transport & accommodation Transport & accommodation Airlines and airports Trains Car hire UK hotel chains Consumer rights: flights Consumer rights: car hire Outdoor clothing & accessories Outdoor clothing & accessories Binoculars Outdoor clothing Outdoor accessories Planning your trip Planning your trip Tripadvisor Planning a cruise Travel agents Editor's picks Best Buy suitcases We pack them, drop them, pull them and carry them so you can find a Best Buy that won't let you down. Best and worst car hire There are some awful car hire companies, according to our survey. We reveal the best and name the ones to avoid. Airlines and airports Find out the airlines loved by their passengers, and see ratings for comfort and value for money. Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on travel Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Know your rights - travel Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Campaigns Campaigns Safeguard us from scams Fraud is now at record levels - we are urging the government to take the lead and ensure companies safeguard us all from scams. Better banking We don't think banks always treat their customers fairly. Join our campaign to have banks held to account for their customer service. Challenging Whirlpool Whirlpool’s fire-risk dryers continue to pose a potential threat to people’s homes. Join us in challenging Whirlpool to sort this mess out quickly. Train hell Our railways are plagued by delays, cancellations, overcrowding and poor train conditions. Sign our petition to demand better. Fix bad broadband Are you getting the broadband speed you were promised? Use our tool to find out. Better pensions New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions. Nuisance calls and texts Plagued by nuisance calls and texts? Use our tool to report the culprits. Fair energy prices Do you think you pay a fair price for your energy? If in doubt sign our petition. Public service complaints Ever feel like your complaints to GPs or care homes are being ignored? Fuel claims Car makers are claiming fuel figures that are miles from the truth. Sign our petition for car tests you can trust. Fees and charges Do you feel tricked by sneaky fees and charges? Sign our petition to help us put a stop to this practice. Get your voice heard Which? Conversation A community website to share your views on the consumer issues of the day. Consumer Rights An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong. All Campaigns Which? Campaigns Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action. Services Services Consumer advice Consumer advice Consumer Rights Which? University Which? Birth Choice Which? Elderly Care Money Helpline Which? services Which? services Which? Trusted Traders Which? Mortgage Advisers Which? Legal Conveyancing Which? Wills Which? Switch Which? Money Compare Which? Probate Member exclusive Member exclusive Which? Local Computing Helpdesk Gardening Helpdesk More from Which? More from Which? About us About us About us About us What we do & how we work Help / FAQ Press office Which? Policy Which? Consumer insight Which? Directory Careers Contact us Which? membership Which? membership Benefits of being a member Log in News & community News & community Latest news from Which? Which? Conversation Search My account Log in Sign up News All news All news Home & garden Technology Money Baby & child Cars Travel Consumer Rights Technology iOS 11 waves goodbye to iPhone 5 and 5c Apple's new mobile operating system introduces a number of new features and upgrades, but if you have an old iPhone, you may get left behind By Tom Morgan 8 Jun 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email Arriving in the autumn, Apple’s free iOS 11 update won’t be supported by the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5c, so it might be time for some owners to consider an upgrade. At this week’s WWDC, Apple’s developer event that is typically used to showcase its new software, it confirmed a range of new and improved features in the latest version of its mobile operating system – iOS 11. However, long-time Apple users may not be too pleased to hear that older iPhones will no longer be supported – along with nearly 200,000 older apps. Read on for our run-down of the new features, and find out how you might be affected. Thinking of upgrading? Our Best Buy smartphones will tell you which Apple iPhones and rival models deserve a place in your pocket. iOS 11: what’s new? App Store redesign Apple’s online store, home to millions of apps, has been redesigned from the ground up. The new version will do a better job of recommending apps and games that you should take a look at. It will include expert suggestions, curated roundups and new ‘Today’, ‘Games’ and ‘Apps’ tabs that make exploring the vast library a little less daunting. Siri gets smarter Right now, Siri can’t really compete with Google Assistant, which does a better job of handling questions and remembering your previous voice searches. That might be about to change, however, as Apple has announced a new, ‘smarter’ Siri. This update will add various features to the AI helper including translation and Personal DJ, which recommends music to listen to based on what you like the most. Siri on iOS 11 will sound more natural than before, a nice bonus if you don’t like having instructions shouted back at you by a robot. Even more features added to Control Center Phone settings such as screen brightness, volume and wi-fi signal are all found inside the Control Center. On iOS 11, the page is customisable. You can add a button that turns on wi-fi-enabled lights in your dining room, for example, or a button that tells people you’re driving if they text you during a journey. Pay friends using Apple Pay If you’re a regular Apple Pay user, you’ll be pleased to hear that you can now transfer cash to friends and family. You can get it sorted right through the default Messages app, as long as you have a credit card paired with your iPhone. Simply type out the amount you want to send a friend in a text message, tap the number and hit Pay. Job done. Maps makeover Indoor guidance will gradually be rolled out to Apple Maps, so you’ll spend less time scratching your head in the middle of the shopping center wondering where the Apple Store is. Apple says that major airports will all be covered by the new Maps feature, great if you need quick directions to your terminal. That’s not all for Maps, though. The latest version is also being treated to a Lane Guidance system that will tell you what lane to stay in before you make a turn. Just how good the instructions are remains to be seen, but we’re keen to try it out later this year. Older iPhones no longer supported Apple has chosen to end support for devices that run on 32-bit processors, so that means that the 2012 iPhone 5 and 2013 iPhone 5c miss out on iOS 11. These older devices are outpaced by newer models with 64-bit processors, which can cope with more data at once. If you’re still using an iPhone 5, iPhone 5c or and iPad 4, you won’t be able to try out the latest iOS features, and more importantly your device won’t be patched by security fixes. In the coming months, the redesigned App Store will block out downloads that only run in 32-bit. This could mean around 187,000 apps will no longer be supported – so iPhone users that have stuck diligently to their old favourites may need to find alternative solutions elsewhere. You may be able to check to see which are affected if your phone is running either iOS 10 or iOS 11 through the Settings menu. Browse to General, About, Applications and look for the ‘App Compatibility’ section, where you should see any outdated apps. Time to upgrade your iPhone? If you’re still using one of the soon-to-be unsupported smartphones, now is a great time to upgrade. Over on Apple’s website, you can pick up the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 for around £350, or a 6s for £499 Sim-free – less if you shop around and consider a second-hand model. We’ve reviewed the iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus so you can see how they compare. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are the latest Apple smartphones to make their way back from our test lab. They’re even pricier, but both handsets run on Apple’s A10 chip, making them noticeably faster than the iPhone 6s. Photography fans might want to consider the iPhone 7 Plus, which features dual 12Mp wide-angle cameras. Click here for our iPhone 7 review and iPhone 7 Plus review. To see which of Apple’s iPhone’s is our highest-scoring model, see our smartphone reviews page. Categories: Technology Tagged as: 5c Apple iOS iPhone iPhone 5 iPhone 5c iPhone 6 iPhone 7 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email More on this Apple iPhones rated Apple iPhone vs Samsung Galaxy mobile phones The best smartphones of 2017 Related articles Apple updates its iPad, iMac and MacBook ranges Posted on 8 Jun 2017 Computing Motorola’s Moto Z² Play is the latest modular smartphone Posted on 8 Jun 2017 Technology Google Chrome to start blocking intrusive ads Posted on 7 Jun 2017 Computing All Technology news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email Back to top Follow Which? on Facebook Follow Which? on Twitter Subscribe to Which? on YouTube Follow Which? on Google+ RSS Feed Contact us Which? Directory Accessibility Terms & conditions Privacy Cookies MSA statement Which? works for you © Which? 2017
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Do these leaked iPhone 8 drawings reveal the phone's final design? Elyse Betters8 June 2017Phones @VenyaGeskin1 Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment With all the excitement of WWDC 2017, you may have momentarily forgotten Apple is also working on new iPhones. We've seen several leaks on Apple’s next-generation iPhones at this point. Rumors about the iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, and iPhone 7S Plus have been popping up at a feverish pace within the last few months, with the latest leak suggesting Apple has finalised plans for its new phones. We event get a look at their finished designs. Twitter user @VenyaGeskin1 has revealed the finished designs of both the iPhone 8 and the iPhone 7S Plus. He posted drawings of the designs and claimed that mass-production of Apple’s next-generation iPhone models is now underway. But he's done this before, and it appears the design of the iPhone 8 has changed in his leaks. Apple made a pair of sneakers once and now you can buy them MacOS High Sierra: What's in the new software for your Mac? Over the past few weeks, however, he has been sharing a single design obtained from an unnamed source. This latest drawing shows an iPhone 8 design that matches up with existing rumours. The phone is about about the same size as Apple’s iPhone 7 but fits in a 5.8-inch OLED screen with narrow bezels around all sides. @VenyaGeskin1 The iPhone 8 is expected to have a vertically dual-lens camera on the back - and that is pictured in the drawing. Geskin posted a second drawing to show the design of Apple’s new iPhone 7S Plus, as well. Once more, it look like the existing iPhone 7 Plus and seems to be in line with the current crop of leaks. It's important to maintain some skepticism over these drawings, but nevertheless, they're fun to look at and question. For more information about Apple's next iPhones and what they'll most likely feature, check out Pocket-lint's round up. #iPhone8 & #iPhone7SPlus Latest drawings. Mass Production Started. Three new iPhones this year. pic.twitter.com/sm3b5agkms — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) June 7, 2017 Sections Apple Phones Apple iPhone Source: @VenyaGeskin1 Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Apple iOS 11: 11 new features coming to your iPhone and iPad Best upcoming smartphones: The future phones of 2017 Best Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Do these leaked iPhone 8 drawings reveal the phone's final design? Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus: What's the story so far? HTC U11 review: Flagship glory, with a gimmick squeezed in How the Huawei P10 Plus and Watch 2 make light work of a busy day Google Pixel phones could get Android O in August, earlier than usual Samsung Galaxy S8 Arctic Silver will be an EE exclusive, pre-order yours from 23 June Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? These Galaxy Note 8 images allude to on-screen fingerprint sensor and dual-lens camera Is this the OnePlus 5? Phone design revealed in super-clear image OnePlus 5 launch event: When is it and where can you watch it? Apple iPad Pro 10.5 vs iPad Pro 9.7: Should you upgrade? Apple iPad Pro 10.5: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Apple 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display (2017) preview: Bright and powerful How Android Wear 2.0 puts the Huawei Watch 2 ahead of the competition Do these leaked iPhone 8 drawings reveal the phone's final design? Monument Valley 2 review: Beautiful yes, but is it worth £5? YouView piloting Alexa support for TV boxes, change channels using voice-control Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) vs Apple iPad Pro 12.9: What's the difference? How Xbox One backwards compatibility works: The Xbox 360 games list and more Xbox Project Scorpio: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/why-paypals-not-scared-of-apples-latest-payment-tech-1496858436 Hot Stocks Why PayPal’s Not Scared of Apple’s Latest Payment Tech As Apple debuts peer-to-peer payments, Venmo-owner PayPal says it welcomes the development. By Emily Bary June 7, 2017 2:00 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Venmo is integrated into iMessage, but soon Apple will introduce its own peer-to-peer payment functions built into the native messaging app. Illustration: Venmo A big part of PayPal’s recent success has been creating smart alliances with larger competitors. Most notably, the company stopped warring with Visa and Mastercard soon after its split from eBay. That decision has been a boon for business. PayPal was able to fend off attacks from the card giants, but it now has a new challenge coming from the world’s largest company. Apple announced Monday that it would integrate its own peer-to-peer payment functions into iMessage in its next mobile operating system. The move basically pits Apple directly against PayPal’s Venmo. How PayPal and Square Can Thrive Abroad Everything is Clicking for PayPal You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 PayPal sounds unconcerned about Apple’s latest move. “We welcome any development that helps people address the awkwardness of dealing with cash when paying friends or family back,” a company spokesperson told Barron’s Next via e-mail. “The news that more financial institutions and companies will be introducing similar services will only bolster the central role of smartphones in our day-to-day lives.” Apple and PayPal have had a seemingly cordial relationship to date. PayPal has talked about the companies’ partnership in the past. Venmo is already integrated within iMessage, and PayPal technology helps power some in-app purchases made via Apple Pay. The company said it would “continue to work with Apple” in a variety of ways. As for whether you’ll still be able to use Venmo in the next version of Apple’s iOS, the PayPal spokesperson said: “We have no indication that Venmo’s iMessage integration will be altered with the release of iOS 11.” The millennials who love using Venmo may not stray from the “cool” service they’ve grown accustomed to using. (Venmo has a social component where you can see who your friends paid as well as hints of what they paid for, and that’s something Apple Pay won’t have.) But given that Apple’s peer-to-peer platform will be built into all phones running iOS 11, it’s likely to have an easier time attracting users well beyond the early-adopter set of millennials. Big Picture: PayPal has managed competition well in recent years, but it’s about to get a new challenge from Apple in the form of peer-to-peer payments. Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular Why Pandora Tanked Today Tesla’s Annual Meeting: What You Need to Know One Number That Should Trouble Snap’s Investors How to Build a More Fashionable Nike Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Adam Clark Estes Jun 8, 2017, 9:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple consumer tech iphone iphones mind the crack right to repair video feature Share Have you ever been to the back room of an Apple Store? That's a trick question, because the back room at the Apple Store is a mythical place, filled with elves, warlocks, and a magical machine that fixes iPhone screens. At least, it was until this week. Photo: Flickr / Faris Algosaibi Apple just revealed that it's going to start shipping its magical iPhone-repair device — it's called a "Horizon Machine" — to other Earthly places, such as Best Buy in the US. A company executive told Reuters that it would install about 400 of these microwave-sized gadgets at third party retailers' repair shops in 25 countries by the end of the year. It should be highlighted that this news represents the first time Apple has ever confirmed the existence of the mysterious device. The famously secretive company even let Reuters snap a few photos of the thing. (You see the photos here.) At this point you're probably wondering what the enchanted Horizon Machine actually does. You might assume that you slide a broken phone into a slot, press a button, hear a ding, and a good-as-new phone pops back out the slot, the kind of process we were promised in endless episodes of The Jetsons. You may think that we finally deserve such a marvel and that, if anybody were to build something so miraculous, it would be Apple. You could believe this. But you'd be wrong. In fact, all the Horizon Machine does is calibrate the new screen after a human being does the actual replacement. Here's Reuters' description of the disappointingly mortal play-by-play: Once the new screen is mounted, the iPhone goes into the Horizon Machine, which allows Apple's software to communicate with the fresh hardware. Over the course of 10 to 12 minutes, the machine talks to the phone's operating system to pair the fingerprint sensor to the phone's brain. While that unfolds, a mechanical finger jabs the screen in multiple places to test the touch-sensitive surface. The machine also fine tunes the display and software to match the precise colours and calibration of the original. Kind of lame, right? Well, the real bright side is that Apple's getting more comfortable with letting third parties repair its precious devices. The Cupertino company now says that it won't even void your warranty when you get your phone fixed at an unauthorised repair shop "as long as the technician caused no damage". Good luck with that. The move comes on the heels of increasingly long wait times for repairs at Apple Stores, as well as the movement for the right to repair. Reuters' report also landed just two days after news emerged that the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) was suing Apple over misleading customers about their rights. Obviously, pulling back the curtain on its once ultra-top secret (and ultimately disappointing!) Horizon Machine doesn't undo years of Apple punishing customers for repairing their own gadgets by voiding warranties and causing headaches. It's kind of cool to see at least one of the machines Apple keeps in its chimerical workshop of miracles, though. Makes you wonder what else is in the back room. Is it goblins? It's definitely goblins. [Reuters] Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing Uber has been accused of exploiting a VAT loophole to avoid paying £40 million in tax every year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: Cheap TVs, 40% Off Phones, Dick Smith EOFY Sale How Much Money You Need To Make To Move To Your Dream US City Apple Just Added One More Way To Repay Your Friends 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY Home Make A Super Bomb Onion Dip Without A Mix Add Used Tea Bags To The Bottom Of Pots To Feed Plants How To Follow Donald Trump's Tweets Without Following Donald Trump Lumo Energy Fined By ACCC For Misleading Customers, Again Entertainment E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones How Apple's New Siri Speaker Compares To Sonos And Echo Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Travel Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Stop Saying 'Rate Of Speed' Travel Hacker: How To Plan The Perfect Travel Itinerary This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Health Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule We Can Be Easily Tricked Into Liking Bad Wine 16 (Effortless) Ways To Be A Better Person Design Learn Game Animation With These Pixel Art GIFs Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists Work Productivity I'm Katia Beauchamp, Birchbox Co-Founder And CEO, And This Is How I Work  Getting Things Done, Ten Years In How To Self-Publish A Book Change Your Screen To Greyscale To Combat Phone Addiction Communicate Six 'Secret' iPhone Codes That Unlock Extra Features Your NBN Connection Might Be Getting A Speed Boost 9 Books Everyone Should Read Before They Turn 30 Apple's New MacBooks And iMacs: Australian Pricing And Release Dates Organise Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions How To Save Storage Space On iOS 11 Briefly: EB Games Sales, Australian Survivor 2, Creepy Wonder Woman Briefly: Lifeguard Video Test, Target's Game Sale, Bitcoin Price Surge Career How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader We're Hiring A Publisher At Allure Media Ask LH: How Can I Learn To Work With A New Boss? What It Takes To Be A Kickarse Car Designer At Just 23 Business Travel Engineers Are Not Mechanics US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Security When It Comes To Ransomware, It's Sometimes Best To Pay Up Protect Your Data By Using Single Sign-On Whenever Possible  Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? Small Business & Startups How To Take Advantage Of The $20,000 Small Business Tax Break Five Life Lessons You Can Learn From Successful Corporations Free Report Download: Best Practices For Salespeople In The Social Era Elevator Pitch: DisruptSports IT Pro Cloud Dropbox Announces Local PoP For Performance Boost OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud IT Career Apply For A Job In 8 Seconds When Is It Worth Keeping A Job You Hate? Working With A Mentor Is A Process, Not Just An Accomplishment How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions IT Security Kaspersky Expands Legal Battle With Microsoft Over Anticompetitive Behaviour How Modern Printer Technology Outed An NSA Leaker Britney Spears Instagram Used In Cyber Attack The ACDC Act: Should You Be Allowed To Hack The Hackers? Developer Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off GitHub Enterprise 2.10 Adds New Dev and Project Management Tools Was There Anything For Developers At WWDC? .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster Deployment 5 Things You Need To Do To Prepare For A Media Interview Apple Expanding Screen Repair Program With More Horizon Machines Catch Group Readies For the Amazon Onslaught IBM Deliver Massive Power In Tiny Package Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Lovehacker: My Boyfriend's Hair Fetish Is Tearing Me Apart How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY Apple Expanding Screen Repair Program With More Horizon Machines Anthony Caruana Jun 8, 2017, 9:30am ⋅ Filed to:  accc apple Australian Stories display repairs Share Remember the Apple 'Error 53' issue where iPhones were bricked after having their screen repaired by third-parties? Initially, Apple said the problem was that it couldn’t trust the TouchID sensor hadn’t been tampered with but then followed up saying the build of iOS that caused the issue included a checking feature that wasn’t intended for mass deployment. Apple says the only way the integrity of the Touch ID sensor can be validated is using a machine, they developed, called the Horizon. Over the last year, as reported by Reuters, Apple has been deploying Horizon machines with third parties. This started with a small test at a couple US-based stores but it’s about to expand the program. By the end of this year 400 Horizon machines will be deployed. That just leaves another 4,400 authorised repairers who will be waiting. About 500 Horizon machines are set up in Apple’s own retail stores. Importantly, these are non-Apple owned repair shops. One of the ACCC’s beefs with Apple is that not using Apple to do the repair the warranty is a breach of local consumer laws. This is good news if you have a busted iPhone screen and want to get it fixed. But if you’re the operator of a repair kiosk, then you’re going to be faced with some more competition. WATCH MORE: Tech News Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? Is It Cheaper To Buy The Galaxy S8 Outright Or On A Plan? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones Mark Serrels 08 Jun 2017 9:00 AM One year ago my brother in-law and I made a decision. We wanted to do the right thing. We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones season 5. Analyse that sentence for a second. I’ll add some italics for emphasis. “We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones.” Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Chris Jager 07 Jun 2017 11:30 AM Foxtel has announced a revamped high-definition video streaming service dubbed Foxtel Now - and it's priced competitively with Stan and Netflix. With subscriptions starting at just $10 per month, it's a far cry from the company's prohibitively expensive Pay TV offerings. (In fact, it's actually cheaper than Netflix's HD tiers which start at $11.99.) But what do you actually get for your ten dollarydoos? Does Foxtel Now include Game Of Thrones? Do you still need to add a bunch of additional packs to make it worthwhile? We take a look at the prices, inclusions and your frequently asked questions. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones 2 Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 3 E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Here's the farewell letter James Comey sent his former FBI colleagues after Trump fired him The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Innovation How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations Jun 01, 2017 Podcasts Research Strategic Management North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Subscribe on iTunes! mic Listen to the podcast: Wharton's David Robertson discusses his new book on innovation. http://media.blubrry.com/kw/p/d1c25a6gwz7q5e.cloudfront.net/audio/20170522-KW-RobertsonBook.mp3 Supports K@W's Innovation Content When most people hear the word innovation, they think about Uber, Airbnb and Amazon — disruptive companies that upended entire industries with a radical new way to do business. But Wharton operations, information and decisions practice professor David Robertson argues that this view is too narrow a definition of innovation, and one that is not useful to most companies. In his book, The Power of Little Ideas: A Low-Risk, High-Reward Approach to Innovation, Robertson talks about a more practical way companies can innovate: by focusing on complementary actions around a key product. He teaches innovation and product development at Wharton and is the host of Innovation Navigation, a Wharton Business Radio program. Robertson recently spoke to Knowledge@Wharton about his book. An edited transcript of the conversation follows. Knowledge@Wharton: The inspiration for this book actually came, in some ways, from a can of paint. Why don’t you tell us about that? David Robertson: My previous book was about Lego, and that was a story about a company that figured out that you didn’t want to innovate inside the box — that wasn’t going to get them anywhere — and you didn’t want to innovate outside the box because that almost put them out of business, but rather, around the box. Complementary innovations around a core product — the brick for Lego — was what really led them to their recent success. I got my house painted a couple of summers ago, and the contractor I hired put together a proposal. He helped me choose colors and helped me decide what kind of paint, what things needed painting the most, and how I’d manage on a limited budget. He put together a proposal, and he picked Sherwin Williams paint. I looked at my favorite consumer ratings magazine, and Sherwin-Williams paint is good, but it’s twice as expensive as another paint that’s equally good. So I talked to him, and I said, “Can’t we use this other paint?” And he said, “Well, yes, we could, but it’s going to raise your price.” I said, “I don’t understand, the other paint is half the price.” And he said, “Yeah, but paint is only about 15% of the total cost of your project. I have to think about all the supplies; I’ve got to line up the labor; there’s the overhead of running a company, etc..” He said, “What Sherwin-Williams does is help me though the entire process of working with you, from helping you choose your colors — there’s a Sherwin-Williams color consultant — to figuring out how much paint is needed for the primer, and for the paint itself, brushes, tarps, all the other supplies. Then, during the project, it is keeping me supplied — I can return extra primer if I don’t need it. If I run out of something, that Sherwin-Williams rep will be over at the site, delivering what I need. Then, at the end, he helps me put together that next proposal. Because there’s always a next proposal, as any homeowner knows. I looked, and it turns out within a five or 10-minute drive of my house, there are more Sherwin-Williams stores than there are Starbucks, and that’s because they realized who their customer is. It’s not me. I’m the end consumer, of course, and I’m the one that has Sherwin-Williams paint on the house. But it’s that small business, the painting contractor, [that they focus on]. Sherwin-Williams, like Lego, realized it’s not so much about the product — their product is a can of paint — it’s about their innovations around the product that make that product more valuable. I wanted to write a book for companies that wanted to try this approach to innovation. I don’t argue that there’s one best way to innovate, but it seems like it’s a tool that every innovation leader should have in their tool belt. Knowledge@Wharton: What isn’t being discussed when companies think about innovation, or how they should strategize toward an innovation? Robertson: I interview innovation thinkers, gurus, consultants, executives who have done interesting innovative things, and I continually see this binary view of innovation … — [develop] an incrementally better version of your current product here … or something revolutionary and disruptive, be it some kind of Blue Ocean Strategy thing (creating an uncontested market) or lean startup or disruptive technology, some kind of new and better version of your business. In other words, leaving the old behind and venturing out into new territories. “Sherwin-Williams … realized it’s not so much about the product — their product is a can of paint — it’s about their innovations around the product that make that product more valuable.” To see innovation in that binary way is dangerous. Most people in most companies doing most of the innovation are focused on that current product that needs to become more competitive. Maybe it’s competitively challenged; maybe it has become a commodity, whatever. What I liked about the approach of Lego and Sherwin-Williams was that it was focused on that type of innovation: How do we take our existing product and make it more compelling, make it more valuable for our customers? Knowledge@Wharton: Your book is not saying that in using this ‘third way’ of innovating, we have to throw out things. It’s more about finding the right toolkit to use for whatever your problem happens to be, or to solve your market issues. Are there ways, once you start using this third way, to keep your employees on track? Sponsored Content: Robertson: This book was a hard one to write, because the stuff in the middle is really review. It’s the material at the beginning and the end that’s different. What I lay out in the book is a four-step process. And the first step — what you are asking about — is really the step of answering, “Who are we as a company? What are our crown jewels? What are those things that we did yesterday that we’re going to do today and that we are going to do tomorrow? The things that made our company great, that our customers still depend on us for? What’s our [Lego] brick?” Some companies have many different bricks. Lego was easy. Sherwin-Williams was easy. But there are other companies where it’s more difficult [to find the key product]. But starting small, choosing something important, and then trying to understand what customers are getting from the product is the first step. That is a different step. It’s almost where you’re not going to innovate. What’s going to stay the same? I think that’s a much more stable base to build innovation efforts from. Then, once you’ve done that, it’s understanding what the value is to the customer, what I call “the promise,” that’s the second step. Then you come to the third step, which is the creative idea generation, and there’s lots of different ways to do it. Then, going into some of the prototyping and experimentation to understand whether you have the right ideas, that’s all pretty well-trod territory. I put in some things that are unique to this approach to innovation in the book. But then, it’s the fourth step, and you have to read all the way to Chapter 7. If you’re a company that’s good at product development, developing a better version of your product or service, then you have probably set up roles and responsibilities, and structured processes, metrics, reward systems, that make you very good at that. But that actually prevents this approach to innovation. You have to change some of that, otherwise, you are setting your team up for failure. That last part, about how you change your organization to give your team the chance to be successful, that’s what makes this so hard. “Get a team organized around some product, and give them the freedom to really think more broadly than just about the product or service.” Knowledge@Wharton: You also have to organize your company that way, because if it’s organized toward disruption, you can’t do this. Robertson: That’s right, and it’s why I suggest starting small. Get a team organized around some product, and give them the freedom to really think more broadly than just about the product or service. Rather, give the team the mandate to start thinking about other services, partners, channels to market, whatever, that will really help your customers get more value from the product. That’s something that can be really difficult to overcome in a company. But if you start small, you can show that it’s valuable, and then build up from there. Knowledge@Wharton: Now you also point out — using Kodak as an example — that this is not the answer for every company, for every problem. For example, Kodak probably couldn’t have used the third way to survive the advent of digital photography. Robertson: That’s right. I think of it as another tool in the tool belt that I don’t see people talking about. Knowledge@Wharton: One of the things you talk about in the book is that Lego — back when their fortunes had declined, and they were looking for a way back to growth — first turned to incremental innovation. Then they turned to disruption, and then they turned to this [third way of innovating around the box]. Robertson: I saw that pattern being repeated again and again. I saw it with Apple; I saw it with Gatorade. One of the first things that companies tend to do is … maybe they’ve grown because they came out with a great product. So they do more of that product, and they expand it to new geographies, and the company grows and everything’s wonderful. Then, all of a sudden, that’s not enough. That avenue for growth hits its inevitable end. Then what often happens — what happened at Lego, Apple, Gatorade, etc. — is they keep putting out more versions of the product. Every new variant that they spin off makes less money, but has just as much cost. So profits go down, sales don’t go up, and the whole thing — if you keep doing it — will result in a problem. What happened at Lego — as also happened at Apple, and that happened at other companies — is that they begin to ask this: How can we reinvent the future? How can we reinvent the future of play for Lego or computing for Apple or whatever? And they come out with all kinds of revolutionary disruptive products. And that’s really dangerous. It’s expensive, it’s difficult, it fails a lot. It doesn’t mean you don’t want to try. You absolutely want to try. You have to have somebody looking out there to see what’s happening with technologies, and with competitors, and new low-end, high-tech solutions that could disrupt you if you’re not really paying attention to it. You’ve got to be focused on that. “Steve Jobs was not a disruptor. He was disruptive, but not a disruptor. That may sound like academic nitpicking, but I think it’s really important.” But it’s tough to bet the company on it. It was only when those companies went back to the core product and started innovating around it that they began to have the success that they had. Knowledge@Wharton: A lot of times, when people talk about innovation at Apple, what they talk about is disruption. You argue that it’s the third way that actually came first. Robertson: Yes, and I get a lot of heat for that second chapter about Apple, because I’m arguing that [its late cofounder and visionary CEO] Steve Jobs was not a disruptor. He was disruptive, but not a disruptor. That may sound like academic nitpicking, but I think it’s really important, because it says something about where innovation leaders should look for ideas. Let me go into that in a little bit of depth. Apple, when it came out with the iPod and iTunes in 2001, made major changes in the music industry. Of course, in 2003, when they opened up the iTunes Store, that was a big change. And it opened up the first major digital market. If you’re a music company or if you’re a company making MP3 players, that feels like a disruption. But the point that I try to make in the chapter is that Steve Jobs was not looking to disrupt. You’ve got to go back to 2001 to see that Apple was a company that had focused on the PC market, and had steadily been losing share. I think they had a peak of about 15% in the mid-1990s … and hit a low of 4% market share. Things were really bad at Apple in 2001. Of course, it was the tech crash, so there was less demand, but things were not going well. What Steve Jobs was doing with the iPod and iTunes was he came out — and I urge anybody to go back and listen to his Macworld presentation from 2001, where he shows a picture of a Mac in the middle, and he shows around it a VCR and a digital camera and a CD player and a Palm Pilot — and he said, “Your life is becoming digital. Your pictures are digital, your movies are digital, both the ones you watch and the ones you take. And your music is digital. And in no place is this experience worse than with music. So, we’re going to help you manage your digital life.” And then, he introduces the iPod and iTunes. And iTunes, actually, was a product called SoundJam that he’d acquired the year before and improved slightly, but it was introduced as iTunes. And of course, the iPod was, at that time, an MP3 player. And Steve Jobs, if you go back and read Walter Isaacson’s biography, fought like crazy resisting taking iTunes to the IBM platform, which of course, was necessary. I mean, the customers just demanded it, so he had to. But the purpose of the iPod and iTunes was not to disrupt the music industry, it was to complement the Mac. It was to sell more Macs and to make the Mac more valuable. It was to make it the hub of your digital life. Again, if you’re in the music industry, those feel very disruptive. But Steve Jobs was not looking to disrupt. He was saying, “What is our brick? What’s that center of who we are? It’s the Mac. How can we sell more Macs? Well, by making it more valuable. Well, what do people want? They want to manage their digital life.” And in 2001, that was becoming a real thing. Let’s do that for one area — music — and let’s see whether that can’t sell some more Macs. It really was, I think, a misunderstood case. That is not a case of disruption, not from the standpoint of what was going through Steve Jobs’ mind in 2001. Knowledge@Wharton: What do you think is Apple’s brick today? Would it be the Mac or the iPhone? Robertson: They followed where their customers led them. That iPod, of course, became the iPod Touch, and then it became the iPhone in 2007. Then the App Store opens up in 2008, and there’s this whole system of complementary innovations around the iPhone. Now, of course, they make a lot more money from the small screen than from the big screen. The iPhone has become its own center of a system of complementary innovations. One of those, of course, is the Watch. We will see whether the Apple Watch becomes a third center. It doesn’t look like it is. It looks like Apple is not quite able to execute. One of the things that Steve Jobs was able to do, he had that force of personality that demanded everybody in the company work together to make an insanely great customer experience. “The purpose of the iPod and iTunes was not to disrupt the music industry, it was to complement the Mac.” Well, as the company has grown, and as Steve Jobs is gone, it may be getting harder within Apple to bring together all the different parts of the company to really make that seamless experience. To make it not around one center, but around two or even three, if you count the Watch. I end the book with a story of Disney. Disney is both a great example because they were the first to do this — back in 1937, they were doing this with the first animated feature, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. They also had records, so you could sing along. They had bath salts, so you could smell like Snow White. They had events at the movie theater. The Mickey Mouse Club, at its peak, was bigger than the Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts combined. All those things made the movie more valuable and the whole experience better. But as Disney grew, and — especially during the [CEO Michael] Eisner years, this has been well documented — all those different things became their own business units. So there was the theme park business unit, the movie business unit, the stores business unit, and the TV shows. All those things kind of went in their own direction. And the one that was let go, that lost some of its luster, was movies and telling stories. A lot of the characters in the stories were the things that drew people to Disney World, and to the merchandise in the stores and so forth. And Bob Iger, when he took over for Eisner, realized that. He said, “I had this eye-opening trip in Tokyo, where I looked around, and all the characters that kids were really excited by or interested in were either very old Disney characters, like Mickey Mouse or Donald Duck and Goofy, or the new ones from Pixar.” All the other movies that they had been making — The Princess and the Frog, Bolt — were just a lot of very ho-hum movies that Disney put out. They’d lost that art. So Iger purchased Pixar, and used the management of Pixar to help revive the fortunes of the Disney innovation. Of course, that led to Frozen and some of the other great Disney animated features that we’ve seen, and a revival of the whole system of innovations around it. Knowledge@Wharton: How do you find those ah-ha moments, like when Gatorade realized that athletes were its core audience? Robertson: It starts with that question, ‘What are our crown jewels?’ Lego asked the question, ‘What would the world miss if we were gone?’ And what they found was that people would miss the brick, the plastic brick. … The toys that didn’t have bricks in them were the toys that failed. People felt that if there was no brick, they had no reason to do business with Lego. They’d rather go to Fisher-Price or Mattel or Hasbro. Just asking that question, ‘What are our crown jewels?’ And then, for each of them, what would the world miss if it was gone? Then, going out and talking to those customers and watching them use the product. Watching kids play, or watching a contractor paint a house: That’s what you have to do to understand where other innovations might make that crown jewel more valuable to a customer. The Power of Little Ideas: A Low-Risk, High-Reward Approach to Innovation Supports K@W's Innovation Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 01 June, 2017. Web. 08 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/power-little-ideas/> APA How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, June 01). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/power-little-ideas/ Chicago "How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations" Knowledge@Wharton, June 01, 2017, accessed June 08, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/power-little-ideas/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Innovation How LEGO Stopped Thinking Outside the Box and Innovated Inside the Brick LEGO has built a global empire and become a household name, thanks to the interlocking bricks that its founders developed half a century ago. But the company almost went belly up in the early 2000s due to an innovation binge Innovation Innovation Almost Bankrupted LEGO — Until It Rebuilt with a Better Blueprint After years of booming sales followed by a sudden slowdown, the LEGO Group went on an innovation binge, spinning its iconic plastic blocks into a number of new products and markets. Although its effort produced a few hits, the strategy Sponsored Content Omnichannel 2.0: Delivering a Tailored Experience to Customers Data analytics enables enterprises to delight their customers by delivering customized and integrated omnichannel experiences.   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment Anumakonda Jagadeesh Outstanding article on ideas, innovations and Development. INNOVATION FUND & INNOVATION CENTRES IN ENGINEERING COLLEGES IN INDIA In a broader sense, innovation is important to the advancement of society around the world. New and innovative products can increase the standard of living and provide people with opportunities to improve their lives. Breakthroughs in medicine and technology have significantly improved living standards around the world. Innovation has also lead to significant improvements in the way businesses operate and has closed the gaps between different markets. Innovation in engineering: Innovation in engineering is much more than research and development. It encompasses an end-to-end process, such that it extracts value through implementation. Innovation involves: • creating or generating new activities, products, processes and services • seeing things from a different perspective • moving outside the existing paradigms • improving existing processes and functions • disseminating new activities or ideas • adopting things that have been successfully tried elsewhere Innovation covers the area from minor quality improvements to ‘cutting edge’ products and services. “If we can’t find ways to inspire a generation of engineers with varied skills, this is going to be a principle obstacle for growth in our slowly recovering global economy” said Lidia Brito, Director of the Division of Science Policy and Capacity Building at UNESCO. “A recent UNESCO Engineering Report shows a marked shortage of engineers in many countries. Although the general number of engineering students is increasing worldwide, the proportion who enroll in engineering, as compared to other disciplines, is concernedly dropping. We need hands-on challenges like Fly Your Ideas to motivate young innovators about the potential of engineering in helping to find practical solutions to issues the world may face in the near future.” Such innovation may be under threat from a skills gap that could be hitting the economy hard. It will see high tech companies face a shortfall of 40 million of the skilled workers needed by 2020 and beyond, with aerospace likely to suffer, along with motor and the medical equipment sectors. Charles Champion, Executive Vice President Engineering at Airbus and Fly Your Ideas Patron, says: “These future-focused and disruptive concepts prove that engineering isn’t just about technical skills – it’s about having an innovative mindset and a creative approach. But for our industry to succeed in making aviation carbon neutral by 2020, we need a constant source of fresh and inventive ideas from the innovators of today and those of tomorrow. Our future solutions are here right now – and through projects like ‘Fly Your Ideas’, we are helping them to become a reality for the future.” Innovation is extremely important to a country like India as it is closely related to productivity. Although there are a number of avenues to increased productivity, innovation is the most significant factor. Creativity is seeing what everyone sees and thinking what no one else has thought before,Invention is transforming those new thoughts into tangible ideas Innovation goes even further, involving preparedness to mix with the commercial world to turn novel ideas into products . The expertise of the engineering profession is vital to convert innovative ideas into reality for common use. Many of the comforts humankind enjoys today have been the result of innovative engineers. Examples include electrical appliances, transportation, buildings, telecommunications and urban infrastructure. Innovation and technology have become two inseparable words in the annals of human history. Engineers drive technology and are therefore at the forefront of innovation. In India there were efforts to harness the talent and innovative spirit among people by organisations like National Innovation Foundation(NIF),National Research Development Corporation(NRDC),TePP etc. besides some private initiatives(Spark the Rise) etc. In a vast country like ours these are piecemeal. “The real innovation has to come from the bottom of the pyramid,” he added.” The amount spent for innovation should help to shape the beneficiaries as entrepreneurs. I have a project: Innovation Centres in Engineering Colleges:in India: Engineers are best suited to innovate. Unfortunately most of the Engineering Colleges like Infrastructure facilities(like Good Workshop, Electronics Lab etc). A Project,” INNOVATION CENTRES) in Engineering Colleges can be started under Innovation Fund. Selected Colleges can be provided to start a good workshop and Electronics Lab. This way the Students can undertake innovative projects and come out with good gadgets. Later they can patent them and go for commercialization. This is the best way to spend Innovation Fund so that there will be productivity and promotion of Entrepreneurship. We often talk of Appropriate Technology(AT): it should be: A T ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY AFFORDABLE TECHNOLOGY ADAPTABLE TECHNOLOGY ACCEPTABLE TECHNOLOGY ACCESSIBLE TECHNOLOGY I have a novel scheme to SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FOR THE PEOPLE: Human Resources – Traditional Knowledge and Methods – Great Assets to Developing Countries Ideas float around in bewildering numbers, and scores of designs, ranging from windmills to the spinning wheel, are available ; papers are circulated stating the wonders of intermediate (not innovative) technology what could be done, why it should be done, what must be done, and how the rural countryside can be changed if intermediate technology is implemented. Experts are called from abroad to tell people this. In all this talk, there seems to be no place for the ideas generated by farmers, rural artisans. A stand seems to have been taken that this transfer of technology for the socio-economic regeneration of the rural areas is a novelty for country-folk. But rural communities have survived for generations without any help in ideas and materials from outside. They have developed a low-cost technology of their own, suited to their own particular areas. It would be foolish to overlook and take for granted methods used by farmers and artisans. When a ploughshare develops trouble on the field, when a bullock cart breaks down on the road to market, when a house collapses in a storm, the villager uses materials available in the immediate vicinity to solve his problem. It is the scientist who must see these problems as challenges that must be met if there is to be development in rural areas. It is clear that the villagers and scientists will see the problems of the villages quite differently, and it will not always be true that the projects proposed by the scientists will be meaningful to the villages. If projects are imposed on the villagers, they are likely to be skeptical and may well resist rather than co-operate with the programme. Rural Development Schemes, in the broadest sense, requires first a good sociological approach, and as much psychology as scientific knowledge. After all ‘country means people and not soil’. Problems – People – Solutions Research, Development and Demonstration projects in developing countries have generated a variety of devices and systems for exploitation – for example, solar cookers, wind battery charges etc. In Innovation theory, this is a classic case of technology push, that is, technical solutions looking for a social application. Technology push innovations might of course be adopted if they happen to satisfy a real demand, or are heavily promoted. Success is much more likely, however if the needs, priorities and demands are studied before attempting to introduce a new technology or system. This is the demand pull approach to innovation. Often identifying the right problem is difficult rather than finding a possible solution. People are better judges to identify the problems and since they benefit most by the solutions, they can contribute for finding the best solutions. A novel and innovative scheme is suggested to achieve the above goal. In developing countries the Government can advertise in the media seeking problems from the people in different disciplines like education, health, energy, industry etc. The problems received can be screened, studied and short-listed by a committee comprising government officials, experts, representatives from N.G.O’s etc. The short-listed problems can be re-advertised seeking solutions from people. The solutions received can be studied in detail and the best solutions given awards. To catch a fish the bait should be attractive enough. As such there should be sizeable incentive so that people can devote their talent and energies for finding solutions. As the saying goes ‘Anything can be done for a Dollar’. In this way the creative potential of the people can be tapped to the full and a thought process will be set in motion in the country. In India a general knowledge programme conducted by a Super Star on TV is a roaring success and children, youth and old-all alike have become addicted to get equipped with general knowledge so that they can try their luck for winning fabulous cash prizes. The Author has developed Novel solutions and sustainable technologies for the benefits of bottoms billions like Everybody’s Solar Water Heater, Simple Solar Drier, Safe Drinking Water from Solar Disinfection,Energy Conserbvation in Irrigation pumpsets,Hand operated Battery charger, Multiple Uses of Gas Stove,Pedal operated Washing machine etc., Creativity, Innovation and Invention are the Pillars of Progress. Today in Industry, INNOVATE OR PERISH is the MANTRA. Dr.A.Jagadeesh Nellore(AP) India Recipient Margaret Noble Foundation Seattle Award in Energy Technology. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Home Weather 76° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Live Video WATCH LIVE: James Comey testimony Close Amazon exec: Alexa should be able to talk to Siri Edward C. Baig , USA TODAY , KHOU 5:57 PM. CDT June 07, 2017 In this March 2, 2016, file photo, David Limp, Amazon Senior Vice President of Devices, pushes down on an Echo Dot in San Francisco.   (Photo: AP) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST NEW YORK— Alexa and Siri, rival voice assistants on Amazon's Echo and Apple's iPhone, don’t directly communicate with one another. But the Amazon executive in charge of Alexa and the Amazon Echo said he'd welcome the idea. “You should be able to tell `Alexa, ask Siri X,’” said David Limp, senior vice president of devices at Amazon. “If Apple or Google want to come calling, my phone number is out there, they can call...I don’t know if I can envision it but I hope that will happen on behalf of customers,"  Limp told a group of journalists at the Wired Business Conference Wednesday in New York. Limp has a strong interest in Apple’s entry into the voice-activated, artificially-intelligent infused speaker space, which also includes Google Home and Microsoft's Cortana on the Harmon Kardon Invoke speaker. Apple's $349 Siri-controlled HomePod speaker announced Monday is in direct competition with Amazon's best-seller Echo and related products, like the smaller and cheaper Dot and the upcoming video-enabled Amazon Echo Show. Does Limp think HomePod poses a competitive challenge to Amazon? “From our standpoint, it’s a little different philosophically,” Limp says. Noting HomePod’s “premium” price, Limp points out that that you can place eight of the company’s best-selling Echo Dots in a home for the same price as one new Apple speaker, at least when purchasing the Dots in a three-pack. “When people are starting to spend … hundreds of dollar per speaker, I think generally they’re going to want choice," Limp says. He points out that through through Bluetooth or a “line out” connection, you can connect a Dot to any compatible speaker of your choice. “People’s tastes in speakers are unbelievably personal,” he says. Amazon has a big head start on HomePod, which Apple says won’t ship until December. In the meantime, Alexa keeps building on Alexa’s capabilities or as Amazon refers to them, “skills,” which now number more than 13,000. Asked to reflect on how Amazon figured out that there would be a giant market for an “ambient device” that would listen and respond to you and do so ahead of its rivals, Limp says Amazon “was in a  position where we had a little bit of insider knowledge that maybe others didn’t have.” Seven or eight years ago, he says, Amazon was applying machine learning internally to solve problems. “We gave a rallying cry to the engineers….`think of interesting hard problems that you can use machine learning that would be advantageous to consumers.’” Limp also says that Amazon also saw the emergence of the cloud ahead of other companies.  “Similarly, we went out to engineers and said `imagine a world in the not-so-distant future where you have infinite compute and infinite storage. And if you take off the constraints (with servers, infrastructure and cost) what could you do?’” One of the things they came back with was the thought that “conversational speech was in our future and we could get there.” Switching gears, Limp refused to lend credence to rumors that Amazon is working on a phone for the Indian market, though he said he kind of likes the “Ice” name that has been speculated on. Amazon's previous attempt at a phone, Fire, was a bust. “I think it’s such a big segment that if we could figure out how the right way to differentiate where consumers could have a notable reason to buy our phone if we were to do one, then sure we would do it. It’s how we look at every product,” Limp says. Amazon thought it had that with the Fire phone “We were all confident and bullish and that’s ok... We have to take those risks and sometimes they don’t come to fruition. But I would do it again. In Monday morning quarterbacking I might change some things, but I’d give it a shot again.” Limp discussed ways in which Alexa and Echo continues to improve. Though not perfect, he says Alexa is better at identifying when the Alexa wake word is coming from a television rather than someone in your house who really does want to ask the speaker something. Other recent additions include notifications (“Alexa, remind me at 5:00 I have to pick up the kids), and the ability to name your timers (“Alexa set pizza timer for 15 minutes”). Among the ongoing industry-wide challenges he identifies: the internationalization of such speakers. “It’s hard to get this in every language because you have to get data and train it and even though that’s been available in phones for a long time it’s much harder in these kinds of devices. That’s a place where as an industry we need to get better.” Limp said the recent Saturday Night Live parody commercial on an Echo for Seniors was “the greatest thing you’ve ever seen. Somebody asked me the other day, `did you pay for that?’ I said `no, but I wish I had.’” Limp even said there’s some good product ideas in the SNL sketch. © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Houston dad, pizza shop owner makes emotional public plea Grand jury could hear beating case this week More than 150 marijuana plants seized from vacant home HPD: Woman admits to drugging underage girl to have sex with boyfriend Family warns of "dry drowning" after son dies days after swimming Family praying for charges in Denny's beating Local bar to open early, host watch party for Comey testimony Thursday Army serviceman upset over pricey toll bill Toddler served alcohol instead of apple juice at local restaurant Raw: Attorney releases witness video in connection with fatal beating More Stories WATCH LIVE: James Comey testimony Jun. 8, 2017, 9:02 a.m. John Hernandez case to be presented to grand jury Thursday Jun. 8, 2017, 9:14 a.m. Motorcyclist dies after hitting curb, crashing on E.… Jun. 8, 2017, 4:42 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Missing Kids Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week Eclipse About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville Google hits my $1000 price target three years early By Scutify Jun 07, 2017 12:01 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. Let's do this week's Trading With Cody Subscriber Live Q&A Conference Call at 2pm ET. I'll be ready to rock n roll and I hope you'll call in live to ask questions, kid with me, or otherwise check in. Join me on the phone (Dial-in: 641-715-0700 Access Code: 709981), in the Trading With Cody chat room or just email us your question. I think we've got the next Google or two and another name or two I'll be adding this week or next in that same vein. I was thinking about I'm going to find "the next Google" just like we did the actual Google back the day it came public when I heard everybody talking about Google trying to get hit $1000 per share -- something I'd predicted many years ago. I'm going to go ahead and declare victory at that prediction now that Google has gone up 300% and is within 3% of the price target I put on it seven years ago. As I was launching Trading With Cody back in 2010, Google was close to $250 per share and I constantly explained my vision for how Google would go up 300% in the next few years and hit $1000 per share: Cody Willard says Google's going to $1000 per share Sep 23, 2010 - Well, I also think that Google's going to get to $1000 by 2020. Yes, I'm serious with these bubble-esque type price targets. Here's why. It's crazy to look back at the points I was making then, including what seemed like some crazy predictions about billions of smartphones being sold in the years ahead... Last year I wrote an article looking back at the full decade of analysis I'd written on Google over the years. Interestingly this quote from the top of the article: "Google Alphabet, Apple, Microsoft and Facebook are currently the top 4 most valuable companies in the world. I have to admit that I'm rather proud that I've owned and held onto three of the four for years, long before they were worth hundreds of billions of dollars." Can now be changed to read (changes in bold): "Amazon, Google Alphabet, Apple, Microsoft and Facebook are currently the top 5 most valuable companies in the world. I have to admit that I'm rather proud that I've owned and held onto four of the five for years, long before they were worth hundreds of billions of dollars." And the market caps of all five have gone up significantly since I wrote about why we should stick with these names in that same article. Here's the article from last year: A decade of Google analysis February 2, 2016 by Cody Willard People day trade, draw lines on charts, try to catch a big swing here and there, time the market, read the tape...and they lose sight of what's important with their portfolios - maximizing our upside potential and minimizing risk. I do that by recognizing Revolutionary Trends and investing early in the most Revolutionary Companies (can I trademark this term yet?) on the planet. Google Alphabet, Apple, Microsoft and Facebook are currently the top 4 most valuable companies in the world. I have to admit that I'm rather proud that I've owned and held onto three of the four for years, long before they were worth hundreds of billions of dollars. As a matter of fact, you can see for yourself that Google, Facebook and Apple have been my three largest positions in my portfolio since June 2012 as I'd loaded up on Facebook back after it crashed to the teens after it first came public: June 15, 2012 Latest Positions - Here's a list of my latest positions in approximate order from largest to smallest. I give each stock a current rating from 1 to 10, 1 being "Get out of this position now!" and 10 being "Sell the farm, I've found a perfect investment" (there will never be a 10 rating, because there is no such thing as a perfect investment, of course). Google (8) (Market cap back on June 15, 2012 was $150 billion) Apple (9) (Market cap back on June 15, 2012 was $450 billion) Facebook (9) (Market cap back on June 15, 2012 was $70 billion) I want to focus on Google in particular today because as of this morning, Google, a company that's not even twenty years old, has ridden the Internet and App Revolutions to becoming the most valuable company on planet Earth. I've owned this stock since its IPO and have quite a public record analyzing this company. Remember about a year ago when I was buying more Google common stock and long-dated call options while the stock was below $250 a share? Recall these posts: Trade Alert: Nibbling some names as we analyze the cycles - "Is it time to for this current market pullback to end? Is it time to load up on stocks again for the next swing higher? Let me answer those questions this way - if you've been following our playbook, trimming at highs, managing your overall net long vs net short exposure, and handling your business properly, then you know that it's time to scale into some of our favorite long-term Revolution Investments while leaving yourself plenty of money and time to scale into more over time. I'm doing exactly that today with scaling into more $GOOG common stock." Trade Alert: Buying Spy calls, Google and First Solar - "It's time for another fresh round of tranche buying of a little more GOOG and FSLR common stocks and I'm also going to add a couple call options on the SPY here - buying the calls with a strike price of $186 from November 2014." 4 near-term catalysts for the next stock market crash redux - "I've been getting more cautious and cash heavy of late and while I'm not turning into an outright bear, seeing two of the four bullet points from my own playbook detailing 4 near-term catalysts for the next stock market crash has me wanting to remain a bit cautious and cash heavy. If I didn't own Google as one of my largest positions, that'd probably be the one stock I'd look at starting to scale into." Trade Alert: Scaling into two of my favorite tech stocks - "Last week, I'd noted that I'd want to scale into $GOOG below $490 and into $SNDK below $90. We're here. I'm following my playbook. I'm scaling into about a 1/6th size tranche position in GOOG common stock. This will be my last Google purchase for a while, as I now have what I'd consider a large position in the stock and don't want to commit any more capital to it for now. While I do think it could take a while for Google to get back into favor, I am looking out into 2020 with Android remaining the dominant smartphone and becoming the dominant wearables platform as the primary driver for Google's growth in the next five years." Trade Alert: Buying long-dated GOOG options - "I am buying a small first tranche of call options in GOOG, dated out into January 2016 with strike prices around $540 or higher. Will add a second tranche to this batch if GOOG were to get hit again in the near-term. I'd mentioned I've beenthinking about scaling into some more GOOG exposure and this is the approach I'm taking as I already have some common from much lower prices still." Even better, let's go back to 2011 when Google was at $240 per share: I just bought some slightly out-of-the-money Google calls - "Google's down 3% on the day and it's another one that has the bulls writhing in pain just now. But then again, looking out six months, this company has some huge growth ahead of it, is trading much cheaper than the broader markets and has tons of loaded ammo behind it as its a favorite of the tech shorts once again. And on that note, I also just bought some slightly out-of-the-money Google calls with expiries six months out adding to an existing position. Stick with the play book, stay disclined. Especially when it's painful." And here's my fundamental analysis for Google back in 2011 as outlined in the book I published back then: 50 Stocks for the App Revolution - "One of the truer purer-plays on the App Revolution is Google. Google's Android, while still not nearly as good overall in performance, ease-of-use, and battery-life as the iPhone (I've owned and played with many of each over the last year), has mind-boggling growth ahead of it. And like most of Google's best businesses, it's got huge profit margins, low reproduction and distribution costs, lots of disparate revenue streams and ... did I mention something about growth above? Huge growth. And there will likely be three major platforms battling it out for most of the 1.5 billion app phone buyers in 2010 - Symbian (driven by Nokia), Android (driven by Google) and iPhone (driven by Apple). There will be other platforms, but it's looking increasingly every day that they will be on a much smaller scale - Microsoft and Blackberry and perhaps HPQ's Palm, etc. Nokia's Symbian system will also grow. (Find out how we're trading Nokia in the Revolution Investing model portfolio by reading my recent newsletter dedicated to trading Nokia). The stock's cheap, with an enterprise value now at less than 15-times next year's earnings, when you include the $24 billion plus in cash they have on their balance sheet - nearly $37.50 per share. That'll be closer to $100 billion or so in cash by 2020 and if the company grows earnings at just 15% per year for the next seven years, they'll be earning $90 a share. Throw a 20 multiple on that and add the $100 billion cash and guess where you end up? That's right, $1000 per share price target for Google." I was calling for a 300% gain in the stock when I put that $2000 price target on it back in 2011. (Please note that we adjusted the post-split numbers for Google in my analysis there since they did the two-for-one stock split.) Take a look at how many analysts, retail investors and other people attacked me for my $1000 per share ($2000 pre-split) price target on Google back when I first put that out there. Going back even further, here's some analysis from my old Telecom Connection Newsletter that we used to publish on TheStreet.com from 2006, ten years ago: Telecom Connection Portfolio Round Up - "Google's gone from being a rebellious problem child in Wall Street's eyes to being the punching bag for a bunch of regulatory bureaucrats on Capitol Hill recently. Meanwhile, the company continues to chug along as single fastest-growing company in the history of capitalism in terms of just about any tangible metric you use, including earnings. The stock popped $25 or so in the last week, but it's still a strong buy in my book." Telecom Connection: Telecom Blasts Off - "Now for the buys. I want to double the Google (GOOG:Nasdaq) position. The stock has dropped about 7% since I added it to the portfolio a couple weeks ago. I believe that's an opportunity to add more because business is strong and Google, the single fastest-growing company in history, is likely to show more huge growth this year." I also mentioned Apple which trading for less than $10 per share, split adjusted at that time - "It's time to double the Apple (AAPL:Nasdaq) position as well. The driver for Apple's stock in 2006 is going to be market share in the computer business, and I think the company is likely to double its market share this year. That means it simply needs to take 2-3 percentage points of market share out of 100 percentage points to get to more than 5% total. At 5% market share, I'd expect the stock to trade at more than $100 a share." Or back even further back to 2005 when I joined Aaron Task on his TheStreet radio show to talk about Google and Apple: Feather in Large Caps - "Willard talked about a 'capital glut' in the U.S., which has kept the economy from collapsing. Additionally, technology companies are experiencing an 'incredible profitability boom,' he said. Those factors have contributed to an increase in merger and acquisition activity, which has reduced the supply of stock in the market. Additionally, Wall Street is starved for good growth stories, which is one reason stocks such as Apple Computer and Google have run so much, he said. Willard, who has owned Apple since the stock was in the single digits, is paring his holdings even though he plans to continue holding the stock well into the next several years, he said. Willard's thesis about Apple is playing out, he said, but with the stock up so much, 'I don't want to be a pig.' Commenting on Google, Willard said the stock is discounting earnings so far out into the future that it is bound to trade wildly. But he plans to hold the stock for years to come." And also from 2005, nearly a dozen years ago: Google Quarterbacks This Game - "More than a year ago when Google's market cap was about $40 billion, when Microsoft rolled out its new Internet search engine to much fanfare and selling of Google stock, I penned a column called Google Targets Microsoft With Desktop Search. That was $80 billion of Google valuation and trillions of user searches ago.With Google at a $120 billion market cap and generating billions of earnings now, there's no doubt that Softee (and every other company on the planet) now has Google fully in its sights. But I still believe investors should 'flip it' when it comes to that analysis. Google still has everyone, including Microsoft, on their heels, and Google's on the offensive rather than the defensive. Internet advertising accounts for less than 10% of all advertising sales now. That percentage will be going to 20% in the next few years and will eventually hit 50% and more in the decades to come. Hundreds of billions of dollars are at play here, and there will be lots of winners. Google has been and most likely will continue to be one." So yeah, I am proud of my analysis and even more proud that I've put my money and career where my mouth was, as I've bet big on Google for so many years now. We were able to look past the near-term trading cycles in Google and position ourselves to ride it into becoming the most valuable company on the planet. Last night, Google reported an absolute blow out quarter with strong topline growth and even stronger bottom line expansion, as I'd expected. Stock up 5-10% after hours, also as I'd predicted. The most exciting part of Google's quarter was that revenue growth actually accelerated from last quarter. Gross revenue accelerated for the 3rd straight quarter to +24% Y/Y. Mobile search is exploding in growth for the company and the combination of mobile and YouTube drove Google Sites paid click growth acceleration to 40% Y/Y. Given how large Google's revenue run rate already was, tens of billions of dollars per year, well, so much for the law of large numbers. Let's not waste our time daytrading, drawing lines on charts, trying to catch a big swing here and there, market timing, reading the tape or whatever else people want you to do with your time and money. You do realize that long-term subscribers to my service are probably the only people on the planet who can say they've owned three out of the four most valuable companies as they grew into these behemoths they are today. Let me quote myself from 2005 to wrap up today's report: "Hundreds of billions of dollars are at play here, and there will be lots of winners. Google (and Apple and Facebook and other positions of ours) has been and most likely will continue to be one." I still plan to hold them for years to come. To get started investing in these names or any other Revolutionary Company, I always suggest starting slowly and scaling into 1/3- or 1/4-sized positions and then nibbling a little more here and there over time. And, of course, my mission is to find and invest early in the next three companies to join the most valuable companies on the planet list. Stay with Trading With Cody as we do so. Rock on. Okay, Cody back in real-time June 2017 here. Let's find the next Google or five! But don't feel like you have to rush into find them today. Steady, patient and opportunistic -- that's what we'll continue to be. And be sure to join me for this week's Trading With Cody Subscriber Live Q&A Conference Call at 2pm ET. I'll be ready to rock n roll and I hope you'll call in live to ask questions, kid with me, or otherwise check in. Join me on the phone (Dial-in: #: 641-715-0700 Access Code: 709981), in the Trading With Cody chat room or just email us your question. This article was written by Cody Willard for http://TradingWithCody.com on . This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 Google hits my $1000 price target three years early 2 $ASML Expected To Break Sharply Lower In Coming Week 3 4 Ways a Business Can Find Funding for Growth 4 Strong Bullish Buy Alert On Tenet Healthcare Corp THC 5 Are You Handling Your Drain Cleaning Cable Properly? See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2017 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iOS 11 iMac Pro Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 E3 News iMac Pro vs iMac 2017: what's the difference? iMac Pro vs iMac 2017: what's the difference? By Joe Osborne Apple   Breaking down which new iMac is right for you Shares At this year’s WWDC 2017, Apple made good on its promise that new iMac models would launch this year, but went even further with an iMac Pro, a device shrouded in rumor until now. With not one, but three different iMac models out there now, confusion is inevitable. While the “Pro” moniker might give away who that slick, space gray iMac is for, Apple tends to use that word liberally in distinguishing its various products. Case in point being the 12-inch MacBook and the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro. Plenty of regular consumers – including this editor once upon a time – bought MacBook Pro laptops for the stronger performance in a still thin-and-light package for not much more cash. So, let’s dispel the confusion surrounding whether, if you’re craving a new Apple all-in-one desktop for either work or play (or both), you should pick up a 2017 iMac this summer or wait it out for the iMac Pro this winter.  Price How much each version of the iMac will cost may be simple and powerful enough to steer your decision regardless of what each model is capable of. After all, the difference in their pricing is in the thousands. For starters, the 21.5-inch iMac for 2017 calls for $1,099 (£1,049, AU$1,599) to start, with options beyond that each increasing the price by 200 bucks in all currencies for additional processor clock speed as well as faster storage and discrete graphics down the line. The 27-inch version of the new iMac starts the conversation at a cool $1,799 (£1,749, AU$2,699), again with two additional options for stronger discrete graphics, more processor clock speed and more storage. However, while the jump between the starting model and the next is 200 bills in all currencies, the jump between that and the third option calls for 300 more. As for the 27-inch iMac Pro (the only available size), all we know so far is that it will start – yes, start – at $4,999 (about £3,870, AU$6,680). We’ll get into why that price discrepancy is key when discussing what’s included inside each new iMac model. But, before that, let’s discuss how they differ in look and feel. Design Frankly, the straight iMac and iMac Pro look awfully similar save for a key color choice: the iMac’s silver aluminum to the iMac Pro’s space gray aluminum. Naturally, the iMac Pro’s Magic Mouse and Magic Keyboard come in the same, sweet space gray color that the all-in-one does, and Apple’s showing no signs of a straight iMac in the new color. For the sake of making their differences crystal clear, we’ll stack up the 27-inch iMac against the iMac Pro with the same dimensions. First off, both desktops look deceptively thin from their face, with their girth revealed when viewed from the side, a uniform bulge in each containing their various components. The 27-inch iMac measures 20.3 inches (51.6cm) tall and 25.6 inches (65.0cm) wide while weighing 20.8 pounds (9.44kg). The iMac Pro offers up identical dimensions, however weighs a smidge more at 21.5 pounds (9.7kg). As of this writing, we’re unsure why the iMac weighs nearly a pound more, but suspect it has something to do with the higher-core-count processors and advanced cooling system at play in that machine. Naturally, the 21.5-inch iMac is far smaller and lighter than either of these models, though still with a bulge in the back to house the various internals. As for connectivity, both straight iMac models offer four USB 3 ports, two USB-C ports with Thunderbolt 3, an SDXC card slot, a 3.5mm audio jack and RJ-45 Gigabit Ethernet along with a Kengsinton lock slot. The iMac Pro, however, doubles the amount of Thunderbolt 3 ports and improves the Ethernet port to deliver up to 10Gbps connection. Hardware Now, here’s where the huge discrepancy in price begins to make sense. The 21.5-inch iMac starts with an FHD (1,920 x 1,080) display that can be upped to a 4K (4,096 x 2,304) panel rated for 500 nits of brightness and a P3 color gamut.  Inside, the device starts with a 2.3GHz Intel Core i5 (Kaby Lake) dual-core processor that can be upgraded to a quad-core i5 up to 3.4GHz or even an i7 clocked at 3.6GHz. Storage and memory start with a 1TB, 5,400 rpm spinning drive and 8GB of 2,133MHz RAM, respectively, and can jump to up to 32GB of 2,400MHz RAM and a 1TB Fusion Drive or an SSD as capacious as 1TB worth of space. Graphics on the 21.5-inch iMac start with Intel’s integrated Iris Plus 640 and can be configured with up to an AMD Radeon Pro 560 graphics chip with 4GB of video memory. The 27-inch iMac, meanwhile, comes out of the gate rocking a 5K (5,120 x 2,880) display rated for the same brightness and color gamut as the 4K panel found on the 21.5-inch version. This iMac forgoes dual-core CPUs entirely with a 3.4GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 to start, with options for Core i5 clocked at as fast as 3.8GHz or an Intel Core i7 at 4.2GHz. As for storage and memory, the 27-inch iMac starts with a 1TB Fusion Drive and 8GB of 2,400MHz memory, respectively. The ceiling for both of those parts is up to a 3TB Fusion Drive or a 2TB SSD and as much as 64GB of RAM. Graphics start with an AMD Radeon Pro 570 with 4GB of video RAM and max out at a Radeon Pro 580 with twice as much video memory. Finally, the iMac Pro comes housing the same display as the straight, 27-inch iMac and ditches the Fusion Drives altogether for 1TB to 4TB worth of SSD storage. The system starts with 32GB of 2,666MHz RAM with support for up to 128GB of the stuff. The silicon inside the machine is where things get interesting, with the iMac Pro housing anywhere from a 10-core to as much as an 18-core Intel Xeon processor coupled with either AMD’s Radeon Pro Vega 56 graphics chip with 8GB of video RAM or the Radeon Pro 64 with double the video memory. Which should you buy? Despite Apple’s use of Radeon Pro graphics within the new, silver iMacs, they’re still the Apple all-in-one that you want if it’s purpose is to be your (or your family’s) personal PC. That said, anything beyond the entry-level versions of each model would likely be overkill for the average computer user. Professionals that simply can’t wait until December would be best suited with one of the upgraded iMac models that offer 4K or 5K visuals and those Radeon Pro graphics. The iMac Pro, however, is intended for even a different class of professional. If you’re working in, say, 3D animation, then the iMac Pro is your bag (and hopefully your company is footing the bill). If you’re crazy enough to drop five grand on a desktop like this for the house, you better become an amateur animator, and fast – otherwise you’ll have wasted about $5,000. This time, the Pro version of the iMac is unequivocally for professionals, while the silver iMacs straddle the line between the two use cases. So, home iMac buyers: steer clear of the iMac Pro, and choose your silver iMac wisely based on your needs. What we know about macOS High Sierra, the next iMac interface Related news The best Macs to buy in 2017: Apple's top iMacs, MacBooks and more Microsoft teases Project Scorpio with hidden messages ahead of E3 2017 Android Nougat release date: when you'll get it and everything you need to know Download of the day: Freemake Music Box See more Apple news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 2 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 3 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 4 The best free VPN 2017 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 1 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 2 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 3 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 4 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video US intelligence chiefs decline to discuss Trump contacts Santa Clara company's stolen goods lead straight to suspects, Suspect IDd in fatal East Bay stabbing stemming from brawl on bus Gas station clerk shot in San Leandro during holdup News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA The Latest: Trump to dispute key parts of Comey testimony Presidency hangs in balance in case before Brazil court Claims for US jobless benefits fall by 10,000 to 245,000 The Latest: Grand jury indicts woman in leaked secrets case Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Durant takes over Game 3 finale, makes shots that seal Cavs’ Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Giants waste Posey homer in rare Blach defeat Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Chariot expands in S.F. and eyes Seattle, London, Toronto SFO says it’s investigating claims airport workers were 5 big tech stocks build market euphoria, and jitters High, pizza; virtually better libraries; App Store ratings shift A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Band Aid’ an insightful comedy about a strained marriage The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Wendy Whelan truly a fascinating ‘Creature’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Oakland named a top city for vegans Bay Brews: AB InBev invests in RateBeer, Good Hop turns 3, and Blue Bottle to expand coffee empire on East Coast Peek behind the scenes of one of America's best beer fests, the Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Boy fell in love with BART after surviving brain surgery. Transit Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog SF rents down again year-over-year. Here’s what your money Adorable Glen Park cottage with white picket fence asks $1.295 Midcentury home in Oakland country setting Custom mid-century in Atherton seems to float over redwood Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections https://www.geekwire.com/2017/first-time-apple-will-share-super-secret-machine-used-repair-cracked-iphone-screens/ For first time, Apple will share super-secret machine used to repair cracked iPhone screens Kurt Scholsser, GeekWire Published 3:55 pm, Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Hate those long waits at the Apple Store? Do you have a cracked iPhone screen that needs fixing? Things may change soon. That's because by the end of 2017, Apple plans to put its proprietary machines for mending cracked iPhone glass in about 400 authorized third-party repair centers in 25 countries, company executives told Reuters. Best Buy is one retailer chosen by Apple to receive said machines as the Cupertino-based tech giant frees up the design it once held so tightly. The decision by Apple comes at a time when hoping to gain access to the tightly-controlled repair networks built by smartphone companies. Media: Wibbitz This article originally appeared on GeekWire.com. Don't drop your iPhone while reading this news, but Apple is planning a major shift when it comes to the repair of cracked screens on its devices. In an exclusive new report, Reuters says the tech giant will put its proprietary machines for making repairs into third-party businesses for the first time. Until now, Apple has closely guarded its Horizon Machine, only allowing them in its nearly 500 retail stores and mail-in repair centers. But screen repair is a multi-billion dollar global business, and Reuters reports that the change comes as wait times at Apple stores increase — as does pressure from several U.S. states with "right-to-repair" bills. While many of us have sought out the cheapest remedy for an all-to-common problem, fixing cracked screens goes beyond just the glass, in some cases, Apple says. The Horizon Machine is needed when the fingerprint sensor attached to the back of the glass gets damaged during a drop of the phone, Reuters reports, adding that only Apple's device can tell the iPhone's processor to recognize a replacement sensor. Without it, the iPhone won't unlock with the touch of a finger. More news from GeekWire:  Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Cracked iPhone screen in San Francisco, California, on wednesday, may 11, 2016. Cracked iPhone screen in San Francisco, California, on wednesday, may 11, 2016. Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Image 2 of 2 This Apple iPhone has a cracked screen after a test drop.﻿ This Apple iPhone has a cracked screen after a test drop.﻿ Photo: Ben Margot, STF For first time, Apple will share super-secret machine used to repair cracked iPhone screens 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Google exec: New Seattle building 'is going to be basically Google Cloud' NASA introduces a dozen new astronauts with Vice President Mike Pence's blessing Tesla CEO Elon Musk touts Semi truck and solar power during freewheeling Q&A Portland approves first wood high-rise building in U.S. with 12-story project called Framework Apple, which refuses to say where the machines are made or by whom, told Reuters in an exclusive look at the repair process in a Cupertino, Calif., lab, that the aim is to make it look like the phone just came out of the box. The initial rollout aims to put machines in 200, or about 4 percent, of Apple's 4,800 authorized service providers — such as Best Buy — worldwide over the next few months, Reuters reports. The company plans to double that figure by the end of the year.   Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS SF rents down again year-over-year Ghost Ship convictions might be a tall order Uber CEO has started meditating in Uber's lactation room Phil Collins hospitalized after hotel room fall Santa Clara firm's stolen goods lead straight to suspects Oregon's shameful history as an 'all-white' state Fox News host tears into Trump: You're the problem Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Durant takes over Game 3 finale Did LeBron and Cavs violate concussion protocol? Draymond: Cleveland loves to hate him Thompson and Love went 'dancing' memes Historic photos of climbers on Mount Rainier Half Dome cables are up, trail already busy Oakland named a top city for vegans Oakland zoo unveils $13M restaurant and gondolas Sign of changing Mission: dim future for bar’s neon beacon New building for nonprofits OKd in Mission TODAY'S TOP PICKS Rich Parents of Instagram flaunt over-the-top lifestyles Humpback whales return to NYC for first time in a century The fastest selling cars in 2016 Most Popular 1 Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead 2 S.F. Zoo visitor saw 2 victims of tiger attack teasing lions 3 Nevertheless, Kamala Harris Persisted: Senator Told to Pipe... 4 Horoscope for Thursday, 6/08/17 by Christopher Renstrom 5 Did LeBron and the Cavs violate the NBA's concussion protocol? 6 Fox News host tears into Trump: News media is not your problem... 7 Klay Thompson and Kevin Love went 'dancing' during Game 3 and... 8 When Portland banned blacks: Oregon's shameful history as an... 9 Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns 10 Teens invent straw that detects date rape drugs, win business... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo What we do Who uses WARC Explore Awards WARC 100 News & Opinion Webinars Case Finder Topics Contact us Log in Get a demo Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up War on intrusive ads could change web News, 08 June 2017 Topics Ad blocking NEW YORK: With both Google and Apple taking steps to introduce ad blocking features to their browsers, the tech giants are not only addressing the current concerns of users but also potentially changing the way the web works. Apple has added an ad tracker blocker for its Safari web browser as part of a series of updates of its desktop OS, while Google has confirmed that updates to its Chrome browser early next year will block the most annoying ads that currently plague consumers. Firefox and Opera also offer such features but with Chrome and Safari accounting for two thirds of global browser usage, they are now becoming mainstream. Wired observed that these developments "represent a shift in the way web browsers work", explaining that they were moving from a passive role to an active one. "That means publishers will have to rethink not just their ads but their assumptions about what readers do and don't see when they visit their pages," it said. Apple, for example, is not just blocking cookies to reduce tracking but is also giving users the option to display only the main content of a page. "It means that a page's code could soon act more as a set of suggestions for how browsers should present its content, not a blueprint to be followed as closely as possible," Wired noted. "That doesn't just change the way companies have to think about ads. It changes the relationship between reader and publisher—and between publishers and browser makers." Makers of adblocking software, meanwhile, are sanguine about Google's limited move to block certain ad formats – it is not planning on endangering its main revenue stream – arguing that not only does it not go far enough to meet consumer concerns about intrusive ads but does nothing to meet their worries about tracking and malware. Data sourced from Wired, TechCrunch, Wall Street Journal; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Indian Motorcycle taps 'old-school' tactics News War on intrusive ads could change web News The three drivers of customer satisfaction in home improvement News Aussie adland fails to understand ordinary people News WARC Awards: Effective Content shortlist announced News China is mobile marketing trailblazer News CMO priorities shift as media ecosystem hits 'peak complexity' News How Coca-Cola delivers insight at speed View more News and Opinion More from WARC Why we should welcome ad blocking Ad Blocking: Who Blocks Ads, Why and How to Win Them Back What we know about ad blocking Get a demo Topics Ad blocking 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Press Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker TL;DR Apple This vintage pair of Apple sneakers is being auctioned off for $15,000 New, 12 comments If that’s your sort of thing by Dani Deahl@danideahl Jun 7, 2017, 6:13pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Image by Heritage Auctions Apple dabbled in making clothing once upon a time. From the mid-‘80s through the early ‘90s, the brand catered to their fandom with the most exquisitely time-frozen clothing and accessories, in campaigns full of oversized sweatshirts, popped collars, and a whiff of American Psycho. One of the most coveted items Apple produced during this time was a pair of branded sneakers, which Heritage Auctions is planning to list on eBay on June 11th with a cool starting price of $15,000. The white vintage sneakers feature the rainbow Apple logo and are especially rare as they never left the prototype stage and were only given to employees. The apparent mint (or near-mint) quality of this particular pair, then, squarely puts these sneakers in unicorn territory. There are always brand loyalists who will bite at anything Apple-related, but considering the ‘90s are currently having a major fashion moment — Gap, for example, recently revived its classic ‘90s collection — it seems like an apropos time to test the (very expensive) waters. Heritage Auctions says the estimated value of the kicks are actually $30,000 but really, they’re worth what someone will pay for them. There’s a good chance the auction will reach that threshold, though, as Apple memorabilia is infamous for being costly. Last year, another private vendor sold a leather jacket Steve Jobs wore for $22,000. No big deal. Next Up In TL;DR Watch SpaceX’s most recent beachside rocket landing in 4K 7 things we learned from Elon Musk’s Tesla shareholder meeting Pix2Pix is another good web tool for making horrifying autofill images This is Not Porn has been digging up rare celebrity photos and debunking fakes for seven years GE made a music video about ‘energy and the flow of it’ A $29 holster for the iPad Pencil might be the most Apple product ever Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal Time to check you don’t have auto-renew turned on Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest The Vergecast reports back from WWDC by Andrew Marino Pokémon Go will host real-life events to celebrate its anniversary by Andrew Liptak Shadow of War’s new story trailer sets the stage for the battle over Mordor by Chaim Gartenberg Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller 5 comments / new Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 42 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Entertainment Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map June 8, 2017 07:20:06 AM PDT E-Commerce Times > Entertainment | Next Article in Entertainment Apple's Risky Gambit to Redefine the Smart Speaker Print Email By David Jones Jun 7, 2017 3:05 PM PT Before Apple launched its long-awaited HomePod smart speaker at its annual developers conference earlier this week, the expectation was that it would unveil a sophisticated Echo killer that would redefine the landscape that Amazon has dominated, with Google playing catch-up. "Just like iPod reinvented music in our pockets, HomePod is going to reinvent music in our homes," Apple SVP Phil Schiller told attendees at the Worldwide Developers Conference. However, while the HomePod appears to be a well-designed, high end treat for loyal iTunes fans, Apple may have missed the mark in terms of creating a category leader that will become the center of the digital living room. "Like any product Apple introduces, it will have unique features because Apple controls everything from the hardware design to the service," said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. However, "consumers will likely pay a premium in one form or another," he told the E-Commerce Times. "The real question is, can Apple step into this market with the HomePod and establish a dominant position like it did with the Apple Watch?" As a smart speaker, the HomePod appears to be a technically sophisticated market entry. It features seven beam-forming tweeters, an upward facing woofer, and room-sensing technology that allows it to adjust its acoustics, depending on whether the device is at the center of a room or near a wall. It is powered by Apple's A8 chip, the same one that is used in the flagship iPhone. The speaker is sufficiently compact, at just below 7 inches in height, to fit comfortably on a coffee table, bookshelf or entertainment center. The HomePod is designed to work with the Apple Music library, which has access to 40 million tracks and already knows the preferences of millions of consumers that stream their music through Apple. Using the Siri built-in digital assistant, the speaker can deliver news, weather and sports, set reminders, send messages, and perform other tasks. Customers with Apple's HomeKit can use the HomePod to control lights and thermostats, open garage doors and secure door locks. Despite the wide capabilities of HomePod, Apple so far has not indicated that it will open the smart speaker ecosystem to third-party developers. Rather, the company seems intent on promoting the HomePod as a breakthrough audio device. Crowded Market The market for smart speakers is fairly new. Almost 11 million U.S. consumers own an Alexa-powered digital assistant speaker from Amazon, including the Echo, the Echo Dot and the Amazon Tap, according to Michael Levin, a partner at Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. The brand has exploded since its 2014 launch, with consumer awareness increasing from about 20 percent in March of 2015 to about 86 percent by March 2017, according to CIRP. Amazon sold a whopping 2.5 million units during the first quarter of this year, the firm estimated. The low-cost Echo Dot accounts for 52 percent of the Echo units in use -- in many cases in multiple rooms of the same household. Apple's HomePod will be a serious contender in the smart-speaker market, said Mark Beccue, principal analyst at Tractica, but he added that unless it "proves to be a superior high-end" speaker system, its US$349 price will need to come down. "The really compelling market for Apple will be current Apple users who can leverage the Apple ecosystem -- iTunes and the App Store -- for their speakers," Beccue told the E-Commerce Times. "iTunes and Apple Music provide a proven and leverageable content play for Apple with the Homepod." Apple likely will widen and enhance the Siri SDK for developers in the App Store, he said. Apple has taken a slightly different tack than Amazon and Google by positioning the HomePod as a high-end acoustic device that will appeal to the audiophile, suggested Paul Erickson, senior analyst for the connected home at IHS Markit. "The depth of commands available for music playback utilizing Siri's voice interface trump that of Google and Amazon," he told the E-Commerce Times. "Given that music is one of several fundamental, high-utilization use cases for smart speakers, it is keenly targeted differentiation by Apple -- and a highlight of a competitive weakness of its competitors." Still, Apple may have a hard time moving a significant number of units, given that Amazon's Echo is priced at $179 and the Amazon Dot at $49, while Google's Home is a modest $129, Erickson pointed out. Considering likely seasonal promotions by rivals and third-party hardware costs, the HomePod could cost anywhere from two to eight times more than the competition. Apple will be more competitive at the higher end of the spectrum, Erickson suggested. The HomePod launch represents a "shot across the bow" at Sonos, which is a long-favored choice of iOS music enthusiasts for multiroom audio, he noted. HomePod will be a challenger in Sonos territory, Erickson said, based on its cost, audio quality, selling proposition, decor-neutral styling, and automatic audio adjustment for the room. It is similar to Sonus PLAY 5, the flagship smart speaker that the company launched in 2015, he pointed out. Never Scared For its part, Sonos doesn't appear to be unnerved. The company last year partnered with Amazon on a software integration through the Alexa Voice Service SDK, which allows customers with an Alexa-enabled device to control their Sonos sound system. Sonos last year also announced partner integrations with several connected home providers, including Crestron, a developer of lighting, audiovisual and energy control software; Control4, a smart home software developer; and Deutsche Telecom's home automation platform Qivicon. "It's great to see Apple and other big tech companies join our mission to fill every home with music," Sonos said, in a statement provided to the E-Commerce Times by spokesperson Dane Estes. "Since we're partners with all of them and agnostic in our approach, every innovation they bring to market enhances Sonos home sound systems." Sonos will continue to build integrations that make it easy to add Sonos products to other devices, including voice assistants, the company said. Flying somewhat under the radar, Harman Kardon is coming out with its own entry in the smart speaker category: Invoke, which uses Microsoft's Cortana digital assistant technology. It's expected this fall. Invoke's capabilities, including its Sonique far-field voice technology, are similar to those of the Sonos and Apple speakers. There are seven microphones, three woofers, and three tweeters on the cylindrical device, offering what Harman Kardon considers true 360-degree sound. The speaker is integrated with Skype, which Microsoft is promoting as a benefit for hands-free calling to landlines, mobile phones and other Skype-enabled devices. Amazon hasn't been sitting on its hands in terms of innovation either. It recently announced two new additions to the Echo line: the Echo Look, a fashion assistant that is available by invitation only; and the Echo Show, a touchscreen device scheduled for release later this month. The company this spring ceded to partner demands by making the Alexa 7-Mic Far Field Development Kit available to third-party hardware makers who wanted to build far-field voice operated products faster. Making sure to protect the integrity of its ecosystem, Amazon has made the kit available to commercial developers on an exclusive, invitation-only basis. Google recently added additional features to Home, including appointment scheduling and hands-free calling. It has entered streaming music partnerships with Spotify, SoundCloud and Deezer. Google also has 70 smart home partners working with Google Home and Android phones, including Honeywell, Logitech and August locks. David Jones is a freelance writer based in Essex County, New Jersey. He has written for Reuters, Bloomberg, Crain's New York Business and The New York Times. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by David Jones Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories With Audio Focus, Apple Side-Steps Smart Speaker Competition Jun 6, 2017 Amazon Adds Show to Echo's Tell May 10, 2017 News Alerts Google Activate Alert | Search Archives Skype Activate Alert | Search Archives Android Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Entertainment Rumored Apple Plans Hint at Smart Speaker Battle Ahead Plex Advances Cord-Cutting Case With Live OTA TV Microsoft Partners Heed Mixed-Reality Call Facebook's Original Programming Plans Take Shape Microsoft's Mixer Could Shake Up the Streaming Game Comcast Rolls the Dice With Xfinity Instant TV Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by David Jones Alphabet Jumps on the $1K-a-Share Train Amazon Shares Hit Milestone as E-Commerce Battle Heats Up Google Brings Machine Learning to Online Marketing Assessment New GitHub Marketplace Showcases Integrators, Speeds Development Snap Stock Snaps Back - for the Moment Softbank Vision Fund Attracts $93B From Gulf States, Apple, Others Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Which of Apple's new or updated products excites you the most? GPUs and displays iMac Pro watchOS 4 macOS High Sierra iOS 11 iPad Pro HomePod Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Metis CDS Debbie Berebichez to Women in STEM: Chase Your Dreams Apple's iOS 11 Makes Siri a More Natural Woman... and Man With Audio Focus, Apple Side-Steps Smart Speaker Competition The Max-Q: The Coolest Thing Out of Computex Tech Titans Pledge Continued Paris Accord Support Plex Advances Cord-Cutting Case With Live OTA TV Microsoft Partners Heed Mixed-Reality Call Android Creator Launches a Phone of His Own CRM Buyer The [xxx] Economy Managing Commissions to Boost Sales Productivity Zuora VP Matt Darrow: The Intelligence of the Subscription Model Salesforce Offers Alternative to Old-School Partner Portals The Subscription Economy's Maturation Building a Sales Team by the Numbers Helpshift Integrates With Salesforce Genesys Launches G-Nine CX Framework LinuxInsider Open Source Survey Exposes Community Troubles BitKey Unlocks Mysteries of the Bitcoin Universe Hacking and Linux Go Together Like 2 Keys in a Key Pair MariaDB Offers a Bigger Box of Transactional Tools New GitHub Marketplace Showcases Integrators, Speeds Development Red Hat Linux Upgrade Pushes New Security, Automation Tools Android at the Wheel: Google Aims for One Vehicle Ecosystem Feren OS: A Linux Desktop Game-Changer E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times Amazon Courts Low-Income Customers With Deep Prime Discount Seeding the Next Generation of Consultancies Alphabet Jumps on the $1K-a-Share Train Rumored Apple Plans Hint at Smart Speaker Battle Ahead PCs Shine Again, but for How Long? Facebook's Original Programming Plans Take Shape Amazon Shares Hit Milestone as E-Commerce Battle Heats Up SC Ruling Signals New Era for Software Patent Enforcement Inside E-Commerce Times Cloud Computing Google Pushes AI, Machine Learning to the Front Veeva Offers Cross-Stack Customer Insights Microsoft Debuts Smarter Cloud at Build Enterprise IT Kaspersky to US: Check Our Source Code How Deep Learning Could Fix Trump and Healthcare Report: Cybersecurity Dangerously Lax at Mar-a-Lago Exclusives A Better World President MarySue Hansell: Getting Real With a Virtual Do-Good Game EquiSeq CEO Lexi Palmer: Act Like You're Not Scared and Go at It GIT CEO Adriana Gascoigne: More Women in Tech Means More Problems Solved Expert Advice CloudCraze EVP Andrew Witherspoon: For Successful B2B, Set Aside Expectations Outreach CEO Manny Medina: Selling Success Oro CEO Yoav Kutner: Getting a Sense of Your Customer Hot Topics John Oliver's Viewers Flood FCC Site With Net Neutrality Concerns Qualcomm May Seek iPhone Ban to Retaliate Against Apple Congress Probes United Airlines' Customer Mishandling Marketing Google Brings Machine Learning to Online Marketing Assessment E-Commerce Gets the Einstein Treatment Marketing Firm Zeta Global Turns Heads With $140M Funding Round Mobile Main Surface Pro Improvements Are Beneath the Surface Getting Serious About Teen Smartphone Addiction Snap Stock Snaps Back - for the Moment Security Leaked Docs Spotlight Complexity of Moderating Facebook Content Intertwining Artificial Intelligence With Blockchain Crate.io Packs New Features, Services Into DB Upgrade SMB Dell's 'Alice' Will Guide Women Through VC Wonderland Nutshell CTO Andy Fowler: Good CRM Tools Stay Out of the Way Red Hat Pilots New Program to Ease Digital Transformation Social Media New Deals Turn Twitter's Content Stream Into a River Instagram Snaps Up Rivals' Users Internet Giants Ramp Up Fake News Defenses Spotlight Features The Grim Upward Trajectory of Mobile Fraud Risks Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Trends Will Future Autonomous Cars Fly Like Birds or Tunnel Like Moles? Comcast Rolls the Dice With Xfinity Instant TV 3 Ways Your Sales Organization Should Prepare for AI Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: Cheap TVs, 40% Off Phones, Dick Smith EOFY Sale How Much Money You Need To Make To Move To Your Dream US City Apple Just Added One More Way To Repay Your Friends 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY Home Make A Super Bomb Onion Dip Without A Mix Add Used Tea Bags To The Bottom Of Pots To Feed Plants How To Follow Donald Trump's Tweets Without Following Donald Trump Lumo Energy Fined By ACCC For Misleading Customers, Again Entertainment E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones How Apple's New Siri Speaker Compares To Sonos And Echo Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Travel Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Stop Saying 'Rate Of Speed' Travel Hacker: How To Plan The Perfect Travel Itinerary This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Health Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule We Can Be Easily Tricked Into Liking Bad Wine 16 (Effortless) Ways To Be A Better Person Design Learn Game Animation With These Pixel Art GIFs Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists Work Productivity I'm Katia Beauchamp, Birchbox Co-Founder And CEO, And This Is How I Work  Getting Things Done, Ten Years In How To Self-Publish A Book Change Your Screen To Greyscale To Combat Phone Addiction Communicate Six 'Secret' iPhone Codes That Unlock Extra Features Your NBN Connection Might Be Getting A Speed Boost 9 Books Everyone Should Read Before They Turn 30 Apple's New MacBooks And iMacs: Australian Pricing And Release Dates Organise Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions How To Save Storage Space On iOS 11 Briefly: EB Games Sales, Australian Survivor 2, Creepy Wonder Woman Briefly: Lifeguard Video Test, Target's Game Sale, Bitcoin Price Surge Career How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader We're Hiring A Publisher At Allure Media Ask LH: How Can I Learn To Work With A New Boss? What It Takes To Be A Kickarse Car Designer At Just 23 Business Travel Engineers Are Not Mechanics US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Security When It Comes To Ransomware, It's Sometimes Best To Pay Up Protect Your Data By Using Single Sign-On Whenever Possible  Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? Small Business & Startups How To Take Advantage Of The $20,000 Small Business Tax Break Five Life Lessons You Can Learn From Successful Corporations Free Report Download: Best Practices For Salespeople In The Social Era Elevator Pitch: DisruptSports IT Pro Cloud Dropbox Announces Local PoP For Performance Boost OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud IT Career Apply For A Job In 8 Seconds When Is It Worth Keeping A Job You Hate? Working With A Mentor Is A Process, Not Just An Accomplishment How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions IT Security Kaspersky Expands Legal Battle With Microsoft Over Anticompetitive Behaviour How Modern Printer Technology Outed An NSA Leaker Britney Spears Instagram Used In Cyber Attack The ACDC Act: Should You Be Allowed To Hack The Hackers? Developer Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off GitHub Enterprise 2.10 Adds New Dev and Project Management Tools Was There Anything For Developers At WWDC? .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster Deployment 5 Things You Need To Do To Prepare For A Media Interview Apple Expanding Screen Repair Program With More Horizon Machines Catch Group Readies For the Amazon Onslaught IBM Deliver Massive Power In Tiny Package Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Lovehacker: My Boyfriend's Hair Fetish Is Tearing Me Apart How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY Five Life Lessons You Can Learn From Successful Corporations Adam Dachis Jun 8, 2017, 8:30am ⋅ Filed to:  clips leadership psychology Share When you think of good role models, businesses probably aren't your first thought but you may be surprised by the wisdom they have to offer. After all, we often learn a lot from their leaders. A select few can teach us quite a bit about how to have fruitful, happy and successful lives. Images by Millisenta (Shutterstock), Oregon Live, Lorelyn Medina (Shutterstock), Pta Pta (Shutterstock) and Svinkin (Shutterstock). Some of the examples I'll discuss here are famous worldwide; others have a more limited range. But all have something to teach us. Google: Experiment Often Google has a reputation for working a little differently than other companies. It keep its teams to smaller, more manageable sizes. It creates workplaces full of amenities. It has been known to encourage experimentation through something called 20 per cent time. What does that mean and what have people accomplished with it? The New York Times offers an explanation in a profile of how the privilege works: Google engineers are encouraged to take 20 per cent of their time to work on something company-related that interests them personally. This means that if you have a great idea, you always have time to run with it. It sounds obvious, but people work better when they're involved in something they're passionate about, and many cool technologies have their origins in 20 per cent time, including Gmail, Google News and even the Google shuttle buses that bring people to work at the company's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Last year Google decided to place limitations on 20 per cent time, but it seems that didn't kill the practice like everyone thought it would. It inspired their employees to continue experimenting, and many technology corporations adopted the same idea in their workplaces. The idea of 20 per cent time continues to thrive because experimentation is important and it leads to great, new things. No matter how mundane and regimented your life, you need to take time to experiment and try different things. This doesn't mean developing the next Gmail in your time off, but rather trying something new, strange or uncomfortable. Give yourself the privilege of having an idea and following through on it. It may not become a worldwide phenomenon, but you'll end up a lot happier if you continue to learn and show yourself new possibilities. Voodoo Doughnut: Find Confidence, Embrace Your Weird Side Naturally, a life lesson about being weird comes from a company in Portland, Oregon. Voodoo Doughnut offers one of the most extensive and strange selections of baked items you'll ever find, ranging from the "orangatang doughnut" (with actual tang in it) and "triple chocolate penetration doughnut". Until the FDA stepped in, it created a few that contained Robitussin, Nyquil and Pepto-Bismol. You'd think something that awful would turn people away, but the company found success because they were willing to accept their strangeness and put it out into the world. In a look at Voodoo Doughnut's success, Copyblogger found it had little to do with the quality of their product but everything to do with how memorable it was: Do they taste better than other doughnuts? If you've been pining for bacon or breakfast cereal on your doughnuts, I guess so. Otherwise, they're a lot like everyone else's doughnuts: delicious for two bites, and then you start to hate yourself. But if you go to Voodoo once, you want to talk about it. It makes for a great story that their customers love to tell. Furthermore, you become memorable because you know exactly who you are and who you aren't: Part of being memorable is knowing who you don't serve. It's not (necessarily) about being as offensive as your imagination can inspire. It's about writing off the people who aren't right for you and never will be. It's about more than weirdness. We're all a little weird, but some of us show it more than others. To be weird and let people judge you for who you are, you need to be honest and confident. These qualities are at the core of why Voodoo Doughnut has success and why they make good qualities for individuals as well. I've often been a topic of conversation in the same way as the doughnut shop because I do a lot of weird things. I make a habit of it, in fact, because — as previously noted — it's important to experiment and learn more about the world around you. I believe if you try to be honest and forthcoming, you'll attract the kinds of people who want to be around you. You'll repel at least as many, but that's the cost of meaningful relationships. You don't have to be any stranger than you are. The goal is to find confidence in yourself and what matters to you, then be honest about it. If you happen to be really weird like a Robitussin-filled doughnut, people will still love you anyway. Apple: Stay Positive You can love or hate Apple's magical, revolutionary marketing tactics, but you can't deny they're effective. The incredibly successful company found its place at the top not just because it made some good gadgets, but because it shared its work with blinding optimism. Apple is so well known for this, people openly mock the company for overselling itself or just sounding a little silly. Still, positivity has a massive effect on how we process information. We may know Apple likes to exaggerate, but just hearing its repeated positive language can actually improve our mood. (Of course, there are some of you out there that feel exactly the opposite way — nothing is perfect.) For example, watch this video simply parodying Apple's marketing style and try not to want to eat a KitKat afterwards: Positive communication breeds positive feelings. Many people are highly suggestible, but a positive effect is often planted regardless of the outcome. You can't feel positive all of the time, but you can make an effort to see the upsides of everything and show gratitude. Both of these approaches can help you feel better and happier. Just don't fake it. Like Apple, you have to believe in the positive things you say. Find those silver linings instead of fabricating a more ideal reality. Panera Bread: Break The Rules For The Right Reasons Rules were written to be followed, but most of us know that you ought to break them when it's the right thing to do. Most companies don't feel that way, but Panera Bread has found success in making exceptions for good reasons. You may remember a kindness Panera paid to Gail Cook when her Facebook post went viral. Here's her story: My grandmother is passing soon with cancer. I visited her the other day and she was telling me about how she really wanted soup, but not hospital soup because she said it tasted "awful" she went on about how she really would like some clam chowder from Panera. Unfortunately Panera only sells clam chowder on Friday. I called the manager Sue and told them the situation. I wasn't looking for anything special just a bowl of clam chowder. Without hesitation she said absolutely she would make her some clam chowder. When I went to pick it up they wound up giving me a box of cookies as well. It's not that big of a deal to most, but to my grandma it meant a lot. I really want to thank Sue and the rest of the staff from Panera in Nashua NH just for making my grandmother happy. Thank you so much! Articles were written about Panera Bread and what it did in this specific situation later on, explaining how this wasn't out of the ordinary for the company. As a business, its rule isn't give away food but they encourage their employees to make exceptions when it seems like the right thing to do. There's no chain of command to consult. Instead, you're empowered to make your own choices. Sometimes, in life, the rules just don't make sense. Sometimes you have to follow them anyway because the consequences of rebellion are worse than keeping quiet, but other times disobedience is necessary. When you can do a good thing and it doesn't take much risk, don't hesitate to break the rules. A small thing can make an enormous difference in someone's life. Tasty Brand And Amazon: Make Choices That Solve Problems It isn't hard to jump on a trend and make a quick buck in the world. I've seen enough Bluetooth speakers and USB batteries to know how many replicate rather than create. While there aren't many new ideas left in the world, it's not necessary to reinvent the wheel. You just need to make something that actually solves a problem. The founders of Tasty Brand looked at children's food options and found they were either unhealthy or unappealing. They decided to start a company to solve both problems and now offer healthy, naturally-sourced foods that actually taste good. When Amazon began, it set out to solve multiple problems. Online shopping was a somewhat new idea at the time, but the goal was bigger: to become the most customer-centric retailer in existence. Amazon not only solved the problem of easier shopping, but has continued to find ways to make every aspect of buying almost anything less painful for the consumer. Tasty Brand and Amazon are not the only companies to emerge as a solution to a problem — not by a long shot. Most successful companies, including the others in this post, started because they wanted to contribute something good to the world. While we can't say that about every brand, we can about many. Of all the lessons to take away from successful businesses, this one proves itself more times than anything else: make choices to solve problems, not just to make choices. In our personal lives, we're confronted with decision making all the time. It's stressful and we're bad at it. We still have to make them, of course, but it helps to have some guidance for each one. When you consider your options, choose based on whether or not the outcome will solve a problem. This may seem obvious, but because of the stressful nature of the process we often don't have the willpower to choose effectively. When you can't decide, opt for the productive option. Even when things don't work out perfectly, you'll always know you made an effort to put something good into the world. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones Mark Serrels 08 Jun 2017 9:00 AM One year ago my brother in-law and I made a decision. We wanted to do the right thing. We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones season 5. Analyse that sentence for a second. I’ll add some italics for emphasis. “We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones.” Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Chris Jager 07 Jun 2017 11:30 AM Foxtel has announced a revamped high-definition video streaming service dubbed Foxtel Now - and it's priced competitively with Stan and Netflix. With subscriptions starting at just $10 per month, it's a far cry from the company's prohibitively expensive Pay TV offerings. (In fact, it's actually cheaper than Netflix's HD tiers which start at $11.99.) But what do you actually get for your ten dollarydoos? Does Foxtel Now include Game Of Thrones? Do you still need to add a bunch of additional packs to make it worthwhile? We take a look at the prices, inclusions and your frequently asked questions. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones 2 Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 3 E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Here's the farewell letter James Comey sent his former FBI colleagues after Trump fired him The 2 subjects currently inciting 'discontent and controversy' in US schools both surface in science class Sears is suing another tool vendor it says is cancelling its contract after 50 years James Comey is set to testify in a historic hearing © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE New 21.5-inch 4K iMac Has Replaceable RAM and CPU! Download the Real iOS 11 Wallpaper for iPhone Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote iOS 11 Beta Now Available for Download Here's the List of Apple Devices That Support iOS 11 2017 Apple Design Award Winners Announced Apple Posts New Shot on iPhone Ad: Earth [Video] Apple Unveils iOS 11 iOS 11 Gets Less Intrusive Volume HUD [Image] iOS 11 Lets You Stop Apps From Always Tracking Your Location Apple Posts Photoshop Template for iOS 11 [Download] SanDisk Sale: USB Flash Drives and SD Cards Up to 45% Off [Deal] Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview for macOS High Sierra Apple Updates Its App Store Review Guidelines, Here's All the Changes Apple Announces 'Business Chat' Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote in 19 Minutes [Video] iOS 11 Camera App Recognizes QR Codes What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Apple Drops Price of 2TB iCloud Storage Plan to $9.99/Month Watch Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Here! [Video] 2017 Apple Design Award Winners Announced LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 16 hours ago by iClarified · 3329 views · Translate Apple has announced its 2017 Apple Design Award winners. The Apple Design Awards recognize state-of-the-art apps that reflect the very best in design, innovation, and technology on Apple platforms. Learn about these winning apps and the talented developers behind them. Check out the list of winners below! Ryan McLeod - Blackbox Exclusive to iPhone, and with more than 77,000 5-star ratings, Blackbox is a refreshingly stimulating, engrossing, and clever puzzle game that breaks through the “fourth wall” of iPhone to take you beyond the screen and make your world a part of each solution. Designed and developed by one person, Blackbox was chosen as an Apple Design Award winner for being fully accessible, and offering unique and ingenious gameplay, deep iOS integration, and clever innovations. Blackbox offers puzzles that rely on minimalistic clues, deliberate movement, elegant animations, and visual cues to expand creative thinking and encourage players to solve puzzles by turning, shouting, clicking, snapping, and more. It is fully accessible, taking a highly visual interface designed to be navigated by touch and and other sensory inputs, and adding a brilliant sonic interface that enables a new world of gameplay for everyone. It uses haptics for sensory feedback to make puzzles more personal, nuanced, and tactile, and relies heavily on the iPhone’s camera, accelerometer, gyroscope, and magnetometer to enable sensory inputs. Additionally, by using CoreAudio, CoreLocation, Core Telephony, AVCaptureSession, iCloud, and GameCenter in novel ways, this app takes advantage of an enormous range of iOS technologies. Blackbox challenges the player's ingenuity and creativity through innovative presentation and unique interactions. The result is a game that is impressively clever and unlike anything we’ve played before. Download Blackbox on the App Store RAC7 Games - Splitter Critters Designed and developed by a team of two from Vancouver, Canada, Splitter Critters is a charming level-based arcade puzzle-game for iPhone and iPad with a mind-bending game mechanic that’s playable by all ages. Selected as an Apple Design Award winner for it’s touch-centric game play, absorbing sound design, and minimalistic paper-craft aesthetic, Splitter Critters uses a clever tearing effect and scene re-arrangement technique to help players solve puzzles in new ways. With clever environmental mechanics such as laser beams, reflective surfaces, liquids, moving platforms, and immersive soundscapes for each world (best experienced with headphones), this app offers an inventive and memorable gaming experience. Unity-based, and with optimizations for Metal, Splitter Critters was released first on iOS, takes advantage of iCloud and Game Center, and is localized into 15 languages. Download Splitter Critters on the App Store Untame - Mushroom 11 This a one-of-a-kind platformer mixes physics-puzzle problem-solving with action and strategy. Mushroom 11 plays better than ever before on a multi-touch mobile device and was selected as an Apple Design Award winner for its intriguing alien landscapes, rich hand-painted levels, and incredibly unique, tactile, and immersive gameplay on iPhone and iPad. Players move an ever-expanding life form through a surreal post-apocalyptic landscape by strategically molding, splitting, and reshaping it into any shape needed to explore the strange and challenging environment. Multi-gesture support and 3D Touch optimizations add a whole new dimension to the game, making it a truly physical experience. Details matter in great games, and Mushroom 11 delivers by providing a clever helper that appears when needed, an original sound score, interesting posters to investigate, and a left-handed mode which mirrors the game and provides an optimal experience for everyone. Localized into 5 languages, including First-Nation languages, Mushroom 11 is Unity-based with optimizations for Metal and support for Game Center. Download Mushroom 11 on the App Store Broken Rules - Old Man's Journey Available first on iOS, Old Man’s Journey is a captivating puzzle adventure about life, loss, and hope. Designed and developed by a team of five in Vienna, Austria, it uses a clever landscape-shifting game mechanic to solve puzzles and reveal an emotional narrative told entirely through imagery and sound. We picked this game as an Apple Design Award winner because of its immersive and meaningful game play, beautiful, hand-drawn art style, and whimsical, exceptionally crafted landscapes. Old Man’s Journey conveys universal truths that transcend cultures and the many stages of life, and delivers an experience focused on originality, simplicity, refined game mechanics, and rich interactivity. Unity-based with Metal optimizations, Old Man’s Journey is best played on iPad and allows players to share in-game moments via ReplayKit and photo sharing. Download Old Man's Journey on the App Store Drinkbox Studios - Severed This is an intense, critically acclaimed, narrative-driven adventure game in which you play a one-armed warrior named Sasha in search of her family. Developed by a small, independent Toronto-based video game developer, Severed is a challenging touch and swipe-based adventure with deep, detailed, and psychedelic gameplay that masterfully melds macabre themes with vibrant color. Localized into 11 languages, including Simplified and Traditional Chinese, Severed is a unique and memorable game with original style, finely-honed game play, an award-winning soundtrack, and numerous optimizations for iOS. We were impressed by Severed’s sword-swinging mechanic that’s both intuitive and effective, the thoughtful approach taken for touchscreen-only controls, and the Metal optimizations used to create its high fidelity graphics and effects, and as well as its support for Game Center Achievements, ReplayKit to record video and audio, 3D Touch to Peek & Pop in-game maps, and iCloud for syncing game play between devices. Download Severed on the App Store Lake d.o.o - Lake This is a beautifully designed, best-of-breed coloring app, exclusive to iPad and iPhone. Created by a five-person team in Slovenia, Lake’s simple and playful design is a delight, and comes packed with creativity-enhancing tools, customized color palettes, and beautiful illustrations to help anyone create a masterpiece. Available in 8 languages, including Simplified and Traditional Chinese, it offers high quality curated illustrations from local and renowned artists that bring them together with their fans and ensures a rewarding and relaxing coloring book experience for all ages. Lake’s deep system integration is also impressive. Written in Swift, Lake is optimized for Apple Pencil and takes full advantage of powerful iOS and macOS technologies such as Dynamic Type, 3D Touch, Quick actions, On-Demand Resources, CloudKit Sync, Handoff, Haptic Feedback, QuickLook, and Spotlight search. Download Lake on the App Store Shiny Frog di Matteo Rattotti e C. S.N.C. - Bear Exclusive to iPhone, iPad, and Mac, Bear is an elegant and flexible writing tool for crafting notes and prose. With a simple and clean design, beautiful typography, and a consistently fast experience on any device, Bear helps writers focus on their content and produce great looking results whenever and wherever inspiration strikes. Available in 11 languages and packed with beautiful themes, extensive typography customization tools, and powerful capabilities, Bear is flexible and capable enough to handle a mix of short notes, articles, essays, long blog posts, code snippets, and more. An advanced Markup Editor supporting over 20 programming languages, with smart data recognition and numerous export options, reinforces Bear’s powerful capabilities. Developed by a three-person team in Italy, Bear takes full advantage of essential technologies like Core Data, TextKit/CoreText, Core Graphics, Core Audio, Core Spotlight, iCloud sync, Share extensions, 3D Touch, Haptic feedback, and VoiceOver to provide a fast and powerful native experience on iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Download Bear on the App Store Download Bear on the Mac App Store AJNS New Media GmbH - Kitchen Stories Founded by two young women and developed with the goal of enabling anyone to cook a delicious meal, Kitchen Stories is a simple and beautiful cooking app, available in 12 languages, for iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. Kitchen Stories includes a rich variety of recipes, dazzling photos, helpful videos, handy tips, and informative articles, all focused on inspiration, convenience, and execution. Kitchen Stories on Apple TV provides an inviting large-screen recipe browsing experience, and allows you to pick a recipe while you’re on the go for an automatically generated shopping list for your Apple Watch or iPhone. It is a state-of-the-art app that’s optimized for iOS 10, tvOS 10, and watchOS 3. Written almost entirely in Swift, Kitchen Stories supports 3D Touch, Haptic feedback, Rich Notifications with images and videos, iPad Multi-tasking, Picture in Picture video playback, Handoff, Spotlight search, tvOS Dark mode, and more, ensuring a remarkable experience on any device. Download Kitchen Stories on the App Store Cultured Code GmbH & Co. KG - Things 3 This app is the quintessential personal task manager, exclusive to iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, and Mac. A joy to use and beautiful to look at, Things 3 has been completely re-imagined to improve efficiency. Its thoughtful design and powerful features help you get organized and make the most out of every day. Developed by a team of 10 at Cultured Code, a company passionate about productivity, simplicity, and beautiful design, the totally redesigned Things 3 removes distractions and provides innovative interactions and gestures to simplify list editing, multi-selection, list reordering, to do list syncing across all devices, quick scheduling, date parsing, searching, reminders, and more. Things 3 is deeply integrated with iOS, macOS, and watchOS, leveraging Core Animation for smooth and delightful animations, integrating with Calendar and Reminders, supporting Action and Share Extensions, Rich Notifications, Slide Over and Split Views, 3D Touch and Quick Actions, Handoff, Haptic Feedback, Apple Watch complications, and TouchBar support on Mac. Things 3 sets the standard for how apps should be designed and developed to be their best on every device. Download Things 3 on the App Store Clean Shaven Apps Pte. Ltd. - Elk An innovative currency conversion app, Elk is perfectly suited for Apple Watch and enables quickly converting between 150+ currencies worldwide. Elk provides a thoughtfully designed and efficient experience on watchOS that makes currency conversion fast, easy, and convenient. Smart and creative use of pickers, swipe gestures, haptics, and the Digital Crown make interactions feel natural and intuitive. Clever use of one’s locale and current time zones enables Elk to quickly infer currencies to convert without the need to manually select anything. Written entirely in Swift and available in 9 languages, Elk uses the Watch Connectivity framework to sync between iPhone and Apple Watch, and thoughtfully employs Haptic feedback throughout the app on iPhone and Apple Watch to reinforce user-initiated actions. Designed and developed by Clean Shaven Apps, a two-person team in Singapore, Elk is a model watchOS app that’s simple to use and designed for quick interactions on the wrist. Download Elk on the App Store Lightricks Inc. - Enlight Exclusive to iPhone and iPad, Enlight is a groundbreaking photo editing application with a collection of tools rivaling professional-grade desktop mainstays. Chosen as an Apple Design Award winner for its thoughtful, powerful, and elegant implementation on iOS, Enlight’s comprehensive and consistent user experience makes its' powerful capabilities easy to learn and a joy to use. Create and edit stunning Wide Color images with traditional 2D and novel 3D elements to simulate surface materials and lighting, while controlling everything in real-time. Now using Metal, the Accelerate framework, and state-of-the-art custom image processing technology, Enlight harnesses the full power of the CPU and GPU on iPhone for ultra-high performance and low latency on a wide variety of non-photorealistic rendering styles such pen sketch and oil-painting, or editing photos up to 50 megapixels in size. Started by a team of five in Israel, Enlight 3 is available in 13 languages and sets the standard for industrial-strength mobile photography apps. Download Enlight on the App Store Bloop - AirMail 3 This is a powerful and efficient mail client designed specifically for iOS, macOS, and watchOS. AirMail 3 stands above the crowd and helps you tame your inbox with its clean, three-column layout, smart interactive features, beautiful design, and speed. Bloop’s development team of two took great care to optimize the email workflow with extensive customizations, custom actions, an innovative snooze feature, and deep integration with a wide range of popular apps and services. Available in 32 languages, AirMail 3 is fully accessible and features Siri support, Haptic feedback, 3D Touch support, Rich Notifications, Today and To Do Widgets, fast document previewing, TouchBar support, watchOS 3 complications with full message previews, an iMessage app to access mail attachments, and CloudKit support that enables ubiquitous syncing of data across all devices. With its sheer breadth of options and device specific optimizations, AirMail 3 showcases how powerful productivity apps are supposed to work on all devices. Download AirMail 3 on the App Store Download AirMail 3 on the Mac App Store Follow iClarified Comments (2) Add Comment Neolm09 - 15 hours ago So are they going to get any money out of this ? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam M0ney - 14 hours ago Does it matter? Not all awards are financially rewarding. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9     Related Articles iPad Pro Gets More Professional (05 Jun 17) What the Heck Is Pokémon Go? (17 Jul 16)     Published in TidBITS 1371. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Silently Updates AirPods Firmware to 3.7.2 Apple TV to Get Amazon Prime Video and More Later in 2017 Apple Will Enter Smart Speaker Market in December with HomePod iPad Pro Gets More Professional Tripping to macOS 10.13 High Sierra watchOS 4 Focuses on Fun and Fundamentals TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 5 June 2017 ExtraBITS for 5 June 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 05 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (20) iOS 11 Gets Smarter in Small Ways by Josh Centers If you were hoping for massive changes to iOS, such as a redesigned Home screen, iOS 11 will disappoint you, at least on the iPhone. While the iPad will receive many terrific (and much-needed) big-screen features (see “iPad Pro Gets More Professional,” 5 June 2017), the rest of iOS 11 focuses on UI refinement, artificial intelligence, and developer capabilities. Regardless, some big changes are coming when iOS 11 is released this fall. Control Center and Lock Screen -- Whenever you install iOS 11, the first big thing you’ll likely notice immediately is the new Control Center, which had ballooned to up to three pages in iOS 10. For iOS 11, Apple has compressed it back down to one page, in a grid that takes up more of the screen. Despite being squeezed into a single page, Control Center will offer more options than before. You’ll be able to 3D Touch a Control Center “platter,” as Apple called them, or presumably long-press it on devices that don’t support 3D Touch, to pop open a panel with more options. The other big front-facing change is that Notification Center is going away in iOS 11. Instead, you’ll be able to scroll through all of your notifications on the Lock screen. It wasn’t quite clear how you’d be able to see your older notifications without locking the device. Messages -- In iOS 11, Apple is finally fixing Messages with Messages in iCloud. Your messages will be synced across devices via iCloud, so you won’t have unsynced or jumbled messages. If you delete a message on one device, it disappears on all devices. Also, your older messages will be stored in iCloud so they won’t hog precious storage space on your devices. Of course, your messages will still be end-to-end encrypted to ensure your privacy. Apple is also redesigning the Message app drawer for iOS 11. The company introduced Message apps in iOS 10, but they’ve been underwhelming so far. A better-designed app drawer may make these mini-apps more accessible. That will also be key for a new feature coming to Apple Pay… Apple Pay -- Apple is becoming a financial services company of sorts, since Apple Pay will support person-to-person payments in iOS 11. To store the money you receive, you’ll have an Apple Cash Card in Wallet, and you can transfer money from it to your bank. Apple was a bit skimpy on details, but it seems that the primary way of making person-to-person transactions will be with a Message app that can send money via iMessage. Siri -- Siri will receive some major enhancements in iOS 11. In addition to new, more natural voices and a new look, Siri will now sync the data it knows about you between devices to better help personalize your queries. Siri is also getting smarter. Thanks to what Apple calls Siri Intelligence, Siri will better understand your interests and the contexts in which you are speaking. For instance, if you search for Iceland in Safari, Apple News will recommend articles about Iceland, and the keyboard will intelligently suggest related terms. Apple has spread this intelligence throughout iOS 11. For instance, Calendar can now extract events from Safari. This is one of those features that’s difficult to demo or describe, so we’re anxious to get our hands on it to see how it works in reality. Unhappy with the results Siri usually gives you? In iOS 11, Siri will offer alternative answers that you can choose by tapping the screen. Presumably, Apple will use this to tailor its recommendations. Perhaps the coolest new feature coming to Siri is translation. You’ll be able to say something like “How do you say what the most popular dishes in your restaurant in Chinese,” and Siri will speak what you said in Chinese. Apple emphasized that this is a beta feature, so we don’t quite have the Babel fish from “Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy” yet. Finally, the SiriKit API for developers is gaining some new features, such as photo search, car controls, task management, and banking. That should mean that we’ll be able to use Siri to control many more apps than in iOS 10. App Store -- Apple is totally revamping the App Store in iOS 11. The old top charts seem to be gone. Instead, there are tabs for daily featured apps, games, and apps. Apple seems to be moving toward curating the App Store more. Apps featured in the Today tab will include short articles and how-to videos. Likewise, the other new tabs will feature highlighted apps every day. The idea seems to be to get users to check in with the App Store every day to see what’s new. That may be great for developers, but we’re horrified that Apple seems to think you should waste vast amounts of time browsing the App Store for new apps daily. Developers will appreciate the App Store’s new “phased releases,” which roll out a new or updated app slowly instead of all at once. That’ll be especially welcome for developers whose apps require a lot of server resources. Camera -- Have you noticed that the file sizes for photos are growing with each new iPhone model? Apple is tackling that with two new technologies: HEVC H.265 video compression and a new image format called HEIF. Apple claims that HEVC compression can cut the size of videos by half. HEIF, or High Efficiency Image File Format, is a new file format standard that will replace JPEG for iOS photos. Apple claims that images in HEIF will be easy to share with others, but we’re waiting to see how well that pans out. Portrait Mode for the iPhone 7 Plus is also getting some much-needed enhancements: improved image quality, better low-light performance, and optical image stabilization. Photos -- The Memories feature that Apple introduced in iOS 10 is getting smarter and better able to identify different objects and people, but the change you’re most likely to notice is that Memories in iOS 11 will be able to switch from landscape to portrait orientation. But the most impressive new stuff coming to Photos in iOS 11 is all the things you’ll be able to do with Live Photos. You’ll be able to trim and edit Live Photos, pick a different key photo, and create loops. You’ll even be able to reverse the directions of loops if you want a bounce effect. But perhaps the coolest new feature with Live Photos is being able to combine all the frames together to form a long exposure shot. Maps -- As always, Apple’s Maps is playing catchup. Maps in iOS 11 will inform you of speed limits and offer lane guidance — standard features on most standalone GPS units. However, more interesting is that Maps will begin offering indoor maps of large places like malls and airports. Support will be limited to a small number of major cities at first, but that will hopefully grow over time. CarPlay for the Rest of Us -- Even Apple admits that CarPlay hasn’t been widely adopted, so that’s why the most interesting new automotive feature will be available to all iOS 11 devices: Do Not Disturb While Driving. When your iPhone detects, either via Bluetooth or the Wi-Fi Doppler effect, that you are in a car, it will shut off notifications to your phone. You’ll be able to set an auto-reply text message in case anyone messages you, which the sender can break through by stating that the message is urgent. You can also turn off Do Not Disturb While Driving if you’re riding in a car instead of driving. We strongly hope this feature will help cut down on the number of accidents caused by texting and inappropriate iPhone use while driving. HomeKit -- Apple’s home automation platform will gain some more capabilities, but the key thing Apple wanted to discuss is the new AirPlay 2 protocol and its integration with HomeKit. If you have multiple AirPlay 2 enhanced speakers, you’ll be able to use the Home app to broadcast music throughout your house. A number of manufacturers have signed on to produce AirPlay 2-compatible speakers, and we presume Apple’s own HomePod will do so as well. Apple TVs running tvOS will also be able to act as AirPlay 2 receivers. I hope this musical HomeKit integration will let me do things like play a song in response to an event or even sync my lights to music. Apple Music -- Remember Ping? Or Apple Music Connect? Well, Apple just won’t give up on the dream of a social music experience, so Apple Music in iOS 11 will let you see what your friends are listening to. We hope you can turn that feature off; there’s a reason each of Apple’s previous attempts in this area has failed. Apple is also offering developers an API for Apple Music, so developers of apps like Shazam can tie into Apple Music. It will be interesting to see what developers do with that. Behind the Curtain -- WWDC being a developer conference, Apple announced some new technologies that could lead to new, exciting apps. The two most interesting ones for end users are Core ML and ARKit. Core ML is a developer framework to make machine learning readily available to developers. Developers can use it to handle things like face detection and tracking, text detection, object tracking, palm rejection, and barcode scanning. Apple claims that with Core ML, iOS image recognition will be six times faster than with Google’s Pixel phone. ARKit is a framework to help develop apps using augmented reality, which mixes the real and virtual worlds. The example most people are probably familiar with is Pokémon Go, which lets players capture and battle with pocket monsters around the world (see “What the Heck Is Pokémon Go?,” 17 July 2016). Apple even demonstrated how ARKit will make Pokémon Go better by showing that a thrown pokéball will bounce around on a real-life sidewalk. Apple senior vice president Craig Federighi also showed how an ARKit app lets him place virtual objects on a table. And Alasdair Coull, head of director Peter Jackson’s Wingnut AR studio, showed off an entire battle overlaid over the auditorium. AR is an interesting technology, but it has yet to find a killer app. Pokémon Go seemed to be the app, but its luster has quickly faded. However, if Apple ever did develop a car, AR could be an essential technology. Where is iOS Going? -- iOS 11 has no marquee feature, but that’s not really a problem. As with many recent iOS releases, iOS 11 instead provides a series of refinements, many of which should improve the user experience in real ways. We’ll be poring over the beta releases in the next few months to find and share the most useful of these changes. If there is one central thread, it’s that of artificial intelligence, as Siri becomes more robust and better integrated throughout iOS and independent apps. It’s clear that, for Apple, this is a year to establish the building blocks necessary for whatever comes next in technology.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about iOS 11 Gets Smarter in Small Ways To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. You’ll be hard-pressed to find an overarching theme to iOS 11. This release will focus on dozens of small refinements, but they could turn into key features in the future. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Jay  2017-06-06 02:15 DND in car: It's not easy to confirm someone's a driver in a car. You could just as easily be on public transit, air (as long as devices can be on), or even riding in a skyscraper elevator, besides just being a passenger in a car. People will learn to keep DND off. Drivers already have the choice to not respond to texts or calls and check them later. Making it another toggle for DND is no different than silencing the device and putting it away. If it's acceptable for a driver to have messages read aloud by a passenger, or to talk to another person in the car, then it's no appreciable difference to engage in the same activity via carplay or Siri by handsfree device or BT connection. Often enroute messages or calls are received about changes in plans, updates to arrival ETAs, and the like. What IOS devices might do is record video of what's happening in the car at the time of communication, and either interpret that activity (and limit it) or save +/or cloud upload for forensic analysis. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 11:45 The simple fact is that too many people use their iPhones when driving now, despite the fact that there are plenty of ways of NOT using them. So I think it's a very good move on Apple's part to build in an optional technology that could prevent much of this use. We'll see how good it is about detecting actual car use, but connecting to a Bluetooth car system or moving horizontally at car-like speeds should be possible to detect with decent accuracy. And Apple was very clear about how there's an override for passengers, plus a way for people to break through the cone of silence for urgent messages. So I think it's an entirely positive feature, at least based on what we know now. Reply dshelbyd   2017-06-06 12:16 The new feature that stuck me as "killer" from the perspective of iOS productivity is the file manager. I hope that it will provide expanded options to solve the "Where can I put this?" or "Where did it go?" questions. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:23 I really like what I'm hearing so far about iOS 11. Refine things, but don't add to the feature bloat. Focus on adding iPad features that specifically leverage those devices' larger size and their use while improving already sufficient functionality on the iPhone side. This sounds like Snow Leopard for iOS and I really like that. I read elsewhere about the option to use Siri 'silently', i.e. by typing/reading. I would appreciate that a lot as I currently don't want to use (loud) Siri. Can anybody confirm? I enjoyed reading about improvements to Photos too. Any idea if users will get some kind of control over what 'special' albums get displayed? I'm not interested in groupings such as People, Selfies, Screenshots, etc. But iOS 10 offers no way to hide these. Any changes with iOS 11? Reply Josh Centers   2017-06-06 16:09 Yes, it appears that you can type to Siri in iOS 11. I'm super excited about that! Not sure about the albums yet. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 16:36 Thanks, Josh. If you type to Siri, will she also reply silently, i.e. with text on the screen? Reply Robert Morrison  2017-06-06 18:57 The feature is designed as an accessibility feature for people with low or no hearing, so I would assume that the feature supports fully silent use. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 19:20 Great. Thanks, Robert. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:16 (cont.) I think the Maps improvements are awesome. Speed limits and lane guidance are two of the three remaining features I preferred about my expensive GPS app (offline maps being the third). But since I so much prefer Maps' graphics and its audio directions to my GPS app, I've been anxious to switch to Maps for driving full time. Looks like it will finally happen with iOS 11. :) Any idea about other Maps improvements? Trails in national parks for example still seem to be much better represented in Google Maps? Any news if Apple is also improving walking/transit instead of just focusing on roads and driving? Reply Josh Centers   2017-06-06 16:10 I would imagine other improvements are happening continuously at the back end. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:21 (cont.) Finally, while I understand where Apple is coming from by disabling old 32 bit apps, it does mean I will lose my beloved encrypted notes storage app Firebox. Can anybody make good suggestions for a secure encrypted notes app? I know Notes offers encryption, but my understanding is these encrypted notes get sync'ed over iCloud and I'd prefer using a totally local encrypted storage on a single device of my own (even if that means no cross-device syncing). I don't trust loading my most secret information up to iCloud - encrypted or not. Especially not these days - FBI, Patriot Act, circumventing privacy rights, etc. (I back up to my Mac too, not iCloud). Reply Josh Centers   2017-06-06 16:10 You can store notes in Notes locally. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 16:39 That's true. But can I mix locally stored notes and iCloud-synced notes? For simple stuff like grocery lists I don't mind syncing to my other devices over iCloud. In fact, I use it a lot. In my notes list, I only see one available iCloud account. Reply Robert Morrison  2017-06-06 19:04 Yes. The "folder" of notes can be on iCloud or on your device. You can't mix messages within a folder, but entire folders are what they are. Also, moving notes between categories with different storage settings have been difficult historically. Try making a new folder and it should ask whether you want it to iCloud sync. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 20:00 Now I see. Thanks! I had to activate the "on my phone" account first in settings. Then I can create notes only on the iPhone. I suspect I can then create an encrypted note on that account to keep it local to the device. Reply gastropod  2017-06-07 18:26 If you store locally, is there any way to get them out as Notes files (packages?), and move them to Notes on a different device? Thanks Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:42 Any idea what kind of iPhone/iPad hardware will be required for HEVC/H.265 hardware encoding support? VLC on iOS can obviously do more formats than those built in to iOS, but you really notice the battery life take a hit when things aren't hardware accelerated. Edit: I just noticed Apple had originally advertised using HEVC on iPhone 6 for FaceTime. Does that indicate an iPhone 6 should be able to do hardware decoding of HEVC material under iOS 11? Reply Minus van Baalen  2017-06-07 05:10 Upgrading or not? This is going to become a dilemma! There are more downsides than andvatages for me it seems (there are quite a few 32-bit apps that I use on a daily basis). What is Apple's policy regarding security updates for older iOSs? Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 10:00 With iOS, Apple hasn't provided security updates for older versions at all, as far as I can remember. So you'll want to upgrade at some point for security reasons. Reply Simon  2017-06-07 17:21 Has there been any indication so far that iOS 11 might allow prioritization for wifi networks like macOS does? Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. You’ll be hard-pressed to find an overarching theme to iOS 11. This release will focus on dozens of small refinements, but they could turn into key features in the future. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Skip to main content About Who We Are Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Deeplinks Press Releases Events Legal Cases EFF in the News Whitepapers Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger HTTPS Everywhere Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Panopticlick Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search Email updates on news, actions, and events in your area. Join EFF Lists Copyright (CC BY) Privacy Policy Thanks Electronic Frontier Foundation The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Donate About Who We Are Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Deeplinks Press Releases Events Legal Cases EFF in the News Whitepapers Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger HTTPS Everywhere Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Panopticlick Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search DEEPLINKS BLOG Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link With New Browser Tech, Apple Preserves Privacy and Google Preserves Trackers Commentary by Alan Toner June 7, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link Recently Google and Apple announced plans to respond to complaints about online advertising. Both companies will implement changes to their browsers to neutralize some of the most annoying ad formats, but only Apple has chosen to address concerns around user privacy. Starting sometime in 2018, Google's Chrome browser will begin blocking all ads on websites that do not follow new recommendations laid down by the industry group the Coalition for Better Ads (CBA). Chrome will implement this standard, known as the Better Ads Standard, and ban formats widely regarded as obnoxious such as pop-ups, autoplay videos with audio, and interstitial ads that obscure the whole page. Google and its partners worry that these formats are alienating users and driving the adoption of ad blockers. While we welcome the willingness to tackle annoying ads, the CBA's criteria do not address a key reason many of us install ad blockers: to protect ourselves against the non-consensual tracking and surveillance that permeates the advertising ecosystem operated by the members of the CBA. Google's approach contrasts starkly with Apple’s. Apple's browser, Safari, will use a method called intelligent tracking prevention to prevent tracking by third parties—that is, sites that are rarely visited intentionally but are incorporated on many other sites for advertising purposes—that use cookies and other techniques to track us as we move through the web. Safari will use machine learning in the browser (which means the data never leaves your computer) to learn which cookies represent a tracking threat and disarm them. This approach is similar to that used in EFF's Privacy Badger, and we are excited to see it in Safari. Users Can Opt In to Publisher Payments—But Not Out of Tracking In tandem with their Better Ads enforcement, Google will also launch a companion program, Funding Choices, that will enable CBA-compliant sites to ask Chrome users with content blockers to whitelist their site and unblock their ads. Should the user refuse, they can either pay for an "ad-free experience" or be locked out by a publisher's adblock wall. Payment is to be made using a Google product called Contributor, first deployed in 2015. Contributor lets people pay sites to avoid being simply shown Google ads, but does not prevent Google, the site, or any other advertisers from continuing to track people who pay into the Contributor program. This approach is consistent with the ad industry's dogged defense of tracking, and its refusal to honor user signals such as Do Not Track. The industry's sole response has been to create a system called AdChoices, which offers users a complicated and inefficient opt-out from targeted ads, but not from the data collection and the behavioral tracking behind the targeting. By that logic, it is okay to track and spy on people who opt out—as long as you don’t remind them that they are being tracked! With a vast network of websites that display its ads, and over 50 percent of the browser market, Google has the power to address the ad quality problem by requiring sites to control the types of ads they show or risk losing all income from Chrome users. Google's motivation is strong because, collectively, ad blockers are undermining Google's revenue from programs like DoubleClick AdExchange, AdSense, Adwords—or, in the case of Adblock Plus and Adblock, unblocking those ads but demanding payments in exchange. While Google Chrome has mostly allowed users to install the ad- and tracker-blocking tools of their choice, there is always the risk that Google may seek to neutralize any blocking capability not under its direct control. This is no imaginary threat: in 2014, the Android Play Store banned Disconnect Mobile, a privacy app designed to prevent third party tracking. And in January of this year, the Chrome store kicked out AdNauseam, an obfuscation and anti-tracking tool that unblocks ads from websites that have adopted the EFF's Do Not Track policy and promised to respect user demands for privacy. At EFF, we understand that advertising funds much of the media and services online, but we also believe that users have the right to protect themselves against tracking. Advertising is currently built around a surveillance architecture, and this has to change. Until then, users will continue to install browser extensions like Privacy Badger and make use of tracking protection in browsers like Brave, Firefox, Opera and Safari to protect themselves.  Google and the CBA want to address the visibly annoying aspects of ads while ignoring the deeper privacy issues. Instead, they should take their lead from Apple on this one. Ad quality needs to improve and advertisers must abandon any attempt to hijack our attention with disruptive audio, flashing animation, or screen takeovers. But this alone will not win back the trust of users alienated by an ad system run amok. Users should be given more control over the ads they are shown, and their Do Not Track demands must be honored. The web should be about opening up new possibilities both individually and collectively, but the feeling of being monitored can create unease that information about us could be misused or revealed without our permission. Since the Web has become central to human thought and communication, surveilling it without an opt-out is a fundamental intrusion into human cognition and conversation. Any plan to make ads "better" that lacks a core privacy component is fundamentally broken. Do Not Track Online Behavioral Tracking Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Follow EFF: twitter facebook google plus youtube flicker rss Contact General Legal Security Membership Press About Calendar Volunteer Victories History Internships Jobs Staff Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity & Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Blog Events Press Releases Whitepapers Press Press Contact Press Materials Donate Join or Renew Membership Online One-Time Donation Online Shop Other Ways to Give Copyright (CC BY) Privacy Policy Thanks JavaScript license information
Skip to main content Menu Order New iPad Pro | New iMac | New MacBook Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPad iOS 11 iOS 10 Apple Watch Series 2 Apple Watch MacBook Pro Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Connected home How to create your own HomeKit-enabled accessories By Mikah Sargent Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 at 3:49 pm EDT 2 Comments Mikah Sargent is Senior Editor at Mobile Nations. When he's not bothering his chihuahuas, Mikah spends entirely too much time and money on HomeKit products. You can follow him on Twitter at @mikahsargent if you're so inclined. Hey Siri, control my HomeKit-enabled coffee maker! Apple has opened up the HomeKit Accessory Protocol Specification to all developers! What's the "HomeKit Accessory Protocol Specification"? It's the means by which connected home accessories communicate with Apple devices via HomeKit. In other words, you can make your own HomeKit-enabled accessories and control them with Siri and the Home app for iOS. Up until now, only companies who intended to distribute their HomeKit-enabled accessories commercially could make use of Apple's HomeKit Accessory Protocol Specification. Developers had to request licensing through Apple's MFi program and go through reportedly rigorous testing to claim the coveted Works with Apple HomeKit badge. Now if you want to create HomeKit-enabled accessories for non-commercial purposes (if you're a hobbyist or consider yourself a "Maker," for example) you can! Here's how you get the ball rolling. First thing's first: You've got to be a registered developer. You need a registered developer account in order to access the HomeKit Accessory Protocol (referred to as HAP here on out). Assuming you're a registered developer, here are the first steps to take: Head to Apple's developer page for the HAP Specification: https://developer.apple.com//homekit/specification/ When prompted, sign in with your Apple ID and password. Click Continue to license agreement. Read the limited license agreement and check the box to confirm you've read it. Click I Agree. Click Download to download the HAP Specification. The HAP Specification is a 256-page PDF filled with all the necessary information about creating HomeKit-enabled accessories that can communicate with Apple devices. There are certain requirements your accessory must meet in order to make use of the HomeKit framework, but they aren't as rigorous as the requirements for commercial HomeKit accessories. Apple says commercial accessories have to have the Apple Authentication Coprocessor, must adhere to the Bluetooth core specification or obtain Wi-Fi Alliance certification, and must be certified under Apple's MFi Program. Non-commercial HomeKit accessories won't be able to tout the Works with Apple HomeKit badge. Anyone adding a non-commercial HomeKit accessory to their HomeKit setup will see a prompt indicating it's not certified to work with HomeKit, but the prompt is nothing more than an alert — you'll still be able to add the accessory. Once you've read through the HAP Spec and know you can create a device that adheres to all the necessary specifications, it's time to get crackin'! Creating your own HomeKit-enabled accessory HomeKit protocol spec is now open to all devs! Can build a smart device using Arduino and control it via HomeKit without getting MFI license— Victor Ilyukevich (@yas375) June 7, 2017 As Victor Ilyukevich‏ pointed out over on Twitter, that means buying or setting up an accessory using an Arduino and controlling it with Apple HomeKit. You could, for example, get the Arduino MKR1000 which offers the following features: SAMD21 Cortex-M0+ 32bit low power ARM MCU WINC1500 low power 2.4GHz IEEE® 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi ECC508 CryptoAuthentication See at Arduino You could use it to create any number of HomeKit-enabled accessories so long as they follow the HAP Spec. Once you've got your idea figured out, your limited license agreement signed, your HAP Spec read, and your Arduino (or other communication accessory) set up, you'll just want to make sure your device is adhering to the HAP spec and can communicate with Apple HomeKit. Everything you need to know can be found in the HAP Specification, which you can download by following along with these steps. Thoughts, questions? What do you think? Excited that anyone can create their own HomeKit-enabled accessories and control them using the Home app for iOS and Siri? I know I am! I'm going to attempt to dive into the HAP Specification and see if I can't get my own HomeKit-enabled accessory rollin' (dog treat delivery device, anyone?). I'll be taking notes along the way so be sure to check back in the future for a potential in-depth how to! WWDC 2017 Everything at WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017 Liveblog What to expect from WWDC 2017 Best events to attend iOS 11 macOS 10.13 watchOS 4 tvOS 11 Discussion forums Reader comments How to create your own HomeKit-enabled accessories 2 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating decide4me Hmmm, does the person reading this article who is capable of programming an Arduino need to be given five step instructions on how to download a PDF? 0 4 hours ago Reply DannyJJK That's a pretty good point, it's a bit odd 0 0 sec ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order New iPad Pro | New iMac | New MacBook Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPad iOS 11 iOS 10 Apple Watch Series 2 Apple Watch MacBook Pro Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search iPad Pro Accessories Best accessories for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro By Lory Gil Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 at 5:39 pm EDT 0 Comments So, you're getting the 10.5-inch iPad Pro, but just like getting a new puppy, you can't just go home with the floof. You gotta get some toys to go with it! The 10.5-inch iPad Pro has nearly a whole inch more of screen real-estate over it's predecessor, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, but without increasing the size more than 13 %. It's the best in its class in terms of performance, and if you're anything like me, you pre-ordered it before Apple finished the word "ProMotion." But you can't stop at just the tablet. One of the fun bits of getting a new iPad is getting the cool accessories to go along with it. What do you get right out of the gate? Here's our favorite accessories for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. Apple Pencil The Apple Pencil is a must-have for any iPad Pro owner. I mean, if you aren't going to get an Apple Pencil, why are you even getting an iPad Pro (not really, though - the iPad Pro is pretty awesome, even without an Apple Pencil)? It's got palm rejection, pressure recognition, and a lot more. Apple has also added Apple Pencil-specific features to iOS 11, making the fancy-pants stylus even more worth investing in. Apple Pencil: The Ultimate Guide See at Apple Apple Pencil Case Oh yeah, that's right. You can now get a sexy leather slip case for your Apple Pencil. If you don't plan on getting a case for your iPad Pro that comes with an Apple Pencil holder, I highly suggest this as an alternative. It's made from a nice thick polished leather that is sturdy, but flexible. You just slip your Apple Pencil right into it, like its a little baby in a bassinet. It comes in saddle brown, taupe, midnight blue, and black. See at Apple AirPods Sure, the speakers on the iPad Pro kick ass, but you're not always going to be able to turn it up to 11 while listening to tunes. For those occasions when you have to keep your audio intimate, the AirPods are your friend. Daring Fireball's John Gruber literally told Craig Federighi and Phil Schiller, to their faces, that AirPods are his favorite headphones ever. I can personally attest to to the improved comfort (over the EarPods) and overall excellent experience of using AirPods. They're totally worth it. Of course, if you really don't want AirPods, you can always take a look at some other great Bluetooth headphones. See at Apple Apple Smart Keyboard Though it's smaller than a laptop, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro is big enough and powerful enough to be your productivity device when you're on the go, at which point you'll really want a dedicated keyboard so you don't have to tap away at the screen all day. Apple's Smart Keyboard is, well, the smartest keyboard for the iPad Pro. When you're not using it, it folds over nicely into an attractive, but slim, case. Now that the iPad Pro is slightly (very slightly) longer, the Smart Keyboard is almost exactly the same size as the Magic Keyboard. More room, more comfort. If you're not sold on the Smart Keyboard, you should check out Logitech's Slim Combo. It's rad!. See at Apple Pad & Quill Cascade Of course, you're going to need a bag to carry all of your new gadgets and accessories in. Why not get the best-looking backpack to go with your best-looking iPad Pro. iMore Managing Editor, Serenity Caldwell, considers it a piece of art for your stuff. It's made of canvas and leather and has lots and lots of pockets (my favorite thing in life). It comes in olive green with black leather, tan with chestnut leather, charcoal gray with chocolate leather, and charcoal gray with black leather. If you're looking for something a little less bag-like and a little more sleeve-like, Apple has a leather sleeve for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. See at Pad & Quill Affinity Photo The newest line of iPad Pro — the 2017 lineup — is the most powerful yet. It is just shy of full computing power. As such, app developers are able to really push the boundaries of what's possible on a tablet and Affinity Photo is pushing hard. It's a photo editing tool that is nearly identical to the desktop model, meaning you have all the power of the full-featured version in a smaller, more portable, package. There are hundreds of top-of-the-line apps and games that you should get for your iPad Pro, but Affinity Photo shares its birthday with the 10.5-inch model and was created especially for it. If you're an artist or photographer, it will probably end up being your go-to mobile editing app. See on the App Store Your favorites? Have you already found the perfect accessory for your 10.5-inch iPad Pro? What did you get? Reader comments Best accessories for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s new in iOS 11? Hands-on with 100+ features and changes [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: What does the iMac Pro tell us about the all new Mac Pro to follow? Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: Apple announces iOS 11, macOS 10.13, HomePods, new iPad Pro and more Trending in Apple How & when to watch Apple’s WWDC keynote presentation live today Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.37 0.92 A first look at the redesigned App Store in iOS 11 [Gallery] Jordan Kahn - Jun. 7th 2017 2:49 pm PT @JordanKahn WWDC 2017 iOS 11 App Store View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The App Store is getting a big redesign with iOS 11, and today Apple gave a preview of some of the new changes coming for developers at WWDC 2017. Head below for a first look at the refreshed app including new editorial content and features coming with iOS 11 this fall: The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac The redesign makes the app fit in better with some of the company’s more recent offerings– it borrows a lot from Apple Music with its large fonts and overall aesthetics– and also takes care of a lot of house cleaning in the process. In addition, Apple is planing for a lot more in-depth editorial content with the new approach alongside a number of smaller tweaks that should make the store better for both developers and users. This is what it looks like: The new app has 5 tabs: Today, Games, and Apps are the three new tabs for discovery in the redesign and the place where you’ll find Apple’s curated lists and editorial content. Those are followed by Updates and Search tabs for quick access to those functions the same as the current design. The Games and Apps tabs will present new apps selected by the store’s editors as well as resurface older apps you might have not used in a while. The Today tab will be the main place to find the rest of Apple’s new editorial content that will include a number of regular installments for things like how to’s, interviews with developers, and longer form write-ups on games and features… Editorial Content Apple has an increased focus on its editorial vision for the App Store and it will be sharing longer form content from its editors for a number of different categories as part of the approach. Joining Editor’s Choice picks, for example, Apple will have new App of the Day and Game of the Day selections: But Apple will have a lot of new editorial content beyond quick app recommendations, world premieres, sneak peeks, and “best of” style lists that it already had a lot of on the current store… Some of the longer form content you’ll find on the new App Store includes instructional content that falls under the following categories: How To, The Basics, Life Hack, Pro Tip, Deep Dive, and DIY. The App Store editors will also be doing more feature content with a handful of regular series that will appear on the store, including: Meet the Developer, Behind the Scenes, Making a Difference, What’s on My iPhone, Apps I love, and Love Letter.  Apple is asking developers to submit their stories and give them notice of notable new apps and feature updates for possible inclusion in an editorial piece. Developers can submit info to the team on Apple’s dev site here. If you are launching a new app or game, releasing a significant update, or have a great story idea for Today, we want to hear about it. To be considered for featuring on the App Store, please let us know 6-8 weeks in advance. In-app purchase discovery  In-app purchases will get a lot more attention in the App Store redesign in an effort to better promote the content that is currently buried only on an app’s main product page. Apple will now surface notable in-app content in the main sections throughout the App Store and promote it just like an app or notable update (as pictured above). New product pages & promo text Editor’s choice badges will now appear directly on product pages, which also get new 30 second long auto playing preview videos. The auto playing videos will be muted by default and users on a version earlier than iOS 11 and the old App Store design will only see one of the three videos. The product pages are also getting new promo text (pictured below) that developers can change without having to submit an app update: The promo text can be used to promote temporary deals or new content that doesn’t otherwise require an update to the app itself, meaning devs can won’t have to deal with the submission and review process just to promote a new deal or over the air change. The new promo text appears just above the app description on the product page (as pictured above). Search, Search Ads, and Trending content  Search gets an overhaul as part of the redesign and Apple’s paid Search Ads are still included as you can see in the screenshot above on the right. The Search UI is quite similar to the current App Store with recommended “Trending” search queries listed underneath a search bar. Search Ads will still be present in the redesign as you can see in the image above showing on integrated into the top of a search. During its presentation of the new App Store at WWDC for developers, the company noted that Search Ads have been performing well with an average 50% tap-to-conversion rate and a $1 CPA. What about the Mac App Store? Apple’s Phil Schiller indicated this week that the iOS redesign was just the first step and that work on the Mac App Store will come later. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides WWDC17 Apple's WWDC 2017 is scheduled for June 5th - 9th at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. Registration opens Monday, March 27th at 10 AM PDT (1 PM EDT). View THe Guide iOS 11 View THe Guide App Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s new in iOS 11? Hands-on with 100+ features and changes [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: What does the iMac Pro tell us about the all new Mac Pro to follow? Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: Apple announces iOS 11, macOS 10.13, HomePods, new iPad Pro and more Trending in Apple How & when to watch Apple’s WWDC keynote presentation live today Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.37 0.92 Amazon exec says Siri & Alexa should be able to talk to each other, HomePod not a huge threat Chance Miller - Jun. 7th 2017 3:10 pm PT @ChanceHMiller HomePod View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple wasn’t shy about comparing its new HomePod speaker to existing competition from the likes of Amazon and Sonos, and now an Amazon executive has spoken on the company’s newfound rival. Amazon’s senior VP of devices David Limp explained that he believes Alexa and Siri should be able to communicate with one another, while also pointing to the HomePod’s price as an advantage for Amazon… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover As noted by USA Today, Limp says that he’s more than open to the idea of Alexa and Siri communicating, though he’s skeptical of Apple’s willingness to work together: “You should be able to tell `Alexa, ask Siri X.’ If Apple or Google want to come calling, my phone number is out there, they can call…I don’t know if I can envision it but I hope that will happen on behalf of customers.” From there, Limp was asked if he sees the HomePod as a serious competitor to Amazon’s Alexa line of products. The executive responded by saying HomePod is “a little different philosophically” than Amazon’s products due to its “premium price.” Limp was quick to point out that you could get eight Echo Dots for the price of HomePod, and then connect the Echo Dots to any speaker with a line out connection or Bluetooth. “When people are starting to spend … hundreds of dollar per speaker, I think generally they’re going to want choice,” Limp says. He points out that through Bluetooth or a “line out” connection, you can connect a Dot to any compatible speaker of your choice. “People’s tastes in speakers are unbelievably personal,” he says. Those who have gotten an early hands on with HomePod say the speaker really does offer hi-fi sound. The device features an Apple designed speaker array, whereas products like Amazon’s Echo lack such high quality audio inside. A first look at Apple’s ‘HomePod’ Siri speaker at WWDC ’17 [Video + Gallery] Whether or not Apple’s HomePod is able to take a bite of Amazon’s business remains to be seen. What do you think of the idea of Amazon and Apple working together to integrate Alexa and Siri. While it may be a pipe dream at this point, is it something you’d like to see? Let us know in the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides HomePod View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is making it easier than ever to fix your cracked iPhone screen Lucy Yang, INSIDER Jun. 7, 2017, 5:41 PM 122 facebook linkedin twitter email print A technician demonstrates Apple's screen repair service Stephen Lam/Reuters The INSIDER Summary: Apple plans to put its proprietary screen repair machines in about 400 repair centers around the world by the end of this year. The first few are already in Best Buy stores in Miami and the San Francisco Bay Area. The company's "Horizon Machines" are the only ones that can fix certain issues, like a damaged fingerprint scanner. If you have a cracked iPhone screen, here's some good news. Later this year, you may be able to walk into a Best Buy near you and get the exact service you would at an Apple store. As first reported by Reuters on Wednesday, Apple plans to put its proprietary screen repair machines in "about 400 authorized third-party repair centers in 25 countries" by the end of 2017. The company started testing these machines a year ago: There are currently a few in the San Francisco Bay Area and one in Miami; two more are coming to Minneapolis, Minnesota, and Sunnyvale, California.  Apple's phone repair "Horizon Machine" Stephen Lam/Reuters Of course, you can just go to any third-party repair shop like uBreakiFix, but keep in mind you risk voiding your warranty if the technician damages your iPhone in any way. More importantly, only Apple's "Horizon Machine" can fix certain issues with your phone screen such as a damaged fingerprint sensor. The company is also hoping that the new machines will help you avoid long wait times at Apple stores. Still, it's somewhat of a surprising move, considering the fact that Apple is fighting a bill that would force the company to make it easier for people to fix their iPhones. If the bill passes, Apple will be legally required to "sell replacement parts and tools," remove "software locks that place limits on repairs," and provide repair guides to the public.  Thankfully, this comes just in time before the expected release of the iPhone 8 this September, as the new model will feature an edge-to-edge glass screen that covers the entire front of the device — which, if you're prone to dropping your phone like I am, could spell disaster. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » Read the original article on INSIDER. Follow INSIDER on Facebook. Copyright 2017. Follow INSIDER on Twitter. More from INSIDER: NOW WATCH: Forget the iPhone 7 — here are 7 reasons the next iPhone will blow everyone away Loading video... More: iPhone iPhone 8 Screen Repair Apple Tech Design facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is making it easier than ever to fix your cracked iPhone screen Apple is making it easier than ever to fix your cracked iPhone screen The INSIDER Summary: Apple plans to put its... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple Music is still well behind Spotify, and that may be a problem for the HomePod Jeff Dunn Jun. 7, 2017, 5:45 PM 1,941 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   For all of Apple’s resources and marketing might, Apple Music still can’t quite catch up to Spotify. Apple announced this week that Music is now up to 27 million subscribers a couple years into its existence. But as this chart from Statista shows, Spotify has consistently kept its user growth up, with 50 million paid subscribers at last check. That gap may be a problem for Apple’s next hardware product, the HomePod. While the new smart home speaker seems to sound superior to the competition, it’s not yet clear if it’ll be fully integrated with streaming services beyond Apple Music. That could leave a significant potential audience out in the cold; and it could force those users to turn to the Amazon Echo or the Google Home speakers instead. Then again, Apple’s business has always been more about margins than massive scale — the precise opposite of Amazon and Google — so Apple might feel that nudging people toward its Apple Music service is worth the risk. Either way, the company is hoping the launch of new original shows will allow Music to finally gain some ground.  Mike Nudelman/Business Insider/Statista SEE ALSO: How the Apple HomePod’s price compares to similar speakers — both smart and not-smart NOW WATCH: Here's why Steve Wozniak used to wait in line overnight for new Apple products Loading video... Follow Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Chart Of The Day Apple Apple Music Spotify Streaming music streaming Music streaming services Tech Apps Software apple homepod homepod BI Graphics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple Music is still well behind Spotify, and that may be a problem for the HomePod Apple Music is still well behind Spotify, and that may be a problem for the HomePod For all of Apple’s resources and marketing... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
About Us Contribute Community Contributions Contact Home News Entertainment & Events Movies & TV Food & Beverage Dining Drinking Music & Arts Lifestyle Event Directories Comedy Directory Theater Directory Concerts Directory Home News Entertainment & Events Movies & TV Food & Beverage Dining Drinking Music & Arts Lifestyle Event Directories Comedy Directory Theater Directory Concerts Directory News Apple’s Reality Tv Show: Planet of the Apps By Hanna Van Der Linde | June 7, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Apple just released the first trailer for the upcoming show named, Planet of the Apps, featuring some of the world’s greatest app developers, experts and celebrities. The show is similar to Shark Tank in that it asks entrepreneurs to pitch their ideas for new apps to a panel of specialists. The judges for the show include Will.i.am, who was the mastermind who pitched the idea for the show to Apple. Other judges include Gary Vaynerchuk, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Jessica Alba. In the trailer, the spokesperson said that these judges are, “some of the most culturally influenced entrepreneurs.” The contestants will have 60 seconds to pitch their ideas to the panel of successful judges, who will then turn into advisors and partner with the contestants for the rest of the show. They will work with their advisers and an assortment of tech luminaries. For example, they will have the opportunity to work with app company owners like Uber, Musicly, and Yelp. All the work put in to the show will lead to a final pitch with one of the hottest venture capital firms on the planet, Light Speed Venture Partners. Also, the most effective app ideas award the winner featured placement on the app store, which will be available to millions of people around the world. Although we don’t know the exact date of the premiere of the show, there is speculation that it will air towards the end of October. The show is set to be available through Apple’s platforms like Apple TV and iTunes. Unfortunately, there is no word on if the show will be available through other streaming websites like Hulu, or air on Cable. If you are interested in earning a spot on the show, the applications for would-be contestants end on August 26. Considering there are over 2 million apps currently on the app store, and increased apps are created each and everyday, this will give advanced developers a platform to share their ideas with the world. With the influence of the media on our everyday lives, the idea for the show is relevant and helpful for the future ahead of us. Thus, we are excited to see Apple’s future on television. Related ItemsApple TvPlanet of the apps Hanna Van Der Linde ← Previous Story George and Amal Clooney Become Parents to Twins Next Story → The Funniest Memes of 2017 You may also like... Amazon Prime Coming to Apple TV Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Follow us… Subscribe Today! Sign Up Today to Receive the Latest Content Updates and Subscriber Perks Email Address * Latest Posts The Funniest Memes of 2017 7 Jun 2017 Maybe it’s just me, but I know who my true friends are based on the memes they tag […] Bachelor in Paradise Cast Revealed 7 Jun 2017 Second to Christmas, it’s certainly the most wonderful time of the year because it’s Bachelor season. In addition […] Apple’s Reality Tv Show: Planet of the Apps 7 Jun 2017 Apple just released the first trailer for the upcoming show named, Planet of the Apps, featuring some of […] James Corden Performs Mary Poppins the Crosswalk Musical 7 Jun 2017 As you might already know from one of our previous James Corden related articles, Corden is taking The Late […] George and Amal Clooney Become Parents to Twins 7 Jun 2017 On Tuesday, George and Amal Clooney birthed twins and named them Ella and Alexander. Even though the couple […] Other Topics action allie daugherty American Idol Balboa Park Beer Chargers comic-con del mar Dining Downtown E&L TV facebook Featured Film financial advice Fitness Gaslamp Halloween House of Blues Lady Gaga la jolla local music Movie movie review movies Music NFL North Park padres recipe Recipes review San Diego San Diego Chargers san diego concerts san diego dining San Diego events San Diego Food Finds san diego music San Diego Padres Theater UCSD valentines day video Winning In Life Radio About Us Contribute Community Contributions Contact Your Source for Everything San Diego Copyright © 2017 SDEntertainer. Login Username Password Social Media Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Wired Business Conference 2017 subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours We typically don't suggest camping in your car. But for the sake of seeing what a driverless future looks like? Sure wrd.cm/2sFA6Fs Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Liz Stinson. Liz Stinson Design Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 6:04 pm. 6:04 pm Apple’s Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be Flexible Norman Foster. Ask Norman Foster what if anything he’d like to change about Apple’s recently constructed headquarters in Cupertino, California, and he’ll need a moment to think. The famed architect, whose firm spent the last eight years perfecting plans for Apple’s glassy Campus 2, is mostly pleased with the results. But there is one thing: “The only hesitation I have is in terms of the changing patterns of transportation,” Foster said today at the WIRED Business Conference. Apple’s headquarters feature a massive underground garage built to hold 11,000 vehicles. Today, that’s an amenity. But not too far in the future, it’s entirely possible that cars (and garages) will be far less important. “Maybe the conventional garage needs to be rethought and rethought now,” Foster continued. “Maybe if I had a second time around I’d be putting a lot of persuasive pressure to say, ‘Make the floor-to-floor of a car park that much bigger, so if you’re not going to be filling it with cars in the future you could more easily retrofit it for more habitable space.” For Foster, the future of workplace design is dependent on this kind of flexibility. It might sound counterintuitive given Steve Jobs’ unrelenting attention to detail. Foster recalls when Jobs first approached him in 2009 to talk about building a new campus. “He had a very clear vision in terms of what the project was,” Foster said on stage. Jobs wanted the building to lie low to the ground to blend into the surrounding landscape. The late Apple CEO dictated everything from door handles to materials to the ultra-tight tolerances required throughout the building. Jobs was obsessed with glass and wanted to encourage the connection between indoors and outdoors, going as far as to build a door in the campus’ restaurant that could completely open in 12 seconds, eliminating the barrier to the outside world. It’s easy to assume a strict adherence to vision would stifle flexibility. “The reverse is actually true,” Foster said. The best buildings, he contends, require a strong point of view. They must be thoughtfully designed to adapt to the ways humans and society will inevitably change, and that requires more than just building open-plan layouts. Ultimately, the most enduring workplaces will take into account the deep-rooted desires of the people who spend time there. They’ll prioritize smart paths of circulation to help people connect with one another. Instead of sequestering employees into glass boxes, they’ll encourage them to connect with nature. To be truly competitive, architects and companies have to think beyond productivity. “From the very beginning, I’ve protested the idea that an office headquarters, whether it’s mega or micro, is only about work,” Foster said. “It’s about lifestyle.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Architecture Wired Business Conference 2017 Work Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email apple Architecture Wired Business Conference 2017 Work Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Email Author: Angela Watercutter. Angela Watercutter Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 6:13 pm. 6:13 pm Westworld’s Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So Dystopian Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy.Cole Wilson for WIRED The first season of Westworld wasted no time in going from “hey cool, robots!” to “well, that was bleak.” Death, destruction, android torture—it’s all been there from the pilot onward. Then again, on a show about a theme park staffed with sentient robots—sorry, “hosts”—those outcomes are exactly what audiences have come to expect. If science fiction has taught folks anything, it’s that the machines will always rise up against humankind. But why does sci-fi always veer dystopian? Westworld’s creators have a theory. Storytelling, according to show co-creator Jonathan Nolan, serves an evolutionary purpose, allowing us to try out different realities. With sci-fi, because it’s so often forward-looking, “we’re inventing cautionary tales for ourselves,” Nolan said today at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York. In other words, when your creations would hurt a fly, it’s time to start worrying. ‘It's not going to be a beautiful lady or a beautiful man who is going to come and be your overlord.’ So does that mean Nolan and his co-creator (and wife) Lisa Joy think Westworld is a foreseeable future? Not entirely. For Nolan, the robots on his show represent more of an allegory for human behavior than a cautionary tale. And Joy sees Westworld, and sci-fi in general, as an opportunity to talk about what humanity could or should do if things start to go wrong, especially now that advancements in artificial intelligence technologies are making things like androids seem far more plausible than before. “We’re leaping into the age of the unfathomable, the time when machines [can do things we can’t],” Joy said. Even though their show loosely taps into the dystopian trope of the AI uprising, Westworld’s co-creators don’t think the actual AI being developed right now will lead to total apocalypse. Instead, Joy said, little bits of AI—like Amazon predicting your purchasing needs or cars helping you drive home—will take over people’s lives piecemeal. Right now, however, “these technologies don’t have a moral compass yet,” Nolan said, adding that thanks to the algorithms telling people what news they might want to read and what opinions they might want to hear, “we’re in a time of artificial ignorance.” If and when true androids do arrive, though, don’t expect them to look like the passing-for-human hosts of Westworld, though. “We anthropomorphized what the AI will look like,” Joy says. “That’s not going to happen. It’s not going to be a beautiful lady or a beautiful man who is going to come and be your overlord.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. TV Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email TV Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 6:00 pm. 6:00 pm Andy Rubin Has a Plan to Smarten Up the Connected Home Andy Rubin speaks with WIRED’s Jason Tanz. Cole Wilson for WIRED Andy Rubin is an excellent sharer. The longtime inventor, founder of Android, and current CEO of two companies—tech incubator Playground and gadget maker Essential—believes strongly that the best way to invent the future is to do it together. That’s why he encourages the companies he funds and advises at Playground to share technology, he said today at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York. “A lot of those building blocks are pretty repetitive,” Rubin said. “So a lot of the work this team does is repeatable.” For the same reason, Rubin’s already sharing details of how Essential plans to organize and orchestrate the smart home, and then help others do the same. Essential only launched publicly at the end of May, introducing two products: a phone and a smart-home hub. The phone, Rubin told the Business Conference crowd, is a necessary first step for the company. “Your phone is your main screen,” he said. “You probably sleep with your phone two feet away from you on your nightstand.” (Guilty.) The screen in your pocket is your primary point of access for all the communication, work, and time-wasting you do in a day. Rubin wanted to make a great phone, earn space in your pocket, and then start to build new tech atop that platform. The long-term vision for Essential, Rubin said, is more closely aligned with the Essential Home, which Rubin hopes you’ll put in your kitchen or living room and use to control all the connected devices where you live. Just don’t call it a smart speaker, or compare it to an Amazon Echo. “It’s beginning to explore the relationships of the mixed-mode interface,” Rubin said. “You have a touchscreen and an LCD combined with speech, combined with the other sensors you have in your home like cameras and doorbells and locks.” The Home’s job is to take your August Smart Lock, your Nest thermostat, your Philips Hue lights, and that Samsung fridge you bought with a huge touchscreen, and make them all work together. Right now, they don’t; they’re all built on different ecosystems and platforms that refuse to talk together. “Everybody’s building islands,” Rubin said. “And they’re expecting people to plug into them. When really what has to happen is—and this happened with Android—these islands need bridges.” Rubin admitted this is hard work, and a long road. But he’s even starting to think about Essential’s next product. There’s Home, Phone—and maybe soon, Car. Rubin specifically mentioned the potential power of a really smart dashcam anyone can put in their car. Before he gets there, Rubin has a phone and a smart-home hub to ship. And a whole lot of bridges to build. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Andy Rubin smart home smartphones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email Andy Rubin smart home smartphones Author: Megan Molteni. Megan Molteni Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 5:03 pm. 5:03 pm Crispr May Cure All Genetic Disease—One Day Jennifer Doudna. Cole Wilson for WIRED Jennifer Doudna was sitting in her UC Berkeley office when she got the first call from a reporter asking what she thought about scientists using Crispr to modify embryos. At the time, the embryos in question were monkeys. It was late 2014, and Doudna was just beginning to become the face of Crispr/Cas9—the bacterial enzyme behind today’s gene editing revolution. Since then she has fielded an ongoing avalanche of questions about the implications of her discovery. How it’s going to change the future of everything from medicine to agriculture to energy production. But inevitably the questions always get around to super-babies. Today, at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York, it took just a few minutes. Doudna said it was exactly this possibility—Crispr custom-designed human offspring—that made her take a step back from her own research and get involved in public discussions around the technology. For the last few years she’s been speaking to scientists, politicians, and federal regulators around the world about the potential risks and rewards of Crispr. “I think it’s really likely that in the not-too-distant future it will cure genetic disease,” she said. “But globally we need to come up with a consensus on moving forward in a responsible way.” In 2015, Doudna was part of a broad coalition of leading biologists who agreed to a worldwide moratorium on gene editing to the “germ line,” which is to say, edits that get passed along to subsequent generations. But it’s legally non-binding, and scientists in China have already begun experiments that involve editing the genome of human embryos. Using Crispr to cure inheritable genetic diseases is still a long way off, and fraught with ethical potholes. Which is why Doudna said people who are excited about the possibilities of Crispr shouldn’t look to the clinic for its first big successes, but rather to the farm field. “When I think about where we are likely to see the biggest impacts in the shortest amount of time, I really think it’s going to be in agriculture,” she said. Plant breeders have always been geneticists at heart. And with the precision and ease of Crispr, identifying and separating out desirable traits has the potential to speed up new crop development by several orders of magnitude. Agro-giants DuPont and Monsanto have invested in Crispr licenses to accelerate their R&D efforts toward creating crops that can withstand changing climates and new disease and pest burdens. In test plots around the world gene edited crops are already growing—from longer-lasting potatoes and flood-resistant rice to drought-hardy corn and mildew-proof wheat, to name just a few. As a tomato farmer, Doudna was most excited about a paper that came out just last month. In it, scientists from Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York tackled some of the crop’s trickiest modern traits. While wild plants benefit from dropping fruit—it helps seed dispersal—farmers want plants where the fruit stays on, so mechanical pickers have an easier time harvesting them. When breeders found a trait called ‘jointless’ that did keep the fruit on the vine, they rushed to incorporate it into their domesticated tomato varieties. But when they crossed ‘jointless’ into existing tomato breeds, the resulting plants put out all these extra branches, actually diminishing the number of fruits they produced. Using genetics to trace back 10,000 years of tomato domestication, Cold Spring Harbor researchers discovered which genes led to that weird branching. Then they used Crispr to edit their activity. The result—tomato plants with great yields that don’t drop their fruits. “For me, that really illustrates the potential for this,” Doudna said. “Crispr allows plant breeders to do things that would have been very difficult, sometimes impossible in the past.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. biotechnology CRISPR/Cas9 gene editing Science Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email biotechnology CRISPR/Cas9 gene editing Science Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Tom Simonite. Tom Simonite Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 3:50 pm. 3:50 pm Google’s AI Eye Doctor Gets Ready to Go to Work in India Lily Peng speaks with WIRED’s Sarah Fallon.Cole Wilson for WIRED Google is poised to begin a grand experiment in using machine learning to widen access to healthcare. If it is successful, it could see the company help protect millions of people with diabetes from an eye disease that leads to blindness. Last year researchers at the search and ads company announced that they had trained image recognition algorithms to detect signs of diabetes-related eye disease roughly as well as human experts. The software examines photos of a patient’s retina to spot tiny aneurisms indicating the early stages of a condition called diabetic retinopathy, which causes blindness if untreated. At the 2017 WIRED Business Conference in New York City today, a leader of Google’s project said that work has begun on integrating the technology into a chain of eye hospitals in India. The country is one of the many places around the world where a lack of ophthalmologists means many diabetics don’t get the recommended annual screening for diabetic retinopathy, said Lily Peng, a product manager with the Google Brain AI research group. “This kind of blindness is completely preventable, but because people can’t get screened, half suffer vision loss before they’re detected,” she said, describing the current situation in India. “One of the promises of this technology is being able to make healthcare more accessible.” There are more than 400 million people worldwide with diabetes, including 70 million in India. Peng, who is an MD, was featured on WIRED’s Next List of 20 tech visionaries creating the future earlier this year. In India, Google is working with the Aravind Eye Care System, a network of eye hospitals established in the late 1970s and credited with helping reduce the incidence of blindness caused by cataracts in the country. Aravind helped Google develop its retinal screening system by contributing some of the images needed to train its image parsing algorithms. The system uses the same deep learning technique that allows Google’s image search and photo storage service do things like differentiate between dogs, cats, and people. Google’s paper last year just described the accuracy of that technology when applied to retinal images, not its use in the clinic. Peng said today that Google has just finished a clinical study in India—meaning the technology was used in real patient care—with Aravind. Work is now under way on getting the technology into routine use with patients, she said. Peng dismissed suggestions that while this technology might be good for patients, it could mean fewer jobs for doctors. She said Google’s algorithms would instead do screening work not being done today due to skills shortages while freeing physicians for more important tasks. “There’s not enough expertise to go, we need to have our specialists working on treating people who are sick,” said Peng. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Artificial Intelligence automation google healthcare machine learning Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email Artificial Intelligence automation google healthcare machine learning Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 3:21 pm. 3:21 pm The Day Will Come When Your Credit Card Will Disappear Jim McCarthy.Cole Wilson for WIRED Visa is one of the most recognized brands in the world. Its logo is synonymous with the plastic forms of payment for which the company is still best known. The ability to pay for things with a debit card or your smartphone instead of having to carry around cash (or something to barter) is sort of miraculous. For nearly the whole of human history, and in many parts of the world still, economies have been built on the premise of physical mediums of exchange. If Visa’s innovation chief Jim McCarthy has his way, Visa itself may soon become invisible. “The magic of Uber and Amazon, they made payment kind of disappear,” McCarthy said at the 2017 Wired Business Conference in New York today. (Visa is the conference’s main corporate sponsor.) Naturally, McCarthy wants Visa to stay at the center of the payments ecosystem, even as the consumer-side of paying for stuff becomes less visible. And to do that, he says, Visa has focused on making it easier for tech companies like Apple and Samsung to tap into Visa’s services. As an example, when you use something like Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the software actually creates a unique card number for each of your devices. So if you have an iPhone, a Samsung Gear watch, and a debit card, each one of those has a unique card number tied back to your bank account. If one of your accounts is compromised, new numbers can be created for the devices in the background without you ever having to know about it Eventually, that that could mean the end of having to manually change your credit card number with every different service every time you get a new card. To make all that work, the payment apps actually have to communicate with Visa’s servers to generate and process card numbers. It’s not hard to imagine more radical scenarios, like the ability to simply walk into a store, take what you want, and leave without having to worry about the entire payment process. When that finally happens, Visa wants to be there, making all the hard parts of sending and receiving money around the world look easy. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. payments visa Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email payments visa Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Arielle Pardes. Arielle Pardes Gear Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 2:34 pm. 2:34 pm Amazon Imagines a Future of Infinite Computing Power David Limp speaks with WIRED editor-in-chief Nicholas Thompson. When David Limp thinks about the future of Alexa, the AI assistant he oversees at Amazon, he imagines a world not unlike Star Trek—a future in which you could be anywhere, asking anything, and an ambient computer would be there to fulfill your every need. “Imagine a world in the not-so-distant future where you could have infinite computing power and infinite storage,” Limp said today at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York. “If you take off the constrains of servers and building up infrastructure, what could you do?” Limp, who has worked at Amazon since 2010 as the senior vice president for devices, sees Alexa as a critical part of this future. Already, you can shout “Hey, Alexa,” and get the assistant to tell you the weather forecast, turn off the lights, hail an Uber, or thousands of other things that Amazon and developers have trained it to do. But Limp says there’s still plenty more work to be done before we live in the AI-assisted future he thinks about every day, and much of that effort has to do with training machines to better understand humans. Since Alexa made its debut in 2014, the virtual assistant has taken lease in dedicated devices like the Echo, Tap, Echo Dot, Echo Look, Echo Show, as well as dozens of other supported devices. All that interaction with humans has given Alexa plenty of voice data to parse through—data that’s helped train the assistant to understand preferences, recognize different accents, even figure out the intent of a request without specific keywords. A year ago, if you’d told Alexa to “order a car,” it wouldn’t have understood what you meant. (What, like, order one from the Amazon Marketplace?) Now, through improved machine learning, Alexa knows what you mean and will prompt you to enable an Uber or Lyft skill so that it can summon your ride. Of course, Alexa is far from perfect. Limp says one near-future goal would be improving Alexa’s understanding of anaphora—so if you ask, “Who’s the president of the United States?” and then follow up by asking, “How old is he?” Alexa knows you’re still talking about Donald Trump. Amazon is also tinkering with Alexa’s short-term and long-term memory, so that the bot can recall context from yesterday’s conversation as well as the thing you asked it five seconds ago. Those changes involve a shift toward making devices that aren’t personal but can work for everyone. Think more like a wall clock in the kitchen, which everyone in a household can glance at to get the time, rather than a smartphone, which is designed for one person to use. “As we design the interfaces for Alexa, whether voice or graphical, it’s about making it ambient and so that anybody can use it,” Limp said on stage. “If you ask for a timer and I ask for a timer, they’re both going to work.” In a world where devices will surround people all the time, those gadgets will have to understand what humans mean, however they choose to say it. For anyone who uses Alexa, that education is already under way: Every time someone talks to their Echo, the world inches a little bit closer to that Starship Enterprise future Limp imagines. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Alexa Amazon Artificial Intelligence machine learning voice recognition Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email Alexa Amazon Artificial Intelligence machine learning voice recognition Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 2:19 pm. 2:19 pm How Google Copes When Even It Can’t Afford Enough Gear Urs Hölzle and Google’s AI chip, the TPU 2.0.Cole Wilson for WIRED Urs Hölzle has a big job. As senior vice president of technical infrastructure at Google, he’s in charge of the hundreds of thousands of servers in data centers spread across the planet to power the company’s ever widening range of services. He’s also the person that the company’s engineers turn to when all that computing power turns out not to be enough. Today at the 2017 Wired Business Conference in New York, Hölze explained that even with its enormous resources, Google has had to find ways to economize its operations in order to meet its ambitious goals. Most recently, he said, the company was forced to start building its own artificial intelligence chips because the company’s existing infrastructure just wouldn’t cut it. Around five years ago, Jeff Dean, who ran Google’s artificial intelligence group, realized that his team’s technique for speech recognition was getting really good. So good in fact, that he thought it was ready to move from the lab to the real world by powering Android’s voice-control system. But when Dean and Hölzle ran the numbers, they realized that if every Android user in the world used about three minutes of voice recognition time per day, Google would need twice as much computing power to handle it all. The world’s largest computing infrastructure, in other words, would have to double in size. “Even for Google that is not something you can afford, because Android is free, Android speech recognition is free, and you want to keep it free, and you can’t double your infrastructure to do that,” Hölzle says. What Google decided to do instead, Hölzle said, is create a whole new type of chip specialized exclusively for machine learning. He likens traditional CPU chips to everyday cars—they have to do a lot of things relatively well to make sure you get where you’r going. An AI chip, on the other hand, has to do just one thing exceptionally well. “What we built was the equivalent of a drag race car, it can only do one thing, go straight as fast as it can,” he says. “Everything else it is really, really bad at, but this one thing it is super good at.” Google’s custom chips could handle AI tasks far more efficiently than traditional chips, which meant the company could support not just voice recognition, but a broad range of other tasks as well without breaking the bank. Pattern Recognition This pattern has repeated itself again and again during Hölzle’s time at Google. He says that when he started at the company in 1999 (he was somewhere between the seventh and 11th employee hired by Google, depending on how you count), Google only had around 50 servers and was straining to support the number of search queries it received each day. But even with $25 million in venture funding, the company couldn’t afford to buy enough ready-made servers to meet its growing demand. “If we had done it with the machines, the servers, that people were using, professional servers, real servers, that would have blown our $25 million in an instant,” he says. “It really was not an option, so we were forced to look for other ways to do the same thing more cheaply.” Related Stories Cade Metz Google Rattles the Tech World With a New AI Chip for All Cade Metz The Race To Build An AI Chip For Everything Just Got Real Cade Metz Building an AI Chip Saved Google From Building a Dozen New Data Centers So Hölzle and company built their own servers out of cheap parts. Each individual server was less powerful and reliable than a professional-grade machine, but together the clusters of computers they assembled was more powerful and reliable than what they could purchased otherwise. Google didn’t invent the idea of using big clusters of cheap machines in lieu of more expensive hardware—that honor might go to the nearly forgotten search engine Inktomi—but it did popularize the model by proving that it could work on a massive scale. Hölzle and his team had to do something similar years later when it found that off-the-shelf networking gear no longer met its needs. So few companies needed switches that could support the number machines Google had that no established networking company was interested in producing them. So, once again, Hölzle and his team had to build their own gear—something that other companies, like Facebook, now do as well. “These decisions become a lot easier if all the other alternatives are non-viable,” Hölzle says. “It’s not necessarily that we’re somehow bolder or more insightful, but it’s actually that for many of these things in our history, it was almost a forced choice, you didn’t really have a viable alternative that you could buy.” But Hölzle probably isn’t giving himself enough credit. Most people, after exhausting all the viable options, would conclude that their task is impossible. When Hölzle ran out of options, he created new ones. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. google Infrastructure Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email google Infrastructure Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Emily Dreyfuss. Emily Dreyfuss Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 12:10 pm. 12:10 pm Hacking Online Hate Means Talking to the Humans Behind It Yasmin Green, right, speaks with WIRED’s Issie Lapowsky.Cole Wilson for WIRED Yasmin Green leads a team at Google’s parent company with an audacious goal: solving the thorniest geopolitical problems that emerge online. Jigsaw, where she is the head of research and development, is a think tank within Alphabet tasked with fighting the unintended unsavory consequences of technological progress. Green’s radical strategy for tackling the dark side of the web? Talk directly to the humans behind it. That means listening to fake news creators, jihadis, and cyber bullies so that she and her team can understand their motivations, processes, and goals. “We look at censorship, cybersecurity, cyberattacks, ISIS—everything the creators of the internet did not imagine the internet would be used for,” Green said today at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York. Last week, Green traveled to Macedonia to meet with peddlers of fake news, those click-hungry opportunists who had such a sway over the 2016 presidential election in the US. Her goal was to understand the business model of fake news dissemination so that she and her team can create algorithms to identify the process and disrupt it. She learned that these content farms utilize social media and online advertising—the same tools used by legit online publishers. “[The problem of fake news] starts off in a way that algorithms should be able to detect,” she said. Her team is now working on a tool that could be shared across Google as well as competing platforms like Facebook and Twitter to thwart that system. ‘It’s mostly good people making bad decisions who join violent extremist groups.’ Along with fake news, Jigsaw is intensely focused on combatting online pro-terror propaganda. Last year, Green and her team travelled to Iraq to speak directly to ex-ISIS recruits. The conversations led to a tool called the Redirect Method, which uses machine learning detect extremist sympathies based on search patterns. Once detected, the Redirect Method serves these users videos that show the ugly side of ISIS—a counternarrative to the allure of the ideology. At the point that they are buying a ticket to join the caliphate, she said, it was too late. “It’s mostly good people making bad decisions who join violent extremist groups,” Green says. “So the job was: let’s respect that these people are not evil and they are buying into something and lets use the power of targeted advertising to reach them, the people who are sympathetic but not sold.” Since its launch last year, 300,000 people have watched videos served up by the Redirect Method—a total of more than half a million minutes, Green said. WIRED Business Conference Angela Watercutter Westworld’s Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So Dystopian Liz Stinson Apple’s Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be Flexible Megan Molteni Crispr May Cure All Genetic Disease—One Day Beyond fake news and extremism, Green’s team has also created a tool to target toxic speech in comment sections on news organizations’ sites. They created Perspective, a machine-learning algorithm that uses context and sentiment training to detect potential online harassment and alert moderators to the problem. The beta version is being used by the likes of the New York Times. But as Green explained, it’s a constantly evolving tool. One potential worry is that it could be itself biased against certain words, ideas, even tones of speech. To counteract that risk, Jigsaw decided not to open up the API to allow others to set the parameters themselves, fearing that an authoritarian regime might use the tool for full-on censorship. “We have to take measures to keep these tools from being misused,” she said. Just like the internet itself, which has been used in destructive ways its creators could never have imagined, Green is aware that the solutions her team creates could also be abused. That risk is always on her mind, she says. But it’s not a reason to stop trying. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. fake news google terrorism Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email fake news google terrorism Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Everything You Need to Know About James Comey’s Senate Hearing Security Everything You Need to Know About James Comey’s Senate Hearing Issie Lapowsky The Physics of Nearly Killing Yourself on a Motorcycle Science The Physics of Nearly Killing Yourself on a Motorcycle Rhett Allain The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Internet Culture The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Angela Watercutter Spoil Your Dad This Father’s Day With These 15 Great Gifts Gift Guide Spoil Your Dad This Father’s Day With These 15 Great Gifts Michael Calore The New Chrome and Safari Will Reshape the Web the web The New Chrome and Safari Will Reshape the Web Klint Finley Westworld’s Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So Dystopian TV Westworld’s Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So Dystopian Angela Watercutter Apple’s Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be Flexible Architecture Apple’s Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be Flexible Liz Stinson The Chatbot Therapist Will See You Now Bots The Chatbot Therapist Will See You Now Megan Molteni More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Design Design Get Ready for Skyscrapers Made of Wood. (Yes, Wood) Liz Stinson Design Apple’s New Campus: An Exclusive Look Inside the Mothership Steven Levy TV Westworld’s Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So Dystopian Voice Interfaces The Surprising Repercussions of Making AI Assistants Sound Human Liz Stinson Liz Stinson A Sensor That Could Soon Make Homes Scary-Smart Liz Stinson Gift Guide Spoil Your Dad This Father’s Day With These 15 Great Gifts Michael Calore We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours We typically don't suggest camping in your car. But for the sake of seeing what a driverless future looks like? Sure wrd.cm/2sFA6Fs Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours We typically don't suggest camping in your car. But for the sake of seeing what a driverless future looks like? Sure wrd.cm/2sFA6Fs Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Calendar SF Bay Area Events Promotion Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv iMac and MacBook Early Reviews: Iterative Updates With Welcome Performance Boosts – Mac Rumors Posted on Jun 7 2017 - 3:14pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as Business 20 Related Einstein still annoyingly right as researchers weigh white dwarf – Ars Technica Mac Rumors At the WWDC keynote on Monday, Apple announced a collection of hardware refreshes for the MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac, which users are already able to order on Apple.com. Across the line of Macs, Apple added faster Kaby Lake processors, faster … 10.5-inch iPad Pro vs 12.9-inch iPad Pro (2017): What’s The Difference?Forbes iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editorThe Verge WWDC 2017: We don’t need better Macs. We need more powerful iPads.ZDNet CNET –Engadget –PCMag –Computerworld all 752 news articles …read more Source:: Business News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Las Vegas Stadium Authority June 8th - Oakland Raiders & UNLV NFL Sublease On Agenda NBA Finals | Warriors 118 Cavs 113 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 Talk Oakland Raiders NFL News | NBA Finals Warriors Stun Cavs Win 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 118 - 113 After NBA Finals Game 3 Zennie62 Live On YouTube #NBAFinals Steph Curry Steals Ball From LeBron James In NBA Finals Game 3 2017 James Comey | James Comey Statement For Senate Select Committee On Intelligence Pican Oakland Restaurant To Close After 8 Year Run In Uptown | Pican Oakland Marshawn Lynch To Oakland Raiders Because Of Las Vegas NFL Plans Eric Decker | Eric Decker WR NY Jets Released Today | Eric Decker George and Amal Clooney Welcome Twins as George Is Sedated Marshawn Lynch Run, Wonder Woman Is Oakland Raiders Fan - Tell Las Vegas Steve Sisolak http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Apple built a machine just for replacing iPhone screens - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple built a machine just for replacing iPhone screens Posted: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 5:54 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 6:24 PM EDT The company is deploying 400 of these machines to authorized retailers in 25 countries by the end of the year, according to Apple. They will be able to do same-day screen repairs. By Heather Kelly SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- Replacing a cracked iPhone screen isn't as simple as swapping out a piece of glass and turning a few tiny screws. At least not according to Apple, which has built a custom machine to repair cracked and shattered iPhone screens. The company is deploying 400 of these machines to authorized retailers in 25 countries by the end of the year, according to Apple. They will be able to do same-day screen repairs. The machines do more than just replace the glass. They put the phone through a mini-factory process, optimizing the display for each individual device, says Apple. The glass is connected to a number of sensors and, if not replaced correctly, could lead to dead spots on the screen, a broken fingerprint sensor or home button and unsightly raised edges. Apple says it has had the devices, called Horizon Machines, for a few years. Some authorized stores in the Bay Area, London and a few other locations have been using them as part of a pilot program. This is the first major roll out for the technology, and one Apple hopes will reduce the number of people queued up at its Genius Bars. Typically, authorized Apple stores need to send a phone away to an Apple service facility to be repaired, which could take days. But not everyone lives near an Apple store, so independent stores and sites have popped up around the world to meet the demand for quick and cheap phone screen repairs. Apple has lowered the price for a replacement to $129 for newer devices, and $29 if you have Apple Care. But for people without Apple Care, that little kiosk in the middle of a mall can be a better deal. Authorized third-party service providers can set their own prices for repairs using the machine. Having a non-Apple technician swap out your screen no longer automatically voids the iPhone's warranty. However, if it has resulted in deeper problems inside the device, Apple repair might charge more to fix it. Like other hardware companies, Apple has tried to keep tight control over repairs for its products. Users are discouraged from attempting any repairs themselves, even something as simple as installing a new battery. Any unofficial tinkering can void warranties, violate end license user agreements, even break the law. The roll out was first reported by Reuters, which got a sneak peak of the machine. It says they're the size of a microwave and use a mechanical finger to repeatedly poke the screen in order to test its sensitivity. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9     Related Articles What Apple’s Forthcoming APFS File System Means to You (24 Jun 16)     Published in TidBITS 1371. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Silently Updates AirPods Firmware to 3.7.2 Apple TV to Get Amazon Prime Video and More Later in 2017 Apple Will Enter Smart Speaker Market in December with HomePod iPad Pro Gets More Professional iOS 11 Gets Smarter in Small Ways watchOS 4 Focuses on Fun and Fundamentals TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 5 June 2017 ExtraBITS for 5 June 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 05 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (24) Tripping to macOS 10.13 High Sierra by Tonya Engst If you’re Apple, and you’re looking for a name for your new version of macOS, which is aimed at being a refinement to the previous version, what do you do? Name it High Sierra and make stoner jokes about how it’s fully baked. For film buffs, like our own Michael Cohen, Apple could instead have gone with a quote from the 1941 flick “High Sierra,” in which a character named Big Mac says, “Times have sure changed.” The rest of us might identify with Humphrey Bogart’s character, Roy Earle, who replies, saying “Yeah, ain’t they? You know, Mac, sometimes I feel like I don’t know what it’s all about anymore.” Under the hood, macOS 10.13 High Sierra will usher in the new APFS file system, H.265 HEVC video, and Metal 2 graphics. These changes will upgrade the Mac to a modern file system, bring a new industry standard for video compression to the Mac, and provide significantly enhanced graphics processing. They show that Apple is serious about the Mac’s future and about making necessary upgrades for Mac users in graphics-intensive creative fields like animation and virtual reality. Apple also announced a few welcome tweaks to its core apps. Apple developers can access the High Sierra developer preview now, and a public beta should be available later in June. Apple expects to release High Sierra to the general public this fall (expect September or October). The upgrade will be free and run on all systems that support macOS 10.12 Sierra. It’s All About Speed -- The new 64-bit file system, called APFS, stands for Apple File System, and it’s not just for the Mac — it’s already in iOS 10.3 and will become part of tvOS and watchOS. Because APFS is decades newer than the HFS+ file system that the Mac uses currently, it was designed with modern-day concerns in mind, such as how to best work with solid-state drives. APFS won’t make the Finder look different, but it should provide better performance: a task like displaying the size of a folder or duplicating a large file should go far more quickly. You can also look forward to features such as native encryption, faster backups, and better behavior in the case of power outages or system freezes (see “What Apple’s Forthcoming APFS File System Means to You,” 24 June 2016). The new HEVC (High-Efficiency Video Coding, also known as H.265) provides 40 percent better video compression for 4K video than the previous H.264 standard, as well as hardware acceleration when used on certain newer Macs and with Apple’s Pro tools. In essence, in High Sierra, video should take up less space and stream better. Metal 2 replaces the previous Metal API and is a big deal for developers — and by extension for anyone who wants the Mac to be taken seriously as a high-end creative platform. Apple’s description of Metal 2 lists the goodies expected in Metal 2, including GPU-driven pipelines, enhanced machine learning, and support for virtual reality rendering on external GPUs. Apple also announced an External Graphics Developer Kit, but details are still fuzzy. We’re still bummed that Apple passed on the opportunity to call it Heavy Metal. App Enhancements -- Apps that will see improvements in High Sierra include Safari, Mail, and Photos. The Safari Web browser will, to be blunt, show Web pages that look and sound less trashy. Safari’s Reader view is enabled automatically for every Web article that supports it, removing ads, navigation, and distractions. Autoplay Blocking will stop media playback from occurring when you open a page — Macworld, we’re looking at you! Safari’s new Intelligent Tracking Prevention will remove tracking data that allows third parties to access your browsing history. In addition to enhancing your privacy, this feature may cause you to see fewer ads based on products you’ve researched or purchased in the past. You’ll be able to customize all these features on a per-site basis, and the same applies to page zoom, location services, notifications, and content blockers. Search in the Mail app will be faster and feature a Top Hits area in the results that will attempt to display the “most relevant” results. This feature is designed to learn from your actions, so the more you use it, the better the results should get. Mail will also have a new full-screen split view that puts the compose window next to your messages and better message compression, allowing it to consume less disk space. Photos receives important tweaks that should interest many types of users. The interface will include a persistent sidebar and a redesigned Edit view. Facial recognition training you perform on one device will now appear on all your devices, the Memories feature has new categories, and new editing tools will help with fine-tuning and color saturation. In the fun department, you’ll be able to edit Live Photos like the mini-movies that they are, with looping, reversing, trimming, and picking a key frame. You’ll also be able to turn a Live Photo into a long exposure to blur movement. Photos will also finally bring back integration with external editors such as Photoshop and Pixelmator that was last seen in iPhoto. It will support third-party extensions so you can export projects to non-Apple printing services, such as Animoto and Shutterfly. Other changes that Apple announced include more natural voices for Siri, simple tables in Notes, flight information in Spotlight, Siri music recommendations in Apple Music, and the capability to share a link to a file stored in iCloud Drive with anyone. The last feature noted on Apple’s Web page about High Sierra mentions iCloud storage plans for a family; presumably more details will be forthcoming. Tripping to High Sierra -- Perhaps we at TidBITS can be accused of inhaling, but reactions to High Sierra were generally positive. We’re always in favor of Apple refining existing features that seem, well, half-baked. In the end, High Sierra adds timely improvements that will make every day use of apps like Safari and Photos more enjoyable while simultaneously adding foundational enhancements to enable previously unimaginable capabilities on the upcoming iMac Pro and promised Mac Pros. Apple even demoed some of this during the keynote by showing off a real-time virtual reality creation environment that was used to create a Star Wars experience. It may or may not have been the sort of thing anyone could do, but it was impressive. Right now the future looks groovy for macOS.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to W.P. Fleischmann, Daniel Jalkut, Lucas Trask, and Larry Deckel for their generous support!   Comments about Tripping to macOS 10.13 High Sierra To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple today announced that macOS 10.13 High Sierra will include important under-the-hood improvements, as well as targeted tweaks to Apple apps. The free update to macOS will run on all Macs that can run macOS 10.12 Sierra. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michel Hedley  2017-06-05 22:32 You are using US jargon again. The world doesn't use the term Fall. Why not use the well used words for months. Just because Apple is California-centric there is no need for TidBits to follow suit. Now about the US-centric but strange date format ... Reply Craig Cruden  2017-06-05 22:54 The important parts of the world do use the term Fall (Canada). Not to mention that Autumn is not that efficient and it forces you to open your mouth wider and you end up swallowing flies during the spring if you do. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-05 23:41 Well, considering Apple uses "fall", I would argue that TidBits is just reporting what Apple said without editorializing. ;-) Reply Tonya Engst   2017-06-06 10:08 Scott is correct here, but I found this thread amusing. As an editor for TidBITS/Take Control, I've asked authors to revise their text dozens of times, reminding them that the seasons are different in the southern hemisphere and noting that someone always complains if we imply that all our readers are in the north. Yesterday, when filling the role of writer, I did feel that "fall" was what Apple said and that writing "Q3" wouldn't be right, since "fall" might mean early November (though probably not). My hope was that the parenthetical "(expect September of October)" would be sufficient, because our southern readers would work out what I meant. But, I see now that it is impossible — someone will complain... and if one person complains then others noticed as well but didn't bother to write in about it. Next time, I'll try to find an elegant way to quote Apple's "fall" and explain it differently. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-06 10:36 What?!? Not every one lives in the north? The King in the North! ;-) FWIW, Apple states "Coming this fall" on the website for both iOS 11 and macOS High Sierra (still think that is a stupid name...of all the California landmarks, that is the best they can do...although it did lend itself to some nice, corny jokes). For the iMac Pro and HomePod on the website it says "Available December". Now, I will note that I am seeing the US Apple website...maybe they make regional adjustments/corrections, but I kind of doubt it. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 11:33 We explained our date format style a decade ago. It's very intentional, and not particularly U.S. centric. :-) http://tidbits.com/article/8749 Then, in issue #1000 (from 2009), we updated our canonical date format to spell out the month name and use four digits for the year so it would be easier to read in running text. Reply John Cooper  2017-06-06 12:30 To try to please readers such as Michel who don't want to engage in the same sort of inner translation that I make every time I read one of the many U.K.-based Mac sites, I would probably phrase things along the following lines: "Apple expects to release High Sierra to the general public during the U.S. fall season (expect September or October)." Reply Tonya Engst   2017-06-06 13:02 That's a nice way or wording it. Thanks for the idea. Reply James Pannozzi  2017-06-06 03:50 Oh LOOK everyone ! An article mentioning the new Mac file system which somehow avoided ALL mention of the BETTER file system known as ZFS that Apple could have used but shut down the project. Too bad it's STILL available, developed outside Apple, free, and works stunningly well. https://openzfsonosx.org/ Reply Derek Currie  2017-06-06 08:21 Please look at comparison lists between APFS and ZFS. They're extremely similar. I personally think of APFS as Apple ZFS or Son Of ZFS. Oh and my understanding of Apple's abandonment of the formal ZFS standard is that Oracle reneged on their promise to contribute to the project. Sound familiar? A similar scenario is why we now have LibreOffice. Reply Tonya Engst   2017-06-06 10:14 Yes, the purpose of this article was to share the news from the WWDC keynote. For the most part, I left it to the comments or other articles to analyze the merits of the choices that underlie the features. Reply James Pannozzi  2017-06-06 10:22 Descended from Mount Illumos, ZFS would have made possible easy file exchanges between Macs and something called the Linux operating system, used on MANY servers. But why use something standard when you can go proprietary and retain control, eh ? How many more features available on older Macs will quietly disappear in the newer OSX releases so that you can be forced to use the "CLOUD", eh? The O3X crowd is moving right along, I think only ZFS encryption is among the things they haven't done (of course using logical volumes, you can use the Mac file system encryption). The time for proprietary things LOCKING you into Macs is over. They have their uses, and for other things, other systems have theirs. The myth that OSX is "special" IS OVER. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-06-07 00:16 Wishful thinking. Reply James French  2017-06-06 04:39 Thanks for this excellent roundup of yesterday’s keynote. I think you missed one big improvement for Photos (big for me, anyway). It will now sync Faces info between devices, at last. This has been driving me mad! Reply Tonya Engst   2017-06-06 09:58 James, the article above does mention the upcoming new/better behavior of the Faces feature, but it also mentions several other new Photos feature, so I can see how you'd overlook it. I was surprised that the feature didn't work that way in Sierra. Reply Derek Currie  2017-06-06 08:18 Now that the Mac is moving to APFS, I strongly suspect we're going to have to pay for upgrades for our disk utilities. Start saving now! Reply Steve Nicholson  2017-06-06 09:02 Early in the High Sierra demo, Craig talked about how Safari smokes the competition. I'm not sure if he was still riffing on the stoner jokes or if that was accidental. It made me laugh either way. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 11:34 Oh, I'm sure it was intentional. :-) Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:38 As somebody who's been quite critical of Apple in the last few years, I was pleased with what I read here about mac OS High Sierra. I like the idea of a Snow Leopard style update that focuses on improvements, refined underlying tech, and clean-up rather than adding a lot of flashy nonsense that everybody will have forgotten two days after the release (Ping?). Regarding this "The new HEVC provides ... hardware acceleration when used on certain newer Macs and with Apple’s Pro tools." What "certain newer Macs" are we talking about here? Will dedicated GPUs be required? Or will Intel Iris graphics for example be able to hardware accelerate? Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-06-07 00:20 A good question. No doubt Apple will release more details, but my guess is that discreet GPUs will be required, which will shut out many Mac laptops. Reply Cory  2017-06-06 21:16 A fun read that kept me going right to the end. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-06-07 00:25 Thanks for the summary of High Sierra. It was a much easier read than the puffy descriptions on Apple's web site. I look forward to the new features in Safari. Currently you can click on the microphone in a tab that is playing a video, but the ability to shut them off globally will be a godsend. The tracking blocking will also be welcome. The security extensions I currently use in Safari don't address either of those problems. Reply Scott Slade  2017-06-07 13:13 Adam, any indication that the PDFKit framework will be more stable in High Sierra? Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 16:45 Way too soon to know, but we'll keep an eye on it as the betas progress. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple today announced that macOS 10.13 High Sierra will include important under-the-hood improvements, as well as targeted tweaks to Apple apps. The free update to macOS will run on all Macs that can run macOS 10.12 Sierra. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Tonya Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Login All Reviews Editorials News DirecTV Now Dropping Support for Safari, Going Chrome Only Starting July 1st The New 2017 iMac: Notes & Tidbits on RAM Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Tips macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 Podcasts Gruber's Talk Show Live, iMac Pro, and HomePod - ACM 414 Apple Pay Cash, Planet of the Apps - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-07 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Protecting against Mac Data Corruption America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable View All Editorials → Apple Pay Cash, Planet of the Apps – TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-07 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Jun 7th, 2017 1:21 PM EDT | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Bryan Chaffin and Jeff Butts join jeff Gamet to look at Apple Pay Cash, plus they share their first impressions on Apple’s Planet of the Apps premiere. MP3 Feed Feedback TDO 2017-06-07: Apple Pay Cash 1:21 PM Jun. 7th, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Bryan Chaffin and Jeff Butts join jeff Gamet to look at Apple Pay Cash, plus they share their first impressions on Apple’s Planet of the... Sponsors Take control of your email and inbox with SaneBox. It pre-filters your messages and learns what you want to see most, reminds you to follow up on email, and more. You don’t have to learn a new app, either, because it works with the email client you already use. You can try out SaneBox free for two weeks, and TDO listeners gets a special $15 credit towards a subscription at the SaneBox website. Apple Pay Cash Every Apple Software Announcement at WWDC Working Smarter for Mac Users Working Smarter for Mac Users on Apple’s iBooks Store Planet of the Apps first impressions TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Pay Cash, Planet of the Apps, podcast, WWDC, wwdc2017 Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod Bryan Chaffin | June 7, 2017 iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Andrew Orr | June 7, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.29 -0.08 (-0.05%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 18687 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1496841686 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News DirecTV Now Dropping Support for Safari, Going Chrome Only Starting July 1st The New 2017 iMac: Notes & Tidbits on RAM Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Tips macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 Podcasts Gruber's Talk Show Live, iMac Pro, and HomePod - ACM 414 Apple Pay Cash, Planet of the Apps - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-07 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Protecting against Mac Data Corruption America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable View All Editorials → Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 Jeff Butts @clefmeister · +Jeff Butts 1 minute read Jun 7th, 2017 3:54 PM EDT | Quick Tip Along with the Developer Beta 1 of iOS 11, Apple also recently released the first preview version of watchOS 4. This developer beta brings some under-the-hood enhancements, new watch faces, and more intelligence and fitness features. It also includes something that wasn’t announced. Many, including me, have been hoping for this. You can now ditch the awkward honeycomb app grid and get a list of your installed apps. You can finally ditch the honeycomb app grid with watchOS 4 How to get rid of the Honeycomb app grid To change how your apps are displayed, you need to press the Digital Crown to get to your Apple Watch Home screen. Then, Force Touch the screen and a brand new configuration panel will show up. Let this be the last time you see the honeycomb app grid. Force Touch to change it Choose between Grid View and List View. Choose between grid view or list view Once you’ve made the switch, you can scroll normally through your apps in a list, sorted alphabetically. You can also rotate the Digital Crown to move through your apps. With the new List View, your apps are sorted alphabetically No Other Apple Watch App Sorting Options (For Now) There isn’t any way to rearrange your apps in List View, at least for now. Bear in mind, though, that this is only Developer Beta 1 of watchOS 4. More changes may be yet to come in future beta versions of the wearable operating system. The developer beta is available now, and the full release is expected in Fall 2017. A Word of Warning About watchOS 4 It’s also worth noting that watchOS 4 will leave some iPhone owners out in the cold. It requires a paired iPhone 5S or later with iOS 11 to download and install. This is because Apple has removed 32-bit device support in iOS 11. Devices like the iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, and iPhone 5C are only 32-bit devices, so they aren’t supported by the latest version of the operating system. For more on what we know so far about watchOS 4, check out our write-up of the WWDC 2017 announcement. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Watch, honeycomb app grid, watchOS, watchOS 4 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too Here are the iPhones and iPads that Won't Run iOS 11 Now That Apple’s Announced the iMac Pro, What Does This Mean for Mac Pro Design? - Page 2 of 3 Apple's WWDC Keynote Was One We Never Dreamed Could Happen Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod Bryan Chaffin | June 7, 2017 iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Andrew Orr | June 7, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.26 -0.11 (-0.07%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » DirecTV Now Dropping Support for Safari, Going Chrome Only Starting July 1st The New 2017 iMac: Notes & Tidbits on RAM Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Apple Design Awards 2017 Winners Include Bear and AirMail Protecting against Mac Data Corruption Recent Tips See All » macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 iOS 11: Record Your iPhone Screen Without an App iOS 11 Developer Beta 1 Helps Manage Storage macOS Mail: Making a "Not Replied To" Smart Mailbox Recent Editorials See All » Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Protecting against Mac Data Corruption Now That Apple’s Announced the iMac Pro, What Does This Mean for Mac Pro Design? Apple's WWDC Keynote Was One We Never Dreamed Could Happen 18721 Jeff Butts quick-tip 0 1496850892 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News DirecTV Now Dropping Support for Safari, Going Chrome Only Starting July 1st The New 2017 iMac: Notes & Tidbits on RAM Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Tips macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 Podcasts Gruber's Talk Show Live, iMac Pro, and HomePod - ACM 414 Apple Pay Cash, Planet of the Apps - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-07 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Protecting against Mac Data Corruption America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable View All Editorials → Apple Design Awards 2017 Winners Include Bear and AirMail Andrew Orr @orrandrew91 · +Andrew Orr 1 minute read Jun 7th, 2017 5:16 PM EDT | News The Apple Design Awards 2017 winners were announced Wednesday. The Awards recognize great apps that stand out in design, innovation, and technology on Apple’s platforms. Winners are selected among iOS, macOS and watchOS. After taking a look at the list, every one of these apps and games deserve their award. List of apps and games in the 2017 Apple Design Awards. Apple Design Awards 2017 App Winners AirMail 3 by Bloop Bear by Shiny Frog di Matteo Rattotti e C. S.N.C. Elk by Clean Shaven Apps Pte. Ltd. Enlight by Lightricks Inc. Kitchen Stories by AJNS New Media GmbH Lake by Lake d.o.o Things 3 by Cultured Code GmbH & Co. KG Apple Design Awards 2017 Game Winners Blackbox by Ryan McLeod Mushroom 11 by Untame Old Man’s Journey by Broken Rules Severed by Drinkbox Studios Splitter Critters by RAC7 Games I haven’t played any of the games, but I’ve used Bear, Enlight and AirMail. I think they are all beautifully-designed apps and I’m glad to see they won the 2017 Apple Design Awards. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: App Store, Apple Design Awards, Mac App Store, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too Here are the iPhones and iPads that Won't Run iOS 11 Now That Apple’s Announced the iMac Pro, What Does This Mean for Mac Pro Design? - Page 2 of 3 Apple's WWDC Keynote Was One We Never Dreamed Could Happen Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod Bryan Chaffin | June 7, 2017 iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Andrew Orr | June 7, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.46 +0.09 (0.06%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » DirecTV Now Dropping Support for Safari, Going Chrome Only Starting July 1st The New 2017 iMac: Notes & Tidbits on RAM Apple Shakes Up Smarthome Market by Opening HomeKit Apple Design Awards 2017 Winners Include Bear and AirMail Protecting against Mac Data Corruption Recent Tips See All » macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 iOS 11: Record Your iPhone Screen Without an App iOS 11 Developer Beta 1 Helps Manage Storage macOS Mail: Making a "Not Replied To" Smart Mailbox Recent Editorials See All » Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced Protecting against Mac Data Corruption Now That Apple’s Announced the iMac Pro, What Does This Mean for Mac Pro Design? Apple's WWDC Keynote Was One We Never Dreamed Could Happen 18750 Andrew Orr news 0 1496855799 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
News Real estate Hotels Insight Classifieds Jobs Newsletter Signup Register / Login × Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events Recent Comments Popular JapanToday Higashi-Azabu IS bldg, 4F 1-8-1 Higashi-Azabu Minato-ku Tokyo 106-0044 Japan Tel: +81 3 5561 7755 Fax: +81 3 5561 7756 Email: editor@japantoday.com ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. FILE- This March 1, 2017, file photo shows an exterior view of the headquarters of Uber in San Francisco. Uber has fired more than 20 employees after a law firm investigated complaints of sexual harassment, bullying, discrimination and other violations of company policies. An Uber spokeswoman says the firm Perkins Coie was hired after former engineer Susan Fowler posted a blog in February about sex harassment at the ride-hailing company. Fowler wrote that on her first day at work her boss propositioned her in a series of messages. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) business Uber moves to repair tainted image with 20 firings, 1 hiring Today 05:12 am JST 0 Comments By TOM KRISHER DETROIT Uber, the world's leading ride-hailing company, has taken two big steps toward repairing its corporate image: It fired 20 employees for a host of harassment problems and hired an Apple marketing executive to rescue its tainted brand. Those fired for sexual harassment as well as bullying, discrimination and other behavior that violated company policies included both managers and lower-level workers. Some had retaliated against other employees after they complained about bad conduct, said Bobbie Wilson, a partner at the Perkins Coie law firm, which did the investigation. Separately, Uber announced Tuesday that it had hired Apple marketing executive Bozoma Saint John, who will be Uber's chief brand officer. She ran global consumer marketing of Apple Music and iTunes. Her task at Uber will be to improve its brand image so people like it as well as they like the company's ride services, an Uber spokeswoman said. "Boz has a long track record of successfully creating emotional connections between people and the products they love," Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement. More action could come next week when a report on Uber's culture by former Attorney General Eric Holder is likely to be made public. He is supposed to make broader recommendations on how to change Uber's culture. During Uber's ascent to becoming the world's most valuable startup, the San Francisco-based company took Silicon Valley's penchant for sexism, for cutthroat, unapologetic competition and distaste for government regulation and kicked it up several notches. For a while, this worked well, pushing Uber's valuation to nearly $70 billion. But this year, Uber's aggressive corporate culture and 40-year-old Kalanick's self-admitted need to "fundamentally change and grow up" has caught up with it. In addition to the sexual harassment allegations, Uber is the target of lawsuits, boycott threats and a federal investigation into claims that it has used a fake version of its app to thwart authorities. It's also been accused of corporate espionage by Waymo, formerly Google's autonomous vehicle arm. Uber's former chief autonomous car researcher took confidential documents from Waymo before his startup firm was purchased by Uber, according to a Waymo lawsuit. Uber also is searching for a chief operating officer and chief financial officer as it prepares for a possible public stock offering. Uber Technologies Inc. retained Perkins Coie after former engineer Susan Fowler posted a blog in February about sex harassment at the company. Fowler wrote that on her first day at work her boss propositioned her in a series of messages and superiors ignored her complaints. After the posting, Uber set up a 24-hour hotline to take complaints from employees, and hired Perkins Coie to investigate them. The firm checked into 215 complaints, and 57 remain under investigation. The hotline will remain in operation. The probe into Fowler's complaints is still underway, and Wilson wouldn't say if any of those fired, or 31 other employees placed in counseling, were involved in that. Wilson said Uber gave her law firm "unfettered access" to people and documents that were needed for the Fowler investigation. Problems at Uber are not unusual in the technology industry, given the company's size of more than 14,000 employees, said Wilson, whose firm has done similar work for the biggest tech companies in the nation. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Earn an American degree in Japan. Undergraduate / EMBA / Law / TESOL The oldest and largest foreign university in Japan Temple University, Japan Campus View More How to Invest in Japanese Income Properties as a Foreigner: For Beginners June 24th (Saturday) in Kita Aoyama, Tokyo, Private Consultations and Networking After the Seminar Real Estate Japan Inc. Click Here No Comment Login to comment Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook Connect Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me Forgot password? User registration Earn an American degree in Japan. Undergraduate / EMBA / Law / TESOL The oldest and largest foreign university in Japan Temple University, Japan Campus View More BMW INTERNATIONAL GOLF CHALLENGE June 9th, Taiheiyo Golf Club, Minori Course, Ibaraki. www.bmwgolfjapan.com Sign Up Business Today 01:55 pm JST 14 Comments Japan's Q1 economic growth weaker than thought Today 01:00 pm JST 2 Comments Amazon lending $1 bil to merchants to boost sales on its marketplace Today 06:00 am JST 0 Comments Honda enhances preventive safety function of Fit, Grace models View all Popular Trump criticized for tweet on London mayor after bridge attacks 216 Comments Ex-FBI head Comey says Trump pressured him on Russia probe 81 Comments White House tries to regroup, but Trump isn't helping 95 Comments Worker at Ibaraki facility has up to 22,000 becquerels of plutonium in lungs 46 Comments Trump announces U.S. withdrawal from Paris climate pact; allies voice dismay 152 Comments View all Articles, Offers & Useful Resources A mix of what's trending on our other sites 2017 Top Jobs in Japan Week 23 GaijinPot Blog Art & Culture Japanese Traditions: Teru Teru Bozu Savvy Tokyo Lifestyle 5 Beautiful Tokyo Gardens To Visit This Summer Savvy Tokyo Training Day: Use Orientation to Learn New Skills for the Job Ahead GaijinPot Blog What's Happening This Week(End): Tokyo Area Events For June 10-11 Savvy Tokyo Luxury Living MORI LIVING’s Father Daughter Party Gets A Masked Theme Insight Japan Today 3 Tips to Slim Down and Get Fit in Japan this Summer GaijinPot Blog Autumn Komagome GaijinPot Travel Bars June live music schedule at The Dickens! Insight Japan Today Food & Drink Artistic Dessert Feast At Janice Wong Tokyo Savvy Tokyo National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Thursday, June 8, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Life Ex-MMA fighter War Machine gets 36 years to life in kidnap, beating case Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur during HBO show Shara Fair 2017: A unique Saudi artistic approach London Hilton on Park Lane For Business Travelers AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Technology Apple’s HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Technology Apple’s HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals June 8, 2017 16 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter SAN JOSE, Calif. — Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers – the latest test of the iPhone maker’s ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Tuesday escalate Apple’s technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. NO PLACE LIKE HOMEPOD The “HomePod” speaker unveiled at Apple’s annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple’s iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple’s own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod’s owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. “It will reinvent home audio,” boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the US, U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the US are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. APPLE VS. THE DRY SPELL The HomePod is Apple’s first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn’t been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company’s ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs’ last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad – all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company “can’t afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it’s also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant and Microsoft’s Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple’s assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) “This is the start of the AI wars,” he said. — AP SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleHonor’s features drive its global growth Next articlePetromin-Nissan’s ‘Win a Car’ Campaign picks 2nd prize draw winner Mohammed Ahmed Al Aidroos RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR King Hamad: Saudi Arabia protects us from Qatari, Iranian interference I thank King Salman for fighting terrorism: Trump A flurry of diplomatic activities NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply June 2017 S M T W T F S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,647,301FansLike 44,323FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King Hamad: Saudi Arabia protects us from Qatari, Iranian interference June 8, 2017 I thank King Salman for fighting terrorism: Trump June 8, 2017 A flurry of diplomatic activities June 8, 2017 12 killed in twin Iranian attacks June 8, 2017 Gulf states alone can solve Qatar row: Jubeir June 8, 2017 Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 LeBron James made the Cavs watch an inspirational Steve Jobs speech before their epic comeback in the 2016 NBA Finals Business Insider Jun. 7, 2017, 5:30 PM 2,173 facebook linkedin twitter email print Ezra Shaw/Getty Images (James photo), YouTube (Jobs photo) Much like the this year's NBA Finals, the Cleveland Cavaliers were in trouble after the first two games of the 2016 Finals. The defending Golden State Warriors had crushed them in the first two games, winning Game 2 by a humiliating 33 points. The Cavs were about to play at home for the first time in the series, and LeBron James wasn't having it, according to a report at the time by ESPN. Prior to Game 3, LeBron gathered the team in the locker room beforehand. And then he turned to what might seem an unusual source of inspiration: Apple founder Steve Jobs. James played a portion of the speech Jobs delivered to the Stanford University graduating class of 2005. It's an amazing speech, and you can watch or read the whole thing below. But the part James played was about "connecting the dots," the first of three stories Jobs told in the speech. The advice was do a lot of things that you're interested in even if they don't make sense at the time, carry the lessons you learn forward, and combine them to become a greater person in all parts of your life. It worked.  According to the report, the Cavs' Richard Jefferson listened to the speech and reflected on how he was only in the Finals because he decided not to sign with the Dallas Mavericks over the off-season, even though the Mavs offered him more money. Kevin Love had been reading up on Jobs separately, and had recently ordered a t-shirt with the famous line from Jobs' speech: "Stay hungry. Stay foolish." The Cavs dominated the Warriors in Game 3, before losing again in Game 4. Then, the team made history by winning the last three games — the first time in NBA history a team has won the Finals after being down 3-1 — and delivered the city of Cleveland its first major sports championship since 1964. If you haven't watched the Jobs speech, check it out here, or read the full transcript below. Here's the transcript if you don't have time to watch it: "I am honored to be with you today at your commencement from one of the finest universities in the world. I never graduated from college. Truth be told, this is the closest I've ever gotten to a college graduation. Today I want to tell you three stories from my life. That's it. No big deal. Just three stories. The first story is about connecting the dots. I dropped out of Reed College after the first 6 months, but then stayed around as a drop-in for another 18 months or so before I really quit. So why did I drop out? It started before I was born. My biological mother was a young, unwed college graduate student, and she decided to put me up for adoption. She felt very strongly that I should be adopted by college graduates, so everything was all set for me to be adopted at birth by a lawyer and his wife. Except that when I popped out they decided at the last minute that they really wanted a girl. So my parents, who were on a waiting list, got a call in the middle of the night asking: "We have an unexpected baby boy; do you want him?" They said: "Of course." My biological mother later found out that my mother had never graduated from college and that my father had never graduated from high school. She refused to sign the final adoption papers. She only relented a few months later when my parents promised that I would someday go to college. And 17 years later I did go to college. But I naively chose a college that was almost as expensive as Stanford, and all of my working-class parents' savings were being spent on my college tuition. After six months, I couldn't see the value in it. I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life and no idea how college was going to help me figure it out. And here I was spending all of the money my parents had saved their entire life. So I decided to drop out and trust that it would all work out OK. It was pretty scary at the time, but looking back it was one of the best decisions I ever made. The minute I dropped out I could stop taking the required classes that didn't interest me, and begin dropping in on the ones that looked interesting. It wasn't all romantic. I didn't have a dorm room, so I slept on the floor in friends' rooms, I returned coke bottles for the 5¢ deposits to buy food with, and I would walk the 7 miles across town every Sunday night to get one good meal a week at the Hare Krishna temple. I loved it. And much of what I stumbled into by following my curiosity and intuition turned out to be priceless later on. Let me give you one example: Reed College at that time offered perhaps the best calligraphy instruction in the country. Throughout the campus every poster, every label on every drawer, was beautifully hand calligraphed. Because I had dropped out and didn't have to take the normal classes, I decided to take a calligraphy class to learn how to do this. I learned about serif and san serif typefaces, about varying the amount of space between different letter combinations, about what makes great typography great. It was beautiful, historical, artistically subtle in a way that science can't capture, and I found it fascinating. None of this had even a hope of any practical application in my life. But ten years later, when we were designing the first Macintosh computer, it all came back to me. And we designed it all into the Mac. It was the first computer with beautiful typography. If I had never dropped in on that single course in college, the Mac would have never had multiple typefaces or proportionally spaced fonts. And sinceWindows just copied the Mac, it's likely that no personal computer would have them. If I had never dropped out, I would have never dropped in on this calligraphy class, and personal computers might not have the wonderful typography that they do. Of course it was impossible to connect the dots looking forward when I was in college. But it was very, very clear looking backwards ten years later. Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. My second story is about love and loss. I was lucky - I found what I loved to do early in life. Woz and I started Apple in my parents garage when I was 20. We worked hard, and in 10 years Apple had grown from just the two of us in a garage into a $2 billion company with over 4000 employees. We had just released our finest creation - the Macintosh - a year earlier, and I had just turned 30. And then I got fired. How can you get fired from a company you started? Well, as Apple grew we hired someone who I thought was very talented to run the company with me, and for the first year or so things went well. But then our visions of the future began to diverge and eventually we had a falling out. When we did, our Board of Directors sided with him. So at 30 I was out. And very publicly out. What had been the focus of my entire adult life was gone, and it was devastating. I really didn't know what to do for a few months. I felt that I had let the previous generation of entrepreneurs down - that I had dropped the baton as it was being passed to me. I met with David Packard and Bob Noyce and tried to apologize for screwing up so badly. I was a very public failure, and I even thought about running away from the valley. But something slowly began to dawn on me - I still loved what I did. The turn of events at Apple had not changed that one bit. I had been rejected, but I was still in love. And so I decided to start over. I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything. It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life. During the next five years, I started a company named NeXT, another company named Pixar, and fell in love with an amazing woman who would become my wife. Pixar went on to create the worlds first computer animated feature film, Toy Story, and is now the most successful animation studio in the world. In a remarkable turn of events, Apple bought NeXT, I returned to Apple, and the technology we developed at NeXT is at the heart of Apple's current renaissance. And Laurene and I have a wonderful family together. I'm pretty sure none of this would have happened if I hadn't been fired from Apple. It was awful tasting medicine, but I guess the patient needed it. Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did. You've got to find what you love. And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on. So keep looking until you find it. Don't settle. My third story is about death. When I was 17, I read a quote that went something like: "If you live each day as if it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right." It made an impression on me, and since then, for the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something. Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart. About a year ago I was diagnosed with cancer. I had a scan at 7:30 in the morning, and it clearly showed a tumor on my pancreas. I didn't even know what a pancreas was. The doctors told me this was almost certainly a type of cancer that is incurable, and that I should expect to live no longer than three to six months. My doctor advised me to go home and get my affairs in order, which is doctor's code for prepare to die. It means to try to tell your kids everything you thought you'd have the next 10 years to tell them in just a few months. It means to make sure everything is buttoned up so that it will be as easy as possible for your family. It means to say your goodbyes. I lived with that diagnosis all day. Later that evening I had a biopsy, where they stuck an endoscope down my throat, through my stomach and into my intestines, put a needle into my pancreas and got a few cells from the tumor. I was sedated, but my wife, who was there, told me that when they viewed the cells under a microscope the doctors started crying because it turned out to be a very rare form of pancreatic cancer that is curable with surgery. I had the surgery and I'm fine now. This was the closest I've been to facing death, and I hope it's the closest I get for a few more decades. Having lived through it, I can now say this to you with a bit more certainty than when death was a useful but purely intellectual concept: No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away. Sorry to be so dramatic, but it is quite true. Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. When I was young, there was an amazing publication called The Whole Earth Catalog, which was one of the bibles of my generation. It was created by a fellow named Stewart Brand not far from here in Menlo Park, and he brought it to life with his poetic touch. This was in the late 1960's, before personal computers and desktop publishing, so it was all made with typewriters, scissors, and polaroid cameras. It was sort of like Google in paperback form, 35 years before Google came along: it was idealistic, and overflowing with neat tools and great notions. Stewart and his team put out several issues of The Whole Earth Catalog, and then when it had run its course, they put out a final issue. It was the mid-1970s, and I was your age. On the back cover of their final issue was a photograph of an early morning country road, the kind you might find yourself hitchhiking on if you were so adventurous. Beneath it were the words: "Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish." It was their farewell message as they signed off. Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish. And I have always wished that for myself. And now, as you graduate to begin anew, I wish that for you. Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish. Thank you all very much." Matt Rosoff contributed to this post. SEE ALSO: Here's how your iPhone will change when iOS 10 comes out NOW WATCH: This couple lived in Google’s parking lot for 2 years and saved 80% of their income — here’s how they did it Loading video... More: LeBron James Steve Jobs NBA Finals facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru LeBron James made the Cavs watch an inspirational Steve Jobs speech before their epic comeback in the 2016 NBA Finals LeBron James made the Cavs watch an inspirational Steve Jobs speech before their epic comeback in the 2016 NBA Finals Much like the this year's NBA Finals, the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 8 features coming this year that will change the way you use your iPhone Lucy Yang, INSIDER Jun. 7, 2017, 5:23 PM 183 facebook linkedin twitter email print Some of these features are long overdue. Apple The INSIDER Summary: Apple debuted iOS 11 at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on Monday. Coming this fall, the updated operating system is jam-packed with cool features. INSIDER pinpointed eight  new features that are true game-changers. We're most excited about the ability to customize your Control Center, automatically delete unused apps, and use professional-grade camera filters. After its keynote at WWDC 2017 on Monday, it's clear that Apple has a lot in store for us this year. In addition to a Siri-controlled smart speaker and a powerful new iMac Pro, Apple debuted the next big update for iOS, the operating system for iPhones and iPads. Coming this fall, iOS 11 is jam-packed with cool features, some of which will change the iPhone as we know it.  To give you a sense of how your day-to-day might improve once iOS 11 is out, INSIDER rounded up eight of the most exciting new features for the iPhone that we can't wait to use. In iOS 11, you'll finally be able to customize the shortcuts in your iPhone's Control Center. @rjonesy/Twitter While it may seem like a small change, the ability to customize your iPhone's Control Center will save you a ton of time. How? Well, let's say you're always taking notes on your iPhone. In iOS 11, you can just add the Notes app to your Control Center and access it in seconds, ostensibly even when your phone is locked. Personally, I'm excited to get rid of the Calculator shortcut — seriously, Apple, who uses the Calculator that much? — and replace it with shortcuts to Low Power Mode, Settings, and more. You'll also be able to organize your phone in seconds by moving multiple apps at once. donisign/Reddit This feature will be easy to use: Just hold an app with one finger and use another to tap on all the icons you want to move. Look forward to the ability to delete unused apps automatically to save storage space on your phone. @chrishannah/Twitter That's right — you no longer have to delete hundreds of photos, videos, and apps from your iPhone in an attempt to free up space. Even better, iOS 11 comes with an option in Settings that will let you enable certain features to optimize your iPhone's storage. And your selfie game will reach a whole new level with iOS 11's built-in, professional-quality filters. Apple We're all going to look like we can take professional photographs. Apple Maps is introducing indoor directions, starting with malls and airports around the world. Apple About time, to be honest. The updated Maps app will also tell you which lane to drive in, so you'll never miss a turn or merge again. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP I'll be the first to admit I hate Apple's Maps app; it's long been deleted from my iPhone. But as someone who gets anxious while navigating new roads, I'm beyond excited about this feature and more than willing to give Maps a second chance. Apple's new one-handed keyboard will make typing much easier, especially for people who are left-handed. Apple Lefties, rejoice! And like Venmo, Apple is making it easier than ever to send and receive money from your friends. Apple iOS 11 will be available to everyone this fall. In the meantime, check out a complete list of all the new features coming to your iPhone and iPad here and here. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » Read the original article on INSIDER. Follow INSIDER on Facebook. Copyright 2017. Follow INSIDER on Twitter. More from INSIDER: NOW WATCH: Forget the iPhone 7 — here are 7 reasons the next iPhone will blow everyone away Loading video... More: Tech WWDC 2017 Apple Design iPhone iPad iOS 11 update facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 8 features coming this year that will change the way you use your iPhone 8 features coming this year that will change the way you use your iPhone The INSIDER Summary: Apple debuted iOS 11 at... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Hi-Fi & Wireless Audio Portable Audio More Projectors Sound Bars Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / DVRs and Media players News / Apple’s tvOS 11 reveal explains why it wasn’t mentioned in WWDC keynote Apple’s tvOS 11 reveal explains why it wasn’t mentioned in WWDC keynote by Chris Smith 16 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments While announcing new named updates for iOS, macOS and watchOS during its WWDC keynote on Monday, Apple stopped short of announcing a new version of the Apple TV’s tvOS platform. While Apple announced that Amazon Prime Video will be arriving on the platform later this year, that was the sub-total of the Apple TV-related announcements. Now we know why. On Wednesday during a WWDC session called “What’s new in tvOS?”, Apple did reveal tvOS 11 and there’s not an awful lot to it, on the front end. Related: WWDC 2017 highlights The main new feature, as reported by Neowin, is one called On-Demand Resources, which makes it possible for developers to create apps that are smaller to download initially. Rather than downloading the full app, other parts will be downloaded as needed, meaning users will see faster downloads, faster launches and less local storage required. Apple is also adding support for right-to-left languages, while there are also new features to give developers more options when designing buttons and the ability to blur the entire screen. Another feature, called preferredUserInterfaceStyle, will enable the developers more freedom to work within a specific theme if one hasn’t been chosen by the end user. Is Amazon Prime Video arriving on Apple TV a big deal to you? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH Daily Sabah > Business > Tech Close Uber moves to repair tainted image with 20 firings, 1 hiring ASSOCIATED PRESS DETROIT Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Uber, the world's leading ride-hailing company, has taken two big steps toward repairing its corporate image: It fired 20 employees for a host of harassment problems and hired an Apple marketing executive to rescue its tainted brand. Those fired for sexual harassment as well as bullying, discrimination and other behavior that violated company policies included both managers and lower-level workers. Some had retaliated against other employees after they complained about bad conduct, said Bobbie Wilson, a partner at the Perkins Coie law firm, which did the investigation. Separately, Uber announced Tuesday that it had hired Apple marketing executive Bozoma Saint John, who will be Uber's chief brand officer. She ran global consumer marketing of Apple Music and iTunes. Her task at Uber will be to improve its brand image so people like it as well as they like the company's ride services, an Uber spokeswoman said. "Boz has a long track record of successfully creating emotional connections between people and the products they love," Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement. More action could come next week when a report on Uber's culture by former Attorney General Eric Holder is likely to be made public. He is supposed to make broader recommendations on how to change Uber's culture. During Uber's ascent to becoming the world's most valuable startup, the San Francisco-based company took Silicon Valley's penchant for sexism, for cutthroat, unapologetic competition and distaste for government regulation and kicked it up several notches. For a while, this worked well, pushing Uber's valuation to nearly $70 billion. But this year, Uber's aggressive corporate culture and 40-year-old Kalanick's self-admitted need to "fundamentally change and grow up" has caught up with it. In addition to the sexual harassment allegations, Uber is the target of lawsuits, boycott threats and a federal investigation into claims that it has used a fake version of its app to thwart authorities. It's also been accused of corporate espionage by Waymo, formerly Google's autonomous vehicle arm. Uber's former chief autonomous car researcher took confidential documents from Waymo before his startup firm was purchased by Uber, according to a Waymo lawsuit. Uber also is searching for a chief operating officer and chief financial officer as it prepares for a possible public stock offering. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Tech Apple Inc's long-awaited move into original television series starts... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Sony sells over one million PlayStation VR headsets Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Apple made a pair of sneakers once and now you can buy them Elyse Betters7 June 2017Gadgets Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment How much would you pay for a pair of really old sneakers - better yet, Apple-branded sneakers? Private collectibles vendor Heritage Auctions has published a new auction listing, and the starting price isn't exactly cheap. It plans to auction off a pair of rare, vintage Apple trainers, with the bidding set to open at just $15,000. The shoe, which features a rainbow Apple logo, was originally produced in the early 1990s for company employees. The auction is scheduled to go live on eBay on 11 June. Apple was experimenting with fashion apparel and wearables at the time, which you can read all about here, but for whatever reason, these shoes never left the prototype stage and were given to employees. It's unclear how many pairs exist, but some reports speculate only one or two may be out in the wild. Heritage Auctions estimated the real value of the shoes to be somewhere around $30,000. Will my iPhone or iPad get iOS 11? Apple HomePod preview: Say hello to Apple's smart Siri speaker Apple Watch major software update: What's new in WatchOS 4? There aren't even many photographs of the sneakers since they're so rare, so we imagine Apple fan boys and girls will be chomping at the bit to get their hands on - or should we say, feet in - these kicks. It'll be interesting to see how much they go for, considering Apple memorabilia tends to fetch extreme prices at auctions. Last year, for instance, Steve Jobs' leather jacket sold for $22,000. The Marin School in California even sold couple of authentic Steve Jobs business cards for $10,000. Sections Apple Gadgets Source: Heritage Auctions Source: Ebay listing Grab yourself a cheap Kindle Paperwhite for summer reading with £20 off Apple made a pair of sneakers once and now you can buy them Cozmo preview: The Anki robot friend comes to the UK at last Weird and wonderful tech of Computex 2017: The best and crazy products and mods Popular In Gadgets On Pocket-lint Grab yourself a cheap Kindle Paperwhite for summer reading with £20 off Apple made a pair of sneakers once and now you can buy them Weird and wonderful tech of Computex 2017: The best and crazy products and mods Snap Spectacles tips and tricks: Get creative with your new Snapchat sunglasses Snap Spectacles: What are they, how do they work and where can you buy them? Snap Spectacles now available in UK, take videos with your eyes F1 on the water: How Ben Ainslie and Land Rover BAR plan to win the America's Cup Best fans: Keep cool while the heat rises Bang & Olufsen's new product is... beer! What is Google Jamboard, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Apple iPad Pro 10.5 vs iPad Pro 9.7: Should you upgrade? Apple iPad Pro 10.5: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Apple 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display (2017) preview: Bright and powerful How Android Wear 2.0 puts the Huawei Watch 2 ahead of the competition HTC U11 review: Flagship glory, with a gimmick squeezed in Do these leaked iPhone 8 drawings reveal the phone's final design? Monument Valley 2 review: Beautiful yes, but is it worth £5? Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) vs Apple iPad Pro 12.9: What's the difference? How Xbox One backwards compatibility works: The Xbox 360 games list and more Xbox Project Scorpio: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Hardware Image Source: Apple At WWDC 2017, Apple proved it hasn’t forgotten about its pro users Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 7th, 2017 at 4:54 PM Share Tweet One of the more interesting narratives to surround Apple in recent years holds that the company has either forgotten or simply doesn’t care about pro users anymore. This narrative can arguably be traced back to the company’s 2013 Mac Pro design and only picked up steam following the release of Apple’s 2016 MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar. As a quick refresher, Apple’s flagship MacBook Pro was derided for being overpriced and under-powered, with many users lamenting the fact that Apple’s pro-oriented machine could only support 16GB of RAM. In fact, the backlash against Apple was so strong that Tim Cook and other executives were forced to confront the criticism head on, with Cook stating the following during a company shareholder meeting earlier this year: “You will see us do more in the pro area. The pro area is very important to us. The creative area is very important to us in particular.” Don't Miss: New leak claims to reveal final iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s Plus designs Just two months later, Apple executives held a special meeting with select tech outlets where they assured developers and creative professionals that new and advanced pro-oriented hardware was in the product pipeline. Not only did Apple relay that a completely redesigned Mac Pro was on the way, but Phil Schiller made a point of noting that the company was working on iMac configurations developed “specifically with the pro customer in mind.” True to form, Apple at WWDC 2017 demonstrated that its pro users have a lot to look forward to. Aside from supercharging its iPad lineup, Apple updated the entirety of its MacBook line with speedier Kaby Lake processors and faster SSDs. Further, some of Apple’s notebooks will now feature more powerful graphics. Apple on Monday also took some time to refresh its iMac lineup, gracing its iconic all-in-one machine with more memory and faster processors. Of course, the star of show — at least as it pertains to the Mac — was Apple’s iMac Pro. Priced at $4,999 with an option to max the machine out with 18 core Xeon processors, Apple’s brand new iMac is a clear indication that Apple has decidedly not forgotten about its pro user base. In a nutshell, Apple’s upcoming iMac Pro is an absolute monster of a machine. And though the iMac Pro won’t ship until December, the fact that Apple announced it so far in advance was a subtle nod to users who have grown impatient with slower product upgrades over the years. In other words, the current MacBook and iMac upgrades and the forthcoming iMac Pro update sends a clear message that Apple not only has exciting new hardware today, but even more exciting and powerful hardware coming down the pipeline. And that’s not even to speak of a revamped Mac Pro which, if we’re lucky, will be unveiled sometime next year. WWDC 2017 may not have been the most exciting keynote we’ve ever seen, but for any consumers who has been patiently waiting for a solid improvement to the Mac, Monday’s keynote was nothing short of encouraging. Tags: Apple, iMac Pro View Comments Trending 1 Tech New leak claims to reveal final iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s Plus designs 2 Tech One of the hottest iOS 11 features will force you to buy a new iPhone 3 Deals This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch 4 Tech The iPhone 8’s design is probably final, and Samsung couldn’t be happier 5 Politics Watch live streaming video of James Comey’s testimony before Congress right here Picked For You iOS 11 is hiding two game-changing new iPhone features By Zach Epstein 2 days ago iOS 11 doesn’t just kill off old apps, it might leave your iPhone for dead By Zach Epstein 2 days ago New Galaxy Note 8 leak may reveal several exciting new features By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Skip to main content The Straits Times Singapore Toggle navigation Home Singapore Courts & Crime Education Housing Transport Health Manpower Environment Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Edit videos - without touching mouse, screen or keyboard Dr Yaacob Ibrahim with Mr Christopher Hills and his father Garry, who held a workshop on tech tools to help people with disabilities.ST PHOTO: ONG WEE JIN PublishedJun 8, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4LtT Copy Priscilla Goy goyshiyi@sph.com.sg Mr Christopher Hills, 21, can edit videos using Apple devices - without touching a screen, mouse or keyboard. The Australian, who was born with athetoid cerebral palsy and is quadriplegic, has limited control over his muscles and speech, and involuntary, convoluted movements of his limbs. But, he can use his neck muscles and a button on his wheelchair headrest to use Switch Control, an accessibility tool that helps him to type, select, tap and drag items in Apple devices without touching a screen. Mr Hills - who started his own video-editing business in 2014 in his home country - and his father Garry, 57, conducted a workshop in Singapore yesterday, to show about a dozen people with physical disabilities how to use Switch Control and other accessibility tools in Apple devices. These tools are already on Apple devices such as iPads and iPhones. The workshop was held at the Enabling Village in Lengkok Bahru. Minister for Communications and Information Yaacob Ibrahim also attended the session. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up This is the second of four workshops organised by the Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) and Apple to raise awareness and encourage the adoption of assistive technologies for people with disabilities, as part of the Government's efforts to build a digitally-inclusive society. The first was held in April for people who are blind. Upcoming sessions will be held for people with hearing and intellectual disabilities. IMDA is also partnering other technology firms such as Microsoft, and plans to train about 160 people with disabilities to be "assistive technology ambassadors" this year. People interested to go for such workshops can contact IMDA to be included in the mailing list. At yesterday's session, participants also learnt about other accessibility features useful for people who have weak control over their hands. Graphic designer Kelvin Yong, 28, who has muscular dystrophy, said: "I'll consider using Switch Control after I find out more about how to get the switches needed. I currently use a mouse at work, but it requires a lot of effort." The senior Mr Hills said the device on his son's wheelchair headrest cost about A$80 (S$83), but noted that other switches - such as those controlled with the chin or foot - could be used with Switch Control. He said his son has edited videos on his iMac desktop for clients including a a government organisation in Australia."If some people are shut out, the whole society would be poorer, economically and socially." A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on June 08, 2017, with the headline 'Edit videos - without touching mouse, screen or keyboard'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  DISABILITIES TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LtT Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew vitagen_a126212_2017jun05_300x200_st_native.jpg IBS: What you need to know and how to seek help eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Amazon executive says he's open to Siri on Amazon Echo Todd Haselton | @robotodd 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Siri isn't ready for prime time as Alexa has been in the home: Stern    Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 11:31 AM ET | 02:46 Amazon's head of products says he'd allow other voice assistants, such as Apple's Siri or Google Assistant, on the Amazon Echo. The Echo currently only runs Alexa, Amazon's smart voice assistant. David Limp, Amazon's senior vice president of devices, said he's open to talking with Apple, Google or other firms about loading up other voice assistants, too. "We're open to that," Limp said, according to CNET. "If Apple or Google want to come call, my phone number is out there. They can call. I hope there is a day when that happens. I don't know if I can envision it, but I hope it happens, on behalf of customers." His comments came in the wake of the HomePod announcement — Apple's Echo competitor — during Apple's developer conference on Monday. The HomePod is powered by Siri and allows users to play music, check the weather and more, but starts at $349. Apple says the added cost is for the more premium speaker experience it offers over the Amazon Echo, which costs $179. Apple doesn't typically integrate its services with other products, so the odds are slim that Tim Cook ever gives Limp a ring. On the other hand, Google and Microsoft do work with third parties. The Google Assistant is built into smartphones and smartwatches built by its partners, for example. Microsoft is also teaming up with firms such as Harmon Kardon on speakers that run its Cortana assistant. Maybe Alexa will have some company soon. Watch: Can HomePod compete with Echo show chapters Can Apple's HomePod compete with Amazon's Echo and Google Home?    Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 6:27 AM ET | 01:25 Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • AMD's Ryzen 5 CPUs reviewed, part two [153] • Apple takes the iMac Pro with Xeons and Radeon Vega graphics [74] • Apple throws an iPad Hail Mary with 10.5" and 12.9" Pro tablets [58] • AMD spills the beans on Radeon Pro chips inside the new Macs [40] Hot forum threads • OS/2 is coming back. • Apple WWDC keynote • Static and motherboards • PCIe 4.0 ALMOST Ready iPhone screen repair machines coming to Best Buy stores by Wayne Manion  2:30 PM on June 7, 2017 Apple rolled out its proprietary Horizon screen repair machines to its 500 repair centers and stores three years ago when the iPhone 5 debuted. The machines have been shrouded in mystery, as the company never even formally acknowledged their existence. According to Reuters, some of those machines will be leaving the confines of Apple's walled gardens for new homes inside Best Buy stores and other locations around the world. Apple reportedly plans to send Horizon machines to "about 400 authorized third-party repair centers in 25 countries." Source: Wikimedia The move should reduce wait times for repair service at Apple retail locations, and allow iPhone owners in areas without an Apple store nearby to have their phones serviced instead of sending them through the mail. The company said the move is unrelated to the "right to repair" legislation gaining steam in states like Illinois, Minnesota, Nebraska, and New York. Apple does not report how much of its revenues come from out-of-warranty repair services, but according to Reuters, analysts believe the figure is between $1 billion and $2 billion per year. Screen repair services cost $129 to $149 depending on the handset, a figure that dropped over time from the original price of $229. Best Buy is the first retailer with access to the Horizon machines. A unit is already operational in Miami, and another is coming soon to a location in the Silicon Valley. While third-party repair centers have been able to replace iPhone screens for some time, the Horizon machine offers the only way to completely fix a phone when the fingerprint sensor behind the glass has been damaged.  Tags: Displays Mobile computing Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Take the plunge into Deepcool's Computex case lineup 4 Chrome 59 sticks a Turbofan and a new Ignition on its V8 0 iPhone screen repair machines coming to Best Buy stores 3 Gigabyte overclockers crank the knobs on a Core i7 to 7.5 GHz 20 Flir One and One Pro cameras are ready to take the heat 6 Pro overclocker pumps G.Skill DDR4 to 5.5 GT/s 7 Mushkin Armor3D and Triactor3D SSDs hit the third dimension 12 GOG Summer Sale discounts over 1500 games new and old 16 NZXT wants to BLD a PC for you 11 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS PrincipalSkinner Forget instagram and it's filters. Finally there's a camera that makes all women look hot. +30 chuckula Normally I'd complain about the aesthetics, but after dropping the brown acid se... +16 Waco ...so the 3D MLC is almost cheaper than the 3D TLC per byte stored. Does not com... +14 Mr.Ed You know I'm famous, right? +13 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
details Menu  Shop New Gifts Kitchen Table Home Outdoors One-of-a-Kind Pantry  Wedding Registry Summertime Ice Cube Trays (Set of 3) Mediterranean Vinyl Kitchen Runners Soft Linen & Cotton Colorblock Towels Zwilling Madura Plus Nonstick Pan Staff Picks  Features What to Cook How to Cook New & Now Home & Design Drinks Travel Burnt Toast Podcast You're Good! Little Joys for Well-Being A Rice Noodle Salad Made to Be Riffed On—With Anything in Your Fridge You Don't Need a Fancy Oven for This Bread. You Need Beer. What the Heck is Quark? Luisa Weiss Fills Us In 22 Cooler-Ready Recipes for Any Kind of Outing  Recipes Featured Recipes Community Picks Contest Winners Genius Recipes Recipes for Summer Add a Recipe Cherry Crumb Tart Frittata Affogata with Capers, Olives, and Anchovies Chickpea and Buckwheat Crackers with Turmeric and Fennel Martha Collison's Mint Chocolate "Ice Cream" Cake  Contests The Current Contest The Latest Winner Wildcard Winners Latest Contest News About the Contests Your Best Recipe with a Smarty Pants Trick or Technique Hotline Gifts For Dad   View Profile Favorites & CollectionsSaved Recipes, Articles, Products Find Friends Order History Manage Your Registry Account Settings Log Out Sign Up Log In Log In Sign Up ␡ 🔕 🔔 Follow friends and influencers By following your friends and influencers you'll be able to see what they're saving in real time. Sign up Loading…    My Basket () ␣ Loading… , x edit Qty: cancel Shipping Surcharge: each · Remove from basket Remove from basket From: () To: () Delivers: Message: Subtotal Checkout …is so empty right now. Go Shopping » “” Loading… ␡ ␡ Cooking is more fun with friends. Find your friends who are already on Food52, and invite others who aren't to join. Let's Go Learn more ␡ Join Our Community Follow amazing home cooks. Collect recipes and articles. Get inspired. Sign Up Home & DesignHome DecorProduct Design Why Is Apple's HomePod So Expensive? by Mayukh Sen • June  7, 2017 • 0 Comments ♦ 0  Save ▴ If you like it, save it! Save and organize all of the stuff you love in one place. Got it! If you like something… Click the heart, it's called favoriting. Favorite the stuff you like. Got it! Share Tweet Pin ✉Email In case you missed it, Apple held its annual developer conference keynote on Monday, during which it announced a slew of new products. Most were sleeker refreshes of existing offerings in Apple's portfolio, but the most buzzed-about product was, perhaps, the HomePod, a Siri-enabled speaker system with six microphones that’s just barely seven inches tall. It's equipped with a four-inch subwoofer and an A8 chip, and it comes in two colors, white and slate. Set to hit stores at an indeterminate point in December, the HomePod is something like the lovechild of the Sonos speaker (the cheapest goes for $199) and Google Home ($129) or Amazon Echo ($180). But its price point is significantly higher than its predecessors: It retails for $349. Advertisement To account for this, the HomePod is endowed with sensory capabilities that exceed those of its competitors: It adjusts audio levels based on the room’s spatial and acoustic surroundings, which results in fuller, more ambient sound than you'd get from most speakers on the market. Portable Wood Speakers with Bluetooth  From $130 Antique Horn & Wood Acoustic Amplifier  $815 The HomePod's outfitted with Siri, who’s been trained to answer music-specific questions (though she'll still react to your other curiosities about the weather or news). Apple promises that the HomePod won't hit the same snags that have plagued Alexa, the device so smart that she accidentally orders dollhouses; it’s engineered to wake up only when it hears the “Hey, Siri” command. The HomePod acts as a centralized node through which you can control HomeKit devices if you’ve filled your house with them. Most reviews have confirmed that the HomePod does, at the very least, meet its stated directive of being a seriously rich, high-quality speaker system. For now, the HomePod only supports Apple Music, and is engineered with the assumption that you’ve got a subscription, a significant blemish on its value proposition. Advertisement ♥ + Why We Talk About Home and Design on Food52 by Amanda Sims Well, I can't say I'll be buying this product come holiday season—I’m far outside Apple’s target demographic here, as my home doesn’t necessarily need a smart speaker. Especially one that’s so hard on the wallet. But it remains to be seen whether it changes the way we listen to music in our homes in any critical way. Until December. Learn more about the HomePod here. Tags: apple, product news 💬 View Comments () Share this Article Tweet this Article Want more Food52? Our best tips for eating thoughtfully and living joyfully, right to your inbox. I'm In Please enter a valid email address. Well played. You deserve a cookie. Appears in this collection Home By cindy • 69 Items More Great Articles The Funky, Unique Nutella Jars That Took Over Italy IKEA’s New Collection Is Playful, Vibrant, and Kind of Weird Has Science Engineered a Solution to Bad Pasta Packaging? Mayukh Sen Follow   🔗 mayukh-sen.com I'm a terrible cook Past articles from this author you'll love: How to Win a White Castle Wedding The Odd, Relaxing Thrill of Watching Tiny Food Videos What Science Says About Drinking Coffee Before You Work Out From Our Friends powered by ZergNet Speak to Me Your Favorite Music to Cook To Tips & Techniques  Antique Horn & Wood Acoustic Amplifier A NPR Music Editor's Guide to D.C. Travel  Portable Wood Speakers with Bluetooth A Rice Noodle Salad Made to Be Riffed On—With Anything in Your Fridge Use any produce in your fridge, or noodles in your pantry. Endlessly Riffable Noodle Salad Just-Saucy-Enough Sloppy Joes (No Meat!) 11 Make-Ahead Snacks for Planes, Trains, and Really Long Car Rides What the Heck is Quark? No More Soggy-Bottomed Galettes Comments (0) Send me emails about new comments. Send me emails about new comments. Add New Comment Showing out of comments Add Comment Showing 0 out of 0 comments Want more Food52? Our best tips for eating thoughtfully and living joyfully, right to your inbox. I'm In Please enter a valid email address. Well played. You deserve a cookie.     Find Columns Recipes Contests Hotline Shop The Piglet Sitemap Company About Us In the News Events Team Jobs - We're Hiring! Contact FAQs Advertising Shop My Orders Shop Collections Gift Cards Wedding Registry Get Help FAQ Refer Friends, Get $20 Affiliate Program ©2017 Food52 Terms | Privacy ␢ Loading… 1 error errors prevented successful signup:  Sign up with Facebook We'll never post anything without your permission. Or Name 👤 Email ✉ Password 🔒 Get our handsome and useful newsletters I affirm I'm 18 or older and have read the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Have an account? Log In 1 error errors prevented successful login:  Log in with Facebook We'll never post anything without your permission. Or Email ✉ Password 🔒 Forgot password? Need an account? Sign up now ␢ Want more Food52? Our best tips for eating thoughtfully and living joyfully, right to your inbox. I'm In Please enter a valid email address. Let's Keep in Touch! Get the recipes and features that have us talking, plus first dibs on events and limited-batch products. (Oh, and $10 off your order of $50 or more in the Food52 Shop, too.) Your Email Address Get More Food52 Please enter a valid email address. ␡ Your Collections Your Collections Add Recent Collections Other Collections Name your first collection or try one of these: + Pantry Meals + My Dream Kitchen + Cakes Add ␡ Please enter a quantity larger than 0. Sorry, this item is currently out of stock. Expected back in stock . Notify me when it's back. Submit Thanks! We'll email you when it's available again.   Add to Basket More Details »  Express Shipping Available ␡ Thanks for signing up! Pick experts to follow for a better Food52. Follow
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events More Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Rani Molla Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Android Artificial Intelligence Augmented Reality Apple’s advances in augmented reality highlight its real advantage over Google Whatever Apple builds, it can deploy across the majority of iOS devices quickly. Android struggles with that. by Tess Townsend Jun 7, 2017, 3:14pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Apple Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi Justin Sullivan / Getty For the multiple times Apple executives mentioned “machine learning” at the company’s developers conference Monday, they also emphasized an older theme that could be more important: Unified software. Apple’s mobile operating system, or iOS, works the same and runs the same on every iPhone. That’s why app developers often prefer building for Apple before they build for Google’s Android, an operating system that’s splintered across different kinds of hardware. While the latest versions of Android consistently run on higher-end phones like the Google Pixel, cheaper and older phones often only run previous versions. Apple’s control over both its operating system and the hardware on which that software runs came up throughout the keynote. That highlights what Google really needs to worry about when competing with Apple: The fragmentation of Android. This matters even when Google has a technical advantage. Apple’s latest announcements in augmented reality are where the company’s advantage with a unified platform showed the most. The ability to quickly deploy software to devices immediately differentiates Apple’s AR from Google AR computing platform Tango, which only runs on select newer-model phones. “When you bring the software together with these devices, we actually have hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads that are going to be capable of AR,” Apple’s head of software, Craig Federighi, said. “That’s going to make overnight the AR kit the largest AR platform in the world.” In general, only a portion of Android phones tend to run the latest version of the mobile software at any given time. While Google builds its own hardware now — such as the Pixel phone — it still relies largely on third-party manufacturers and carriers to deliver Android updates to hardware that runs it. Update: Google said it has made efforts to lessen the fragmentation of software across Android devices, including rolling out a program to make it easier for device makers to upgrade to newer versions of Android, and ensuring software in Google Play Services is updated frequently across devices. Google reports 93 percent of users ahave the latest version of Google Play Services. Federighi brought up hardware and platform advantages again when he announced a new set of machine learning software tools for developers. Developers that used Apple’s new machine learning tools would be able to execute their use with “tremendous performance on-device,” he said, and have access to “all the data privacy benefits and all of the carefully tuned compatibility with all of our platforms.” What he didn’t seem to emphasize was what made the tools themselves interesting. That’s probably because Apple is known to lag behind Google, Microsoft and others in machine learning. The iPhone didn’t publish its first artificial intelligence research paper until December. By comparison, Google had 44 papers accepted this year to the International Conference on Machine Learning while Microsoft had 33, according to a Medium post by a researcher at AI think tank OpenAI. And Apple’s new machine learning offerings are also not all drawn from Apple technology. “Some of the pre-trained machine learning models that Apple offers are open-sourced Google code, primarily for image recognition,” noted Quartz reporter Dave Gershgorn. Google confirmed this. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider In this Storystream Apple WWDC 2017 Apple’s advances in augmented reality highlight its real advantage over Google Watch a supercut of the biggest announcements from Apple WWDC 2017 View all 9 stories More From Recode Online video is expected to triple bandwidth consumption in the next five years Recode Daily: While James Comey testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee, Trump will be tweeting his take in real time What’s the future of media? Ask BuzzFeed chairman and HuffPost co-founder Ken Lerer. As the merger is completed, layoffs of up to 1,000 jobs at the combined AOL and Yahoo are expected Full transcript: ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ writer and producer Bruce Miller on Recode Decode How to watch former FBI director James Comey testify before Congress on Thursday Trending A top Uber executive, who obtained the medical records of a customer who was a rape victim, has been fired Sources say Eric Alexander carried around for a year confidential information about a woman who was assaulted during a ride in India in 2014. As the merger is completed, layoffs of up to 1,000 jobs at the combined AOL and Yahoo are expected As the troubled deal is finally culminated, it’s time for cuts. How to watch former FBI director James Comey testify before Congress on Thursday You may need a couple screens for this one. More in Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Online video is expected to triple bandwidth consumption in the next five years by Rani Molla Recode Daily: While James Comey testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee, Trump will be tweeting his take in real time by Recode Staff What’s the future of media? Ask BuzzFeed chairman and HuffPost co-founder Ken Lerer. by Eric Johnson As the merger is completed, layoffs of up to 1,000 jobs at the combined AOL and Yahoo are expected by Kara Swisher Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Reuters Entertainment News Summary By Reuters Published: 16:59 EDT, 7 June 2017 | Updated: 16:59 EDT, 7 June 2017 e-mail Following is a summary of current entertainment news briefs. Cosby attorneys highlight sex assault accuser's 'confusion' Attorneys for Bill Cosby turned their attention to early discrepancies in statements by the woman who has accused him of sexually assaulting her in 2004, as they sought to discredit prosecutors' star witness. Andrea Constand, a former basketball coach at the entertainer's alma mater, Temple University, took the stand on Tuesday at the trial where Cosby, 79, faces criminal sex abuse charges. Horror thriller 'It Comes at Night' stems from personal tale Trey Edward Shults burst onto the movie scene two years ago with his first film, festival favorite "Krisha," made on a paltry $30,000 budget with his own family members as actors. "Krisha," a 2015 film about addiction that drew from the writer-director's personal life, went on to be one of the best reviewed films of the year and won several awards. Take a vacation? Not me, says action star Tom Cruise Don't tell Tom Cruise to slow down - the action movie star says making movies is better than taking a vacation. Cruise, 54, known for doing most of his own stunts, is back on screen this week in adventure "The Mummy," the latest reboot of the ancient Egyptian-inspired horror film series first seen in 1932. Apple's first TV series shows what it takes to build an app Apple Inc's long-awaited move into original television series starts Tuesday, with a reality show about a universe that is key to the technology giant's business: the world of app developers trying to bring their ideas to the masses. The 10-episode "Planet of the Apps," an unscripted show with similarities to ABC's "Shark Tank," is part of an effort to add exclusive video programing to Apple's music streaming service to help attract new subscribers. The first episode will be available for streaming around the globe starting at 9 p.m. PDT on Tuesday (midnight EDT/0400 GMT). Ariana Grande becomes British heroine with Manchester concert U.S. pop star Ariana Grande, hardly a household name in Britain before a suicide bomber killed 22 people at her Manchester concert in May, has emerged as a national heroine there following an emotional televised benefit performance. In the days following Grande's sold-out show on Sunday, which raised some $3 million for a victims fund and became the UK's most-watched TV broadcast of the year, Britons have embraced the 23-year-old singer. They have called for her to be formally honored by Queen Elizabeth and the city of Manchester. Amal and George Clooney welcome boy and girl twins Amal Clooney on Tuesday gave birth to twins, a boy and a girl, the first children for the international human rights lawyer and her movie star spouse. "This morning Amal and George welcomed Ella and Alexander Clooney into their lives. Ella, Alexander and Amal are all healthy, happy and doing fine," George Clooney's publicist Stan Rosenfield said in an email. Pressure grows to cancel Bosnia concert by Croat nationalist Major powers called on Tuesday for the cancellation of a planned concert in Bosnia by a Croatian nationalist singer whose songs are offensive to Serbs and Muslim Bosniaks, saying it could derail reconciliation in the ethnically divided country. Marko Perkovic Thompson, whose shows have been canceled in several European countries because of his unruly fans, has been invited by the Bosnian Croat leadership to take part in a concert on Thursday in honor of Croatian detainees at the U.N. war crimes tribunal in The Hague. Filmmaker Michael Moore launches 'TrumpiLeaks' website for whistleblowers Documentary filmmaker and liberal activist Michael Moore launched a website called "TrumpiLeaks" on Tuesday to allow whistleblowers to securely leak information to him about U.S. President Donald Trump and his administration. "Patriotic Americans in government, law enforcement or the private sector with knowledge of crimes, breaches of public trust and misconduct committed by Donald J. Trump and his associates are needed to blow the whistle in the name of protecting the United States of America from tyranny," Moore wrote in an open letter on the Huffington Post. Story of U.S. Marine Megan Leavey comes to movie theaters The true story of U.S. Marine Megan Leavey and her military combat dog Rex arrives in North American movie theaters on Friday. "Megan Leavey" follows the pair as they meet, work together in a bomb detection unit in Iraq and Afghanistan, and are later reunited on U.S. soil where she is struggling to adapt to life as a civilian. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  'I just spat out my coffee!' Viewers' shock as Trinny Woodall blurts out that she 'wants to be black' while admiring a model's 'marble skin' on This Morning (before stroking her BREAST) Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen is being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid $120 million divorce Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey 'You are a beautiful soul!': Kris Jenner is the first to wish Kim Kardashian's husband Kanye West a happy 40th birthday Family first The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham dresses for her fashion fatigue in a blue pyjama set after a non-stop week in New York City Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand No auto tune needed! Britney Spears proves she has a flawless voice as she shares unedited clip of her singing hit, Toxic Talented Heavy night? Myleene Klass wears SHADES in the dark as she heads home after a boozy evening at Graduate Fashion Week Gala Bleary-eyed Daisy Lowe cuts a dishevelled figure in her eye-popping gown as she leaves the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition party Alesha Dixon displays her enviable abs in a tiny bandeau top as she attends fashion event with boyfriend Azuka Ononye Flashing flesh Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man at NYC event Louise Redknapp reveals she was in BED with husband Jamie when false claims of marriage woes surfaced... as she insists they're 'great' Leggy Katie Piper wows in chic floral mini dress and nude wedges as she leaves Manchester hotel ahead of Ideal Home Show appearance He's hooked! Sam Claflin can't take his eyes off stunning wife Laura Haddock as they attend the London premiere of new film My Cousin Rachel Pregnant Tamsin Egerton exhibits her baby bump in smock dress as she joins partner Josh Hartnett at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Bra-vo!  'Relationship guru' Stephanie Davis weighs in on Ellie and Lotan's kiss on Big Brother... as she mocks her own saga with Jeremy McConnell in TV debut  Chloe Meadows sports neon orange bikini during Dubai getaway... after former pal Megan McKenna claimed she only wanted to reconcile for 'storylines' 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor in tense scenes on KUWTK Dating Tristan Thompson That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Doting dad  Kim Kardashian knocks back tequila while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol) Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley If you've got it! Christie Brinkley, 63, puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Leggy lady!  Big Brother's Chanelle McCleary discusses her painful Brazilian butt lift... before sobbing when her housemates vote her most likely to cheat on a boyfriend 'That's your first strike!': Arthur Fullford clashes with Joe, Hannah AND Imran on Big Brother... as viewers brand him 'most irritating person ever' Down to a fine art! Lady Amelia Windsor is flawless in a black dress layered over a white blouse at the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition Victoria Beckham unveils leather trousers and neon shoes in a VERY edgy new line she says is 'rooted in reality' (but some items will set you back £3,000) Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save the vaquita porpoise which could become extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage as she leads the glamour alongside Katherine Jenkins and Arizona Muse at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Look out ladies, Poldark's back on the market! Aidan Turner and girlfriend Nettie Wakefield 'split after being driven apart by conflicting schedules' 'We agree to disagree': Katy Perry reveals how her devoutly Christian parents reacted to sexually suggestive lyrics in Bon Appétit song One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by torrential rain  What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut tummy in black hoodie and tracksuit bottoms as she runs errands in LA A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Radiant in red  Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple  His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays touching tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown that shows off her incredible figure as she supports her NBC show This Is Us Blue-tiful Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops  Katherine Jenkins exudes elegance as she goes hand-in-hand with husband Andrew Levitas at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition 'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 Lauren Silverman slips her svelte frame into elegant green lace gown as she supports casually-clad partner Simon Cowell at his charity ball in London Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Quirky What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York City Shimmering star  They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Reunion Alec Baldwin looks dapper as stunning wife Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation Cute couple  Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress and shimmering silver heels at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Myleene Klass dazzles in a demure strapless dress at fashion gala after baring all in VERY plunging white gown the day before Glamorous display  Kym Marsh relaxes with her family at curry house opening in Manchester... after being praised for 'moving' British Soap Awards tribute to late son Archie All Night Long! Legendary Rnb singer Lionel Richie coming Down Under with Nile Rodgers for six city Aussie tour  Australians rejoice  'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto admits he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to be a dad Pixie Lott shows off her long legs in a racy double split yellow gown with a daring plunge front as she leads the glamour at lavish charity ball Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket and skinny jeans as she touches down in Los Angeles Jet set style  Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach as she puts on an energetic display on Battle Of The Network Stars A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls and orange jacket as she heads out for coffee in New York Radiant redhead  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville Plunging neckline 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on The Real Housewives Of New York City Make-up free Apprentice star Luisa Zissman cradles her baby daughter Indigo as she pays a visit to her local garden centre Low profile  Ariana Grande is back onstage amid heightened security as she resumes Dangerous Woman tour in Paris after Manchester attack Spot on! Margot Robbie flaunts trim pins in a summery polka dot frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish on Wednesday 'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Mollie King proves her fashionable flair by swapping the traditional party dress for a striking rose gold trouser suit at Barry M's anniversary bash Doctor Who's new hue: Pearl Mackie shares a daring amount of sideboob in a striking coral gown as she wows at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition Twiggy, 67, goes heavy on the millennial pink as she proves she can still turn heads at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection Will be available on her official website Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX Paired her sandals with a black Ivy Park hoodie Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she ignores ex Scott Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny grey mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry in Miami rain Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Wore tight gym clothing  Suited beauty Victoria Pendleton looks slick in an equestrian-style suit at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition... after trading cycling for horse riding Ellie Bamber proudly shows off a Stone Roses tee beneath her retro pastel co-ord as she makes a style statement at Royal Academy Summer bash Pretty as a picture! Emilia Fox exudes elegance in whimsical printed midi dress as she storms Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Girl power! Former Australia Prime Minister Julia Gillard reunites with unlikely pal Rihanna in Malawi as pair seek to raise $3 billion for better education Suki Waterhouse, 25, is reunited with rumoured beau Diego Luna, 37,as they step out in Manhattan after her appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as the actress declares 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of her 50th birthday 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!' John Cena describes the moment he proposed to his Nikki Bella in front of MILLIONS of fans Rough night? Bleary-eyed Mark Wright looks just a tad worse for wear after partying with his sister Jess at nightclub in Los Angeles Weary  I'm Still Standing! Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form as he bounces back from 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency Ariana Grande's manager confirms that Noel Gallagher was never asked to perform at Manchester One Love ... after he was SLAMMED by Liam  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt Getting ready to board Tequila, it won't kill ya, says Nigella: Culinary queen Lawson 'gargles' with spirits to remedy her 'fluey' symptoms Gargled with Mexican spirit Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Jaime Winstone debuts her dazzling engagement ring as she cosies up to her DJ 'fiancé' James Suckling at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition  Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Love Island's Katie Salmon flashes her cleavage in lace-up camouflage dress as she joins Zaralena Jackson for swimwear launch in Manchester Denise Van Outen is casually chic in pink floral shirt and trendy lace choker as she makes a radiant arrival at her BUILD Series talk Casually chic Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Actress revealed her cancer has returned The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes 'We didn't have scales as kids': Sophie Ellis-Bextor has BANNED the word 'diet' from her home... following encouragement from her mother 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film Open for a return Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Posted a new image on social media Hysterical Holly Willoughby 'nearly wets herself' before downing gin on This Morning... the morning after partying hard at the Glamour Awards 'Our babies cause mayhem together!': Kimberley Walsh gushes about fellow mum and BFF Cheryl... and reveals she's ready to have another child  Fancy seeing you here! Former TOWIE star Jess Wright makes surprise appearance at Chris Brown's documentary premiere in Los Angeles Braless Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display in a garish jumpsuit with a patterned cape at Midsummer Ball charity bash From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'It's not the 18th century!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'take care of her kids' after she posted video of herself partying Punching pupils... and that was just the teachers. Ackley Bridge was Waterloo Road with Hijabs and a slice of modern Britain, by JIM SHELLEY Big Brother's Mandy brags about her SEX TAPE in front of her daughter... as Ellie and Lotan kiss in the hot tub before getting steamy under the covers 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Perrie Edwards and Jesy Nelson go wild on stage at Little Mix concert in Stockholm... after Jennifer Saunders 'scolds' them for awards no-show Defiant Stephanie Davis goes braless in a revealing top after accusing Jeremy McConnell's ex-girlfriend of using her 'name for fame' Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight as she shares racy behind the scenes look at Bon Appétit music video Good enough to eat!  EXCLUSIVE: 'I wore tiny pants to hide my hangover': Human Ken Doll is a dead ringer for Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in budgie smugglers 'Children don't need to see such exposure!' Ann Widdecombe calls for 'X-rated' Amanda Holden to be FIRED from BGT following string of racy dresses Make-up free Felicity Jones steps out for shopping spree... hours after revealing her engagement ring at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit Jessica Simpson slammed for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Shooting her TV Land half-hour show Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo First debuted her makeover in May Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead of suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sad news  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Much-loved storybook nanny 'Affecting my fertility was a wake-up call': Christine McGuinness hits back at accusations of promoting anorexia as husband Paddy helped her overcome eating disorder 'I like Royalty, Prince and Duchess': Katie Price shares names planned for baby number SIX... despite daughter Princess shunning her moniker Southampton striker Charlie Austin and wife Bianca RE-FOLLOW each other on Twitter... after cutting ties when she cryptically claimed he had been 'cheating' 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium Has added to her feline brood SPOILER ALERT 'What more could we want?' Love Island's Montana and Chloe pin their hopes on new Boy Bombshells as Chris and Jonny arrive to shake couples up  Caroline Flack suffers double nip-slip as her plunging ruffled dress fails to contain her ample assets as she leaves Glamour Awards Oops Pregnant Ferne McCann covers her bump as she joins anti-bullying campaign... amid TOWIE pal Vas Morgan's criticisms of her 'choice of men' Leggy Amy Childs flaunts her post-baby body in a scarlet summer dress as she celebrates turning 27 with newborn daughter Polly MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in tiny blue bikini as she parties by the pool with her pals on Greek getaway Jorgie Porter puts her shapely pins on show in thigh-skimming shirt dress as she enjoys girly brunch in West Hollywood Legs eleven  Good night? Make-up free Fearne Cotton clutches a huge flask of coffee after partying into the early hours at Glamour Awards Getting some fresh air Supermarket sweep! Casually-clad Coleen Rooney displays her post-holiday glow as she leaves the shops laden down with groceries  Shopping in style  'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins  Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy She's expecting  Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Emma Willis looks exhausted on This Morning following 'tipsy' Glamour Awards... and reveals Holly Willoughby made her STAGE DIVE at her wedding 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses marriage to Daniel Craig Still stunning  'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Happy couple Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in a translucent LBD during dinner date with The Weeknd in NYC Baring all Making waves! Cody Simpson speaks at the United Nation's Ocean's Conference after being named their FIRST advocate New role Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted trousers Striking Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cosies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville Made a solo trip to the event on Wednesday 'It gives you goosebumps': The Voice Kids judge Pixie Lott is a sexy señorita in floral Bardot gown... as she marvels at 'magical' maturity of contestants 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne smugly reveals Cheryl has son Bear sleeping at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik 'He was actually really cool about it': Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after agreeing to drunken dare Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
James Comey's Testimony: Watch the Livestream › Follow @RollingStone 'We're So F-cked!' Inside the Industry's Long, Slow Embrace of Streaming Music News Video Music Politics TV Movies Gaming RS Country RS Hip-Hop More News Video Music Politics TV Movies Gaming RS Country RS Hip-Hop Lists Culture Galleries Sports Interviews Long Reads Artists Ram Report Album Reviews American Beauty Movie Reviews Coverwall Live Reviews 50th Anniversary Podcasts Subscribe Trending Watch Livestream of James Comey Testimony on... It's Time to Demand Donald Trump's Resignation James Comey Hearing: What Time It Starts and How to... Ice Cube on Bill Maher Racial Slur: 'You Gotta Know When... 'We're So F-cked!' Inside the Industry's Long, Slow Embrace of Streaming Music Read an exclusive new excerpt from Steve Knopper's 'Appetite for Self-Destruction: The Spectacular Crash of the Record Industry in the Digital Age' Read a new excerpt from Steve Knopper's landmark 'Appetite for Self-Destruction' about the industry's embrace of streaming music. Credit: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg/Getty By Rolling Stone 17 hours ago More News Streaming Helps Music Industry Rebound in 2016 After Years of Decline How Internet Fandoms Are Gaming the Music Industry Music Industry Urges Trump to Strengthen Intellectual Property Laws All Stories In 2009, Rolling Stone contributing writer Steve Knopper published Appetite for Self-Destruction: The Spectacular Crash of the Record Industry in the Digital Age, a book that tracked the rise of digital formats in the record business – starting with the development of the CD in the 1980s – and laid out the myriad ways in which the major record labels contributed to their own struggles during the 2000s.  Related Streaming Helps Music Industry Rebound in 2016 After Years of Decline Streaming services now account for 51 percent of $7.7 billion revenue, providing a silver lining to plummeting CD and digital download sales Knopper found that the innovation-averse major labels repeatedly took the wrong approach to digital formats. Instead of seeing a potential ally in Napster, a digital distribution platform with a millions-strong user base, the labels shut it down. "That was the last chance for the record industry as we know it to stave off certain ruin," Knopper wrote. Adding insult to injury, Apple then took advantage of the music industry's intransigence, developing the iTunes store and the iPod and becoming America's primary source of music sales. Appetite for Self-Destruction came out just as the streaming services were starting to pick up steam – Spotify was beginning to gain traction in Europe – but long before the current streaming-happy age with Spotify, Apple Music, Tidal and more competing for subscribers. In a reissue of his book, out this week, Knopper adds a new chapter focused on the streaming revolution. In this exclusive excerpt from the new edition, Knopper details how music business executives realized that they needed to embrace music streaming. As a result, the major labels cut a deal with Spotify, enabling the streaming service to launch in Europe in 2008. Rob Wells was the perfect person for Spotify's Daniel Ek to meet in the record business in 2006. Within Universal Music, Wells had a reputation for recklessness. Years earlier, as a young U.K. digital-music executive for BMG, the major label known for hits by Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera, he attended a management meeting every Friday morning at the stately Bedford House in central London. One day, after listening to the usual talks about market share and new-release strategies, Wells stood up to make a presentation of his own.  "I was sort of light relief at the end," he recalls. The subject he chose was Napster, at that point five months old and not yet the disruption machine that would make the cover of Time. He projected its search box onto a screen and asked the execs in the room to suggest a song title. Richard Griffiths, later a manager who would turn One Direction and 5 Seconds of Summer into superstars, came up with one by The Surfers, a band so obscure he was sure nobody would ever find it. But sure enough, as Wells recalls, "This cascade of results went down the page." "All media was getting hit then, and you were a super-whiny baby if you complained about it," says one music exec. Wells hadn't been sure what to expect. Praise, maybe? Or enthusiasm. "Fucking hell!" Griffiths said. There was a pause. "We're so fucked!" a lawyer said. Wells had intended to lead his colleagues to a new way of doing things in the record business – free distribution, marketing, publicity, all the benefits that would eventually come to pass through Twitter and Facebook, iTunes and YouTube. Instead, they saw piracy, chaos and doom, perhaps even a glimmer of urgent career rethinking. "There was this zoom-out moment, when I said, 'Oh no, this is going the wrong way,'" Wells recalls. "At that point, I knew it wouldn't be easy doing what I knew needed to be done." As Wells progressed through his record-business career, rising to a bigger label, Universal, he tried to ignore the frustration he felt from what he calls the "lobbying, legislation, litigation" response to digital music, from peer-to-peer renegades like Napster to legal streaming services from Pandora to imeem. Wells' boss, digital-friendly Universal U.K. chairman Lucian Grainge, instructed him to create what he calls a "strike force" to make groundbreaking, innovative deals that could help the record business return to strength in the depressed, post-Napster era. He set out from Universal's London offices to make deals barely known to top executives at the Vivendi-owned major record label.  Upon hearing about Soribada, an illegal piece of music-download software undercutting CD sales in South Korea, Wells flew to meet founder Sean Yang and re-launch it as a legal, $5-per-month subscription company – and Universal's business soon recovered, not only in South Korea but other parts of Asia. Wells struck a deal with Nokia to create Comes with Music, which packed new mobile phones with unlimited free songs. Within Universal, colleagues mocked Wells, insisting he would give away so much music that he would actually cannibalize legal CDs and download sales. Analyzing the Nokia data, Wells discovered the opposite – music fans only had so much time, and given the availability of every song ever made, at any moment, they would eventually move onto other things. "It was immensely lucrative, not just from a financial perspective, but from a data perspective," Wells says. Related How Apple Music, Tidal Exclusives Are Reshaping Music Industry Streaming services have changed the way superstars put out music, but fans are getting left in the cold. Will this new reality last? Unlike the Napster people a few years earlier, Ek and Lorentzon found strong go-betweens to put them in the right meetings with London record executives. Fred Davis was a well-connected lawyer in music and technology; his father was Clive Davis, the famous record scout and longtime label chief who had discovered pop superstars from Whitney Houston to Alicia Keys, and he'd been quietly developing his own identity as someone who could convince reluctant record executives to make content deals with promising startups like MySpace and YouTube. He also found Ken Parks, a former EMI exec who met Ek and Lorentzon and decided Spotify had a chance. Even before they met with Universal's Wells, the first major-label rep to pick up on the product was Stefan Blom, a Stockholm EMI exec who liked the interface so much he talked it up to others at the label.  Soon everybody was playing with it. "Just the usability of it, and its response time, was fantastic," recalls Barney Wragg, an EMI digital exec in London who worked with Blom. Similar enthusiasm was spreading at other European labels. At Sony, Ian Henderson, head of a small digital-business development team, showed up abruptly at his colleague Ulrich Jaerkel's desk with Spotify and used the expression "fucking mind-blowing." The U.S. record executives would soon have misgivings about Ek's personality, but their European counterparts were taken with him – they saw him as a deal-making Jobs, not a pirate Shawn Fanning. Jaerkel called him "a very laid-back dude, very likable and convincing that he could help the music industry grow again." In earlier times, record labels were exciting, vibrant places to work – A&R scouts in the 1980s and 1990s said their job titles stood for "artists and restaurants," considering the many acts they wooed with fine wine and gourmet dinners. By 2008, labels had crashed so thoroughly that the broader U.S. recession the same year felt like a mere aftershock. At Universal Motown Republic, the first two rounds of layoffs during this period did not affect executive vice president Cameo Carlson's small digital-music team – her staff represented the future of the business, after all. But one day she received a spreadsheet, directing her to eliminate employees from her team, even though they were mostly young and making less than $30,000 per year. "It wasn't fun to be at a record label," she says. "People's houses are being foreclosed on and the banks are messed up. Those were the hard days. You're losing your job, and it's a weird job to begin with, so replacing that job is not easy." The digital-music wars had been fought, and the labels lost. Like Wells, and other tech-friendly employees at labels, Carlson had a rebellious streak. She showed up at meetings and loudly suggested top executives forfeit 1 percent of their salary in order to stave off the job cuts. She also declared aloud that labels think about phasing out CDs, in favor of iTunes and streaming services. This was in 2008, five years after Apple had launched its download store, and she was shocked to find colleagues with "this desperate need to hang onto CD sales by any means necessary." She kept having to listen to veteran sales and promotions managers lecturing about their songs airing in clubs and strip bars.  The digital-music wars, Carlson knew, had been fought, and the labels lost. They'd spent precious years frittering away opportunities – to make a deal with the original Napster, to create their own digital-music service, to not sue their own customers for illegally downloading music. "It sucked," Carlson says. "All media was getting hit then, and you were a super-whiny baby if you complained about it." By this point, labels had made so many mistakes in the digital age that other industries were learning from them what not to do. "The Motion Picture Association of America learned that it's best to use the FBI to go after as many pirates as they can – and don't sue your customers for downloading," says Tom Pollock, a former Universal studio executive who today runs Montecito Pictures with director Ivan Reitman. Yet top record executives were beginning to understand the business had changed, permanently, from selling expensive compact discs by the album to selling cheap digital downloads by the song. Top music executives who'd perceived Napster as the devil, end of story, were coming around to a new way of thinking. At Warner Music, chairman Lyor Cohen became enlightened over several lunches with Alex Zubillaga, the company's top digital-music executive, who convinced him that CDs may have been temporarily profitable, but the overhead expenses from crates and warehouses and forklifts and record stores were unnecessarily cumbersome in the digital age.  "I was also defensive," recalls Lyor Cohen, chairman of Warner Music during this period. "There's a lot of danger, and a lot of peril, but if you actually did close your eyes and imagine an industry that was free of the CD, you could imagine something so valuable and incredibly good for the artist, great for the record companies and better than great for the consumer." Tom Corson, general manager of Sony-owned RCA Music, put it more simply: "Over the last five years, we got religion," he said in 2009. "We realized we have to try things." Related 7 Ways to Up Your Streaming-Music Game Products to help you get the most out of your digital sound – no matter which service you use Ek had a brilliantly simple idea: "freemium," in which new users get hooked on the free portion of the service and enjoy it so much they pay to get a superior version. That made things easier for record executives – given decades of radio and MTV, labels were comfortable with a model of giving away something for free to persuade people to buy something later. The idea convinced the executives to move forward, although they wanted incentives built into the contract to encourage Spotify to convert free users into paid users. And, of course, labels wanted equity – in the end, a bit less than 20 percent in combined ownership of the company, according to sources and media reports. The rates Spotify paid labels for content were undisclosed, a long-kept secret that Ek would only partially disclose, later, when he announced that Spotify paid 70 percent of its revenues to rightsholders, including labels and publishers.  "It was a fairly complicated deal," says Sachin Doshi, a Universal business-development director who would jump to Spotify to be vice president of content and distribution. "Spotify was rewarded for converting more and more users." The negotiations were long and complex and, recalls a source close to Spotify at the time: "We were constantly on the fence of disaster." But they worked. On October 7th, 2008, Spotify launched in the U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Norway and Sweden. The service was popular right away, especially in Ek's home country, but conversions from free to paid were slow. The press hadn't quite come around, either, as the few articles written about Spotify in those early days lumped the service with not-exactly-household-name models like We7, Comes with Music and MySpace Music. But nearly a year later, in September 2009, Spotify added a mobile client, giving users of the newfangled iPhone a kind of super-transistor radio to access any song ever made in seconds. "This is when Spotify saw its first real subscription growth," Doshi says. Within months, that growth became so explosive that Pelle Lidell, a Universal publishing executive in Stockholm, would recall to the New Yorker: "We were an inch away from being buried, and Spotify single-handedly turned that around."  The only thing left for Spotify to do was conquer the U.S. And that was difficult. From Appetite for Self-Destruction: The Spectacular Crash of the Record Industry in the Digital Age by Steve Knopper. Copyright © 2017. Reprinted by permission. More News Streaming Helps Music Industry Rebound in 2016 After Years of Decline How Internet Fandoms Are Gaming the Music Industry Music Industry Urges Trump to Strengthen Intellectual Property Laws All Stories Topics: music streaming Spotify Apple Don’t Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive breaking news directly in your inbox. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Rolling Stone and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Watch Livestream of James Comey Testimony on... 9.7 It's Time to Demand Donald Trump's... 9.1 James Comey Hearing: What Time It Starts and... 8.1 Ice Cube on Bill Maher Racial Slur: 'You... 7.6 Sheila E. Remembers Private Life With Prince,... 7.4 © Rolling Stone 2017 Digital Edition Subscribe Give a Gift Coverwall Contact Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Terms of Use Customer Service Advertise Sitemap
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews All Reviews Editors' Choice Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Best Picks Best Picks All Categories Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Smart Home Devices Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Delete Facebook How to Download YouTube Videos How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router News News All News Features Opinions Fastest ISPS Fastest Mobile Networks Readers' Choice Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Business Choice Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 FastestISPs AppleHomePod iMacPro HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Amazon Has a Few Things to Say About Apple's HomePod Amazon Has a Few Things to Say About Apple's HomePod By Rob Marvin June 7, 2017 03:13pm EST 10 Comments David Limp, SVP of Devices at Amazon, responds to Apple's HomePod announcement and talks Alexa, Siri, Google Assistant, and the AI landscape. Apple made its long-awaited debut into the smart home space at WWDC this week, announcing its $349 Apple HomePod connected speaker with Siri. At the Wired Business Conference today in New York City, the exec behind Alexa—Amazon's SVP of Devices David Limp—explained how he thinks Apple's connected speaker fits into the landscape. There's plenty of talk about pitting the features, pricing, and specs of Apple HomePod, Amazon Echo, and Google Home against one another. For Limp, the first thing that stands out about the HomePod is its price. "It's definitely a premium product at $350," said Limp. "From our standpoint, it's a little different philosophically from how we're looking at Echo. We see these endpoints for assistants in every room. One of the reasons we came out with the Echo Dot was getting the price to under $50. If you think about putting an Echo in every room times a two-room apartment or an eight-room home...compared to $350 for HomePod you could have eight Dots with our three-pack." Limp also talked about what Amazon has learned about the market and consumer preference as it has released and refined its Echo offerings over the past several years. One element he's curious to see how Apple handles is the very particular consumer preferences around speakers and sound quality. "The second thing we learned [aside from pricing] is that people's taste in speakers are unbelievably personal," Limp argued. "It's like cars. What you like in terms of the bass response, someone else may hate because they listen to classical music and focus on the treble. "You might like Bose, they might like Sonos," he continued. "Dot and Echo through Bluetooth and Audio Out can connect to other speakers. A Dot with the speaker of your choice seems like the right path for consumers. It'll be interesting to see if Apple comes to the same conclusion." As for whether Amazon would ever release its own premium speaker, all Limp said, cryptically, is that Amazon always aims to give consumers a lot of choice. Alexa + Siri = Love? One of the most interesting tidbits from Limp's interview at the conference was some insight on Amazon's philosophy about working with other players in the space. Related Apple HomePod vs. Amazon Echo vs. Google Home: Smart Speaker Showdown Apple HomePod vs. Amazon Echo vs. Google Home: Smart Speaker Showdown "Our view is not homogenous. No more so than the services in your house like where you buy your washing machine, or the choice of whether you shop at Nordstrom or Amazon. We feel it's a lot more of a web paradigm than an operating system paradigm," said Limp. "Our hope and our first efforts are to open up the environment with skills to augment Alexa. Over time you could imagine saying something like 'Hey Alexa, ask Siri this.'" Limp said that's a very real use case, and that the differences between Siri, Cortana, and Google Assistant ultimately shouldn't stop that kind of integration in the future. Amazon's stance is that it's open to integrations and making sure its software works with anyone's hardware. "If Andy [Rubin] wants to use Alexa and his own assistant [in the Essential Phone], we'd be all for it. If Apple or Google want to call, I'm happy to answer the phone. I hope there's a day when that happens." Back to top Previous : Does Trump's Twitter Blocking Violate the First Amendment? By Rob Marvin Assistant Editor, Business Rob Marvin is the Assistant Editor of PCMag's Business section. He covers startups, business and venture capital, and writes features, news, and trend stories on all manner of emerging technologies. Beats include: blockchain, artificial intelligence and cognitive computing, augmented reality, legal cannabis tech, social media, the mobile app economy, digital commerce and payments, cloud, Big Data, low code development, containers and microservices, deep linking, equity crowdfunding, M&A, SEO, and enterprise software in general. Rob was previously an editor at SD Times covering software, managing social media,... More » More Stories by Rob Cloud TPUs: A Chip to Make Every Business as Smart as Google Google SVP of Technical Infrastructure Urs Hölzle breaks down how Google's cloud-based Tensor Proces... More » Top 5 Ways to Recharge Your Helpdesk Now How tech like gamification, predictive analytics, sentiment analysis, and social ticket integrations... More » PCMag Startup Toolkit: June 2017 This month's new slate of startup hardware and software includes accounting, backup, and business in... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stocks Fall After Nasdaq Hits Record High  |  IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Holds At 51.3  |  Nordstrom Mulls 'Going Private' Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Stocks Dodge Oil Dilemma, End Higher As China-Names Rally ALAN R. ELLIOTT 6/07/2017 Reprints Stock wrestled to a positive finish Wednesday, overcoming an energy sector meltdown brought on by multiple global factors. The Dow Jones industrial average and the S&P 500 climbed 0.2% apiece. The Nasdaq surged 0.4%, as NetEase (NTES), JD.com (JD) and American Airlines (AAL) led the Nasdaq 100 with gains of more than 2% each. Apple (AAPL) and the FANG stocks also had their say, with Apple up 0.6% and Amazon.com (AMZN) rising 0.7%. Preliminary data showed volume mixed, higher on the NYSE, lower on the Nasdaq, than end-of-day trade on Tuesday. In a day of whirling global news and events, oil took center stage as a Platt's survey outlined a surprise production increase of more than a quarter-million barrels per day by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, followed by a weekly inventories report from the Energy Information Administration that showed a 3.3 million-barrel increase in U.S. supplies. That number was almost 8 million barrels above the American Petroleum Institute's estimate released Tuesday, which showed a 4.6 million decrease during the same week. That estimate had helped send oil prices up nearly 2% on Tuesday. Oil was already being closely watched early Wednesday, as tensions rose in the Persian Gulf where Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain had effectively blockaded Qatar, and after reports of multiple armed attacks on official buildings in Tehran, Iran, that reportedly left at least 12 dead. News reports said the Islamic State claimed responsibility for the Tehran attacks. As a result, U.S.-based oil benchmarks led the declines, with West Texas Intermediate crude ending down nearly 5% to below $46 a barrel, its lowest mark since early May. UnitedHealth Raises Dividend, NetEase Gets Price Target Hike On the stock market, oil-related groups took six of the session's 10 worst losses among industries. Drilling, U.S. E&P and field services were hardest hit. Airlines had one of the day's best performances, with Hawaiian Holdings (HA) surging 12% to break out above a 56.25 buy point. The owner of Hawaiian Airlines reported stronger-than-expected passenger traffic in May. Brazil-based Gol Intelligent Airlines (GOL) jumped 5% in weak trade. Oil plays took nine of the 10 hardest falls among S&P 500 stocks. Newfield Exploration (NFX) and Helmerich & Payne (HP) each fell about 6%. Also among those tumbles was beer-maker Molson Brewing (TAP), which tanked 6.5%. Near the top of the list, Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) swung up more than 3% in moderate trade. The move was enough to clear a 62.08 flat-base buy point, but volume was only 20% above average – not enough to qualify as a breakout. Volume can sometimes kick in a day or two after a stock passes a buy point, confirming a breakout after the fact. Nike (NKE), UnitedHealth Group (UNH) and American Express (AXP) were among the Dow industrials to rise 1% or more. UnitedHealth hiked its quarterly dividend to 75 cents a share and Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on the stock with an overweight rating and a 202 price target. Coca-Cola (KO) dropped to the bottom of the list, down 1%, pressured by a downgrade from BMO Capital Markets to market perform from outperform. China-based stocks posted a strong session, with NetEase leading the Nasdaq 100 with a 3% gain in powerful trade. Standpoint Research trimmed the stock's rating to reduce, from buy, but also upped its price target to 360 from 345. On the IBD 50 list, New Oriental Education & Technology (EDU) and TAL Education (TAL) led, up 9% and 5% respectively. New Oriental remained extended and working on its eighth-straight weekly gain. TAL is extended after a rebound from support at its 10-week moving average. RELATED: Oil Tumbles On Surprise U.S. Stockpile Build How Markets Got The Jobs Report Completely Wrong         ALAN R. ELLIOTT | Facebook | @IBD_Aelliott Share this: Related news Best Chinese Stocks To Buy And Watch 7:29 AM ET Track the top-rated Chinese stocks trading in the U.S. 7:29 AM ET Track the top-rated Chinese stocks trading in the U.S. Futures: This New IPO Is Set For First Breakout After Strong Q1 Stocks To Buy And Watch: Top IPOs, Big And Small Caps, Growth Stocks Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch 3 Big Events, 2 China Plays, 1 Bitcoin Chip Stock: Investing Action Plan Apple Gets Price-Target Hike; Video Game Makers Touted Before E3 Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Apple (AAPL) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis How Apple Anti-Cookie Tools Could Impact Facebook, Amazon, Snap Today's Spotlight Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Let’s Stay in Touch! Get Free Emails on: Educational Content, Invitations to Special Events, Exclusive Offers and More! More News 3 Big Events, 2 China Plays, 1 Bitcoin Chip Stock: Investing Action Plan 'Star Wars,' 'Call of Duty,' Scorpio Vying To Be Top Guns At E3 Show Trade the Markets You Already Know with Limited Risk Promoted Content By Nadex Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Presidential Approval, Direction Of Country Trump's standing in the overall Presidential Leadership Index slipped in June, but his numbers remain above the low they hit in April. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
lifehacker Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Skillet Two Cents Vitals Offspring Apps How to Save Storage Space on iOS 11 Patrick Lucas AustinYesterday 4:30pm Filed to: Apple WWDC 2017 iOS 11 iOS Storage iCloud 7 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image credit: Justin Sullivan/Getty At WWDC 2017 Apple announced iOS 11, and with it a slew of space-saving features for smaller devices. Good on Apple for making 32GB the smallest storage in its iOS lineup, but it still isn’t enough. Tons of people already spend time trying to reduce the size of their photos, apps, and other bits of data in order to save space and not meet the dreaded “Cannot take photo” alert when it’s clutch time. You don’t have to suffer the scourge of running out of storage if you play your cards right. If you get some offsite storage, clear some older apps, and listen to your phone when it tells you to drop some texts, and you’ll (probably) never have to worry about running out of space again. Get some iCloud storage Apple cut the monthly price of its 2TB iCloud storage plan to $9.99, down from $19.99. It’s a great move since more apps are opting to use iCloud syncing to store documents and data. It still features the dirt cheap $0.99 per month subscription for 50GB of cloud storage, a plan I just signed up for considering I just ran out of storage thanks to my iOS backups. Advertisement The drop in price is a great incentive to sign up for more storage, even though iCloud isn’t the most loved cloud storage platform. Compared to Google Drive’s $9.99 per month plan for 1TB of storage, it’s actually a pretty good deal if you’re deep in Apple’s ecosystem. Also added to iCloud is family storage sharing, so feel free to share that 2TB plan with up to six “family members.” Since one of its suggestions for freeing up storage on your phone is to send your photos to the iCloud Photo Library, purchasing the base storage plan might be the way to go instead of shelling out another $100 to double the storage on your iPhone. Back up (or just delete) your messages Surprisingly, your blue bubbles and funny pictures you send to your friends take up more space than you realize—enough so that iOS 11 includes storage management for iMessages. The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard of Yet Earlier this week Apple showed off iOS 11, the next iteration of the iPhone and iPad operating…Read more Apple is pushing for messages and attachments to be saved and stored on iCloud rather than on the device, and has new options for reviewing large photos, videos, and attachments that are prime candidates for deletion. iOS 11 will suggest you auto-delete conversations over a year old if you just don’t want them. Coupled with its new file formats for videos and photos that promise to make them smaller while preserving quality, culling your messages for space should be less of a hassle. Granted, it’s a feature that should’ve been introduced when Apple still made 16GB iOS devices, but it’s nice to have. Say goodbye to old apps You know you’ve got a bunch of apps on your phone that haven’t been touched in a while. Lucky for you, your good friend Apple is here to help you get rid of those dusty squares on your device by barring them from iOS 11 until they get their act together. The move might not save you a ton of storage, but it sounds like a death blow for games that are large and unsupported, even if you’re a daily user. Advertisement Sponsored In short, 32-bit apps will not work on iOS 11. The decision isn’t new; Apple announced the change from 32 to 64-bit apps in December 2014. Apps that haven’t updated to the more modern 64-bit architecture currently display a popup saying the older architecture may cause your iOS device to run poorly, but in iOS 11 they simply will not run. Instead you’ll be greeted with a passive-aggressive message telling you how lazy the developer is for not updating their app. You can see which apps haven’t updated to iOS 11 and purge them yourself, of course. In Settings, go to General > About > Applications and you’ll see a list of outdated apps. Apple’s also copying a feature found on certain Android phones in order to save space taken up by larger apps. The “Offload Unused App” feature lets you delete whatever app you aren’t using but keep the documents and other personal data associated with it on your device. When it’s time to download it again, just tap the greyed out app and watch it download. You can enable the Offload feature in Settings > General > iPhone Storage and see which apps it suggests you eliminate until further notice. Recommended Stories How Apple's New Speaker Compares to Sonos and Echo Getting Things Done, Ten Years In Apple Just Added One More Way to Repay Your Friends Patrick Lucas Austin @patbits Reply7 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Lifehacker How to Deal with a Narcissistic Boss  Yesterday 6:00pm Lifehacker Why We Love Ourselves but Care More About Other People's Opinions Yesterday 4:00pm Lifehacker How to Follow Donald Trump's Tweets Without Following Donald Trump Yesterday 3:00pm Recent from Patrick Lucas Austin 130 78.3K Lifehacker · Patrick Lucas Austin How Apple's New Speaker Compares to Sonos and Echo Tuesday 6:00pm 308 100.3K Lifehacker · Patrick Lucas Austin NSA Leaker Outed Thanks to Modern Printer Technology   Tuesday 2:00pm 12 18.4K Lifehacker · Patrick Lucas Austin Protect Your Data By Using Single Sign-On Whenever Possible  Tuesday 12:50pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Lifehacker Store Redirecting to the Lifehacker store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Apple Putting Screen-Replacing Robots In Some Best Buy Stores Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Apple Putting Screen-Replacing Robots In Some Best Buy Stores Image courtesy of Michael Gil June 7, 2017 4:01 pm EDT By Kate Cox@kcoxdc right to repair apple iphone glass cracked screens best buy Smartphones are great, sure. But the problem with your modern smartphone is that the outside is made of glass — and humans are, well, kind of klutzes, by and large. So cracked screens happen. A lot. Now, Apple is making it easier for iPhone owners to get their screens properly repaired — but it’s also a tactic to help the company avoid laws requiring them to let you fix your own phone. In its own stores, Apple uses a specialized, proprietary machine to repair your spiderwebbed screen. Now, as Reuters reports, it’s sharing those machines with certain other stores worldwide. Here in the U.S., the first authorized third party to get one of these Horizon Machines is Best Buy, which already has one of the screen repair machines at a store in the Miami area and is getting another one soon in California. The eventual plan is to have Horizon Machines in about 400 third-party locations worldwide by the end of the year, Apple told Reuters. There are also some pilot tests of the repair machines going on in the greater San Francisco area, London, Shanghai, and Singapore. If you’ve strolled through any mall, strip mall, or city street in the last several years, you may even be wondering why these machines are necessary. After all, we seem to have “Repair 4 U” style kiosks and storefronts popping up all over. These third-party repair shops are fine for some screen repairs, Apple confirmed to Reuters, but not for all. If your phone’s fingerprint sensor is damaged when the screen is cracked, a replacement from something other than one of Apple’s Horizon Machines can render it inoperable — basically, turn it into a brick. That’s for security purposes, Reuters says — that way you know that the replacement sensor is actually authorized, and someone’s not trying to break into and access things they shouldn’t on a stolen phone. But as Reuters also notes, it’s probably not just a desire to shorten waits at the Genius Bar that’s making Apple share its fancy robots at this particular time. Right now, there are eight separate states — Illinois, Kansas, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, New York, Tennessee, and Wyoming — considering some kind of “right to repair” bill. These laws, basically, want to protect third-party repair shops’ right to keep existing, and consumers’ rights to choose who fixes their stuff. It’s not just phone companies that use the software embedded in their products to restrict third parties’ ability to repair or tinker with the devices they sell. Phone and electronic device-makers do it, sure, but so do makers of every other kind of machine — even tractors. Related: 4 Ways Copyright Law Actually Controls Your Whole Digital Life So the measures in these states would require manufacturers to let third-party shops and the general public acquire repair manuals, diagnostic tools, and genuine, authentic replacement parts — at fair prices. That would increase competition, and allow consumers more choice. Apple, however, is not a fan of these bills. In Nebraska, Apple was among the companies that lobbied against the right to repair bill traveling through the state legislature — and it stalled out shortly thereafter. Apple tells Reuters that its plan to get Horizon Machines into more locations is unrelated to “legislative pressure.” But legislators tend to want to fix problems that exist, and constituents complain about. If fewer people have to wait in line to get their Phones fixed, that’s probably fewer people who will agitate for more repair options. June 7, 2017 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc right to repair apple iphone glass cracked screens best buy Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related okay our bad Apple Admits Some iPhone 6S Batteries Are Busted, Will Fix For Free Damaged Property Report: Apple To Accept Newer iPhone Trade-Ins With Cracked Screens, Other Dings mapple stores Fake Apple Stores Have Returned To China, Try To Quench Thirst For iPhone 6S very complicated things It Takes Dozens Of Companies To Make Your iPhone can't touch this Flaw In iPhone 6 Can Reportedly Render Some Devices Unusable Previous Did FDA Illegally Delay Menu Labeling Rules? Next 1-In-4 Families Don’t Seek Medical Attention Because Of Financial Worries Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: 1-In-4 Families Don’t Seek Medical Attention Because Of Financial Worries Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close this Advertisement ... Transforming Education Through Technology Contact Subscribe Advertise Editorial Calendar THE Journal Advanced Search Login | Register What is your e-mail address? My e-mail address is: Do you have a password? I don't have a password. (Sign up now!) I have a password Forgot your password? Click here close K-12 News Features Opinion Resources Webcasts Whitepapers Microsites Research Tutorials Reviews Newsletters Common Core Admin Tools K-12 Grants Special Needs Professional Development STEM IT Collaboration Related Articles Google Expeditions Adds Augmented Reality for Classrooms How STEAM Transformed Our School's Culture Share this Page LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Digg del.icio.us Technorati Slashdot Newsvine Reddit Fark Yahoo! Printable Format E-Mail this page Mobile Wearables Market Continues Kick in First Quarter By Dian Schaffhauser 06/07/17 Fitbit has lost its pacing. According to the latest device tracker from International Data Corporation, United States-based Apple and China-based smartphone maker Xiaomi have edged out the wearables leader. At the same time, the worldwide wearables market is seeing double-digit growth among many of the device makers, led by Samsung. IDC's quarterly trackers examine market size, company share and forecasts. The latest covers shipment of products during the first quarter of 2017. During 1Q17 both Xiaomi and Apple shipped 3.6 million wearable devices (with a slight bump by Xiaomi over Apple), compared to Fitbit's 3 million, IDC reported. Korean behemoth Samsung came in fourth with 1.4 million shipments. iCharts The overall wearables market grew by almost 18 percent year over year, compared to 17 percent last quarter. However, Samsung saw the most dramatic rise, growing during the quarter by 91 percent year over year. Apple's YoY growth was 64 percent over the same period, while Fitbit saw a drop of almost 38 percent. "Fitbit finds itself in the midst of a transformation as user tastes evolve from fitness bands to watches and other products," said Ramon Llamas, research manager for IDC's Wearables team, in a prepared statement. That pullback gave Xiaomi room "to throttle up on its inexpensive devices within the China market," he added, "and for Apple to leverage its position as the leading smartwatch provider worldwide." What Llamas can't answer is whether the two companies will maintain their frontrunner position. "With a user base of 50 million, a strong presence within corporate wellness and assets that keep it top of mind for digital health, Fitbit is well positioned to move into new segments and markets," he said. « previous 1 2 next » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Articles Most Emailed Articles Tips Toward a Safe and Positive Social Media Experience You've Been Hacked! Explaining Cybersecurity to Students in an Interconnected Era Microsoft Project Develops Physical Programming Language for Blind Students Discovery Education Adds 360-Degree Experiences to Streaming Plus, Techbook Solutions Report: Half of Rhode Island 1-to-1 Programs Can Remotely Access Students’ Devices Tips Toward a Safe and Positive Social Media Experience New Hampshire Pilot Eliminates Grades in K-8 Microsoft Project Develops Physical Programming Language for Blind Students Study Finds Digital Exam Features Impact Scores for Younger Students Picting, not Writing, is the Literacy of Today’s Youth Trending Flipped & Blended Learning STEM+Arts Grants & Funding Augmented and Virtual Reality THE Magazine Download the April/May 2017 digital edition of THE Journal Subscribe Now Issue Archive THE News Update Sign up for our newsletter. Email Address Select primary job function Click to Select One Suprntndnt/Asst Suprntndnt Info Technology Program/Curric Dir/Mgr Principal/Asst Principal Librarian/Media Specialist Tech Using Educator Consultant Other Select place of work Click to Select One District Office Elementary School Jr. High / Middle School High School Government Organization Other Organization I agree to this site's Privacy Policy. Sponsored Links Webcasts Driving Impact with Google in the Classroom: Chagrin Falls EVS Are you prepared for the latest cybersecurity challenges? Show Me the Money: Understanding Federal Funding Changes for K-12 Institutions All Webcasts Whitepapers Focus on the Future with Tools for Today's Learner Preparing students for their careers beyond their school years is the foundation of the educational mission. In a recent THE Journal webcast, Ron Cone, Executive Director of Information Technology for the Kennewick School District in Washington state explains how his district prepares students for beyond high school and college. Download this informative Digital Dialogue to learn how technology is helping foster innovative teaching and learning practices. Read more... All Whitepapers Site K12 News Opinion Magazine Newsletters Subscribe Resources RSS Feeds Events Webinars Help About Us Contact Us Advertise Press Releases Press Release Guidelines Media Kit Editorial Board Sitemap Licensing/Reprints List Rental Content - editorial@thejournal.com | Website - dnagel@1105media.com Subscriptions - THEJournal@1105service.com | Contact the webmaster: [+] Site Feedback [+] ©1994-2017 1105 Media Inc, Ed-Tech Group. See our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use 9201 Oakdale Ave., Suite 101, Chatsworth, CA 91311 Phone: (818) 814-5277 Fax: (818) 734-1522
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Offline to online Snap acquires Placed to better measure in-app ads to in-store sales Ad battle rages Google will start blocking 'annoying' ads on Chrome next year Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone Get the most important digital marketing news each day. What marketers need to know about the Apple WWDC announcements [Podcast] In this week's show, our crew explains what Apple said this week about ad targeting and autoplay blocking in Safari, the new HomePod device and more. Matt McGee on June 7, 2017 at 4:06 pm More Browsers have become a battleground for ads, and Apple announced its latest salvo this week at their annual WWDC (Worldwide Developers Conference): Safari will soon begin limiting third-party ad trackers from following users around the web. (Google made headlines recently with its announcement that “annoying” ads will be blocked in its Chrome browser.) Apple also shared plans to have Safari block autoplay videos by default — a move that could have significant impact on video ads. In this week’s episode of our Marketing Land Live podcast, we discuss the Safari announcements and explain how they could impact the digital advertising landscape. We also talk about Apple’s announcement of HomePod, its new, in-home speaker/assistant that will compete with Amazon Echo and Google Home — even though Apple seemed to purposely downplay that competition. This week’s show runs 35 minutes. You can listen here or use the link below to subscribe via your favorite podcast service. We invite you to subscribe via iTunes or Google Play Podcasts. Show notes WWDC: Safari will block third-party ad trackers from following users around the web How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most Google confirms it will start blocking ‘annoying’ ads on Chrome next year Apple introduces HomePod: A premium speaker with Siri Thanks for listening! We’ll be back soon with another episode of Marketing Land Live. About The Author Matt McGee Matt McGee is the Editor-In-Chief of Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. His news career includes time spent in TV, radio, and print journalism. After leaving traditional media in the mid-1990s, he began developing and marketing websites and continued to provide consulting services for more than 15 years. His SEO and social media clients ranged from mom-and-pop small businesses to one of the Top 5 online retailers. Matt is a longtime speaker at marketing events around the U.S., including keynote and panelist roles. He can be found on Twitter at @MattMcGee. You can read Matt's disclosures on his personal blog. You can reach Matt via email using our Contact page. Popular Stories Facebook adds templates for Canvas ads, extends iAd-like format to Collections How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most The 5 best digital marketing courses for the modern-day marketer Instagram’s direct-response Story ads are available for self-serve buys Related Topics AppleApple: SafariChannel: CMO ZoneDisplay AdvertisingDisplay Advertising: Ad BlockingMarketing Land Live Podcast Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Argus Sees Apple Rising Another 15% By Chris Lange June 7, 2017 12:55 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) recently used its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) as a forum to announce a few new developments within the company. Specifically the iPhone giant announced new features for its existing products, a set of tools for augmented reality software developers and a new home digital assistant. A few of the Apple bulls would argue that these new offerings play to the strengths of Apple’s enormous and unmatched installed base, while bears argue that Apple lacks visionary products and is reduced to playing catch-up. As a result, Argus weighed in on Apple and raised its targets on the stock. Apple was reiterated as a Buy and the price target was raised to $175 from $160 (versus a $154.45 prior closing price). Argus contends that there are some elements of truth to both the bullish and bearish views. The key point is that the enhancements and products announced will work to keep the installed base enormous, which may become increasingly difficult as new technologies such as artificial intelligence threaten Apple’s device leadership. As opposed to take on Amazon’s digital home assistant leader Echo (powered by Alexa) or second player Google Home, Apple’s HomePod appears to be seeking a “tweener” category between those devices and the high-quality speaker category associated with Sonos. Apple will reportedly launch a new iPhone cycle later this fall, rather than upgrade iPhone 7. The enormous installed base of iPhones, which has doubled, supports the fast-growing services business, which exceeds $7 billion in annualized revenue. In April, Apple focused on return to shareholders by raising its capital program by $50 billion, within plans to return $300 billion to shareholders through early 2019, and raising the dividend 10.5%. Argus detailed in its report: Apple does not present at trade shows; and new product announcements, such as an iPhone new model launch, can occur at irregular dates. The Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) therefore draws a heavy amount of attention, from technophiles and investors, as the rare predictable event at which displays its wares. Moreover, and the title notwithstanding, the show is about more than the latest software development kits (SDKs) that programmers use as building blocks to develop apps on the site. Apple uses the global focus created by WWDC to showcase new products, including new hardware as well as software and hardware upgrades to its computers, tablets and phones. Shares of Apple were trading at $155.04 on Wednesday, with a consensus analyst price target of $155.84 and a 52-week range of $91.50 to $156.65. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Plenty of Jobs for Teens, Like Wrangling an Alpaca, If They Want Them, Report Finds Novavax Rises Following Successful Mid-Stage Vaccine Trial » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, iPhone, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Most Dangerous Cars in America States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty Recent Pandora Merger/Investment Migrating to Directionless Will Nordstrom Take Itself Private? Homeowner Equity Climbs 11.2% in Q1 Gas Price Slips Below $2 in Some Cities as Others Fall Closer Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Stocks to Buy With Dividends Yielding 3% or More Snap User Growth Expected to Continue Lagging 3 Top Dividend Stocks in Lumber Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 Not Too Worried to Rise Do Options Traders Know Something About Emerge Energy (EMES) Stock We Don't? Why Aqua Metals (AQMS) Could Be Positioned for a Slump Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised Nordstrom shares spike as family explores deal to take retailer private Claims for US jobless benefits fall by 10,000 to 245,000 Boeing Is Working On Self-Flying Plane Technology, And Our Hands Are Already Sweaty Interior Secretary Takes Aim At Obama-Era Sage Grouse Protections Trump's Proposed Cuts To Foreign Food Aid Are Proving Unpopular Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Stuff to know about all the Macs Apple updated this week Graphics docs, upgradeable RAM in the iMacs, a keyboard tweak, and more. Andrew Cunningham - Jun 7, 2017 8:18 pm UTC Enlarge / A MacBook Pro connected to one of Apple's external graphics devkits. Andrew Cunningham reader comments 91 Share this story I’ve had a new 15-inch MacBook Pro for about a day, and a 27-inch iMac is en route to my house as we speak. As such, I’m not currently in a position to post a “review” of either system. But I can tell you at least a few things about the surprisingly comprehensive Mac refresh that Apple dropped on us this week at this year's WorldWide Developers Conference. What follows is a list of collected minutiae about the half-dozen different Macs I got to handle at the conference. This list is gleaned from conversations with Apple as well as my own observations in the limited amount of time I’ve had to study the devices. Based on the questions I've gotten about the Macs so far, this should hopefully satisfy your curiosity while I crank away on more comprehensive reviews. The MacBook Air The MacBook Air is still around and Apple didn't not update it on Monday, though you could be forgiven for missing the single sentence it merited during the keynote. The only difference? The previous Broadwell-based 1.6GHz (2.7GHz Turbo) Core i5-5250U processor has been swapped for a 1.8GHz (2.9GHz Turbo) Core i5-5350U, an across-the-board clock speed increase of 200MHz (the upgrade option remains a 2.2GHz/3.1GHz Core i7-5650U). The architecture hasn’t changed and neither has anything else about the Air. Much as I'd like Apple to introduce an actually modern laptop at that $999 price, I suppose this is better than nothing. The MacBook Pro 2017 keyboard. Andrew Cunningham 2016 keyboard. Andrew Cunningham The Pro just got refreshed in October before Kaby Lake CPUs were available, so really very little has changed other than those chips. Kaby Lake’s speed is mostly identical to Skylake’s at the same clock speed, but the Kaby CPUs in the 2017 Pros are 200 or 300MHz faster than the Skylake chips across the board. Otherwise, most things are the same, including the displays and the size of the batteries. The keyboard feels the same, but there’s a minor visual difference: the Control and Option keys now include little symbols, not unlike the one that already exists on the Command key (the symbol on the option key also replaces the “alt” text). Those symbols correspond to the glyphs you’ll find listed as keyboard shortcuts in menus throughout macOS. Power users won’t need this, but as someone who came to the Mac a bit later and doesn’t have the Macintosh Classic keyboard layout burned into his brain, I appreciate it. (The MacBook and iMac keyboards get this change, too; I can’t confirm whether the Air does one way or the other, but I would assume not.) The $1,299 version of the 13-inch MacBook Pro is a decent value and makes the machine easier to recommend in lieu of a MacBook Air, but Apple has saved that $200 by cutting the SSD’s capacity from 256GB to 128GB. Some users will be able to live with this change; others won’t. If you can’t, the $1,499 configuration still includes the 256GB SSD. Both configurations offer options for 16GB of RAM and a faster Core i7 CPU. This $1,299 config also totally replaces the old 2015-era 13-inch Pro that Apple offered at this price point, dumping one more aging system from Apple’s lineup. Finally, let’s talk about the dedicated GPUs in the 15-inch Pro. You may have noticed that these ship with Radeon Pro 500-series GPUs instead of the Radeon Pro 400-series GPUs in the 2016 Pros, but don’t be fooled—these are the same GPUs you got in October, rebadged by AMD. Based on the number of shaders and the amount of RAM, the Radeon Pro 555 is identical to the previous 455, and the 560 is identical to the previous 460. The GPUs don’t change, but the default configurations do. The 455/555 is now the entry-level option in the $2,399 base model, replacing the significantly weaker Radeon Pro 450. The 460/560, previously available only as an upgrade for both configurations, is still a $100 upgrade for the $2,399 Pro, but now it’s the default option in the $2,799 Pro, replacing the 455/555. The maximum performance level will remain the same, but you get a little more GPU for your money. Those external graphics docks Aside from the refreshes, the most interesting announcement in the keynote for MacBook Pro owners is that Apple is going to begin officially supporting Thunderbolt 3 graphics docks in macOS. This comes after many years of stop-and-start, neither-explicitly-encouraged-nor-discouraged efforts by third parties to use the Thunderbolt interface for that purpose. True to form, Apple didn’t want to dive too deeply into the details for support that's still in beta (the docks need High Sierra to work). But here are the few facts we can tell you at the moment: The developer kit—which gives you a Sonnet external GPU box, an AMD Radeon RX 580 GPU, a Belkin USB-C to USB-A hub, and $100 off an HTC Vive—runs $599 and is available for purchase now, at least if you’re a registered developer with an active account. There’s nothing special about this box. Since all Thunderbolt 3 hardware are required to be certified for use with the interface anyway, pretty much any graphics dock that passes Thunderbolt 3 certification should work fine with High Sierra. GPU support is up in the air; it’s not clear whether macOS will effectively support “generic” GPUs as Windows does or if people will need to use specific Apple-blessed cards (as was often the case back in the days of the Mac Pro). Also unclear is whether the dock will allow for the use of Nvidia GPUs. The 2013 Macs were the last to include any Nvidia GPUs after years of hopping back and forth every year or two. This is a point of frustration for anyone who wants to run CUDA workloads or who just prefers Nvidia GPUs. Nvidia’s generic drivers can already enable its GPUs in Thunderbolt 3 docks on Macs, but obviously first-class official support would be preferable. We’ll be able to get more details on this as High Sierra develops and gets closer to shipping. Page: 1 2 Next → Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 91 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Most Popular Playing Now Santander rescues Banco Popular from collapse - 01:31 Global airlines warn against protectionism - 01:41 UAE threatens Qatar sympathizers with jail - 01:39 Attack on Iran's parliament claimed by Islamic State - 00:50 Security dominates election campaign as UK gets set to vote - 01:49 Oil slides on rising stockpiles - 01:08 Forty years of China's grueling college exam - 02:05 For some Californians, it's bring your dog to work day every day - 01:39 Goldman tops list in deposit rates - 01:25 I will make a success of Brexit - Theresa May - 01:20 Trump to nominate Christopher Wray as FBI director - 00:58 Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier Wednesday, June 07, 2017 - 01:13 Apple will put its proprietary machines for mending cracked iPhone glass in about 400 authorized third-party repair centers in 25 countries. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Apple is in a mood to share. It's installing its super-secret Horizon Machines for fixing cracked iPhone screens in about 400 authorized third-party repair centers in 25 countries. The company will roll them all out by the end of the year. The first batch will go to electronics retailer Best Buy. Stephen Nellis covers the story for Reuters. (SOUNDBITE) STEPHEN NELLIS, REUTERS TECHNOLOGY CORRESPONDENT (ENGLISH) SAYING: "I think it's a major move for them. So, they have kept this capability limited to their stores for security reasons and other reasons for the longest time. But that's made it really hard to get your phone fixed by Apple rather than taking it to a third-party shop. So, this is a big move to expand that capability." Apple protested the "right to repair" bill from several U.S. states that would force it and other manufacturers to open their tightly controlled repair networks. But it said the legislation was not a factor in its decision to share its technology with its authorized repair centers. The global cell phone repair business generates about $4 billion in revenue a year, according to a research firm IBISWorld. Analysts estimate Apple makes as much as $2 billion annually in repair revenue for all products. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2r73PVK <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371830071" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier Wednesday, June 07, 2017 - 01:13 Top News » Iran bats away Trump's 'repugnant' condolences 4:56pm IST - (1:43) Comey says Trump asked him to drop part of... 3:31am IST - (2:21) Tax loophole saves Uber millions in UK taxes Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:38) New French task force emerges after Notre Dame... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:57) Breakingviews TV: Facebook has the votes Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (4:10) What are the key issues in the UK general... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:52) London death toll rises as attackers' lives... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:06) Islamic State claims Tehran attack Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:01) Divided Britain: Brexit art show opens in time... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:15) 'I wish him luck': Trump on Comey's testimony Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:25) Police stop man wielding hammer outside Paris'... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) Breakingviews TV: GM runs over Einhorn Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (3:32) Business » Wall Street gains on Comey relief 1:57am IST - (1:06) Qatar row leaves businesses uncertain about... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:39) UK election: markets bet on May to carry the... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:53) Australia equals world record for economic... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:46) Navistar swings to a loss Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:03) Breakingviews TV: Facebook has the votes Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (4:10) Global economy: 'better, but not good enough' Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:49) Sugar producers bitter over U.S.-Mexico trade... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:01) U.S., Mexico reach sugar deal Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:27) Wall Street slips with eyes on Comey Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:19) Apple is the greatest marketing machine, says... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (2:49) U.S. markets due for pullback, says Peter... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (4:27) Rough Cuts » Cosby accuser, attending the trial, describes... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:45) Salma Hayek strips down for her new role 1:30am IST - (2:34) Trump pushes infrastructure plan as Russia... 12:08am IST - (0:57) Japan's aquarium boasts largest collection of... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:11) U.S. intel chiefs arrive for hearing on Russia... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:20) Ryan says Trump never asked him for help amid... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:45) Top intel chiefs refuse to comment on Trump... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:25) Trump administration wants to make internet... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:03) Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump-Russia... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:35) Cosby arrives for day three of his trial Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:20) More public hearings planned in Russia probe Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:32) Prince Harry tours Sydney to promote 2018... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:14) Technology » Colouring book comes to life as AR gets... 3:41pm IST - (1:56) Interactive instrument uses music for child... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:57) Brooklyn farming startup aims to feed an urban... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:59) Artificial 'blowhole' turning tide on wave... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:38) Turning car windows into video displays Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:22) Apple gets serious about Siri Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (2:10) Apple gets serious about Siri Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (2:16) FUTUREPROOF Episode Three, Part One Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (10:12) FUTUREPROOF Episode Three, Part Two Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (7:07) FUTUREPROOF Episode Three, Part Three Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (8:44) 'Last African dinosaur' discovered in Moroccan... Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (1:37) 'Mom and pop' investors drive Bitcoin surge in... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:10) Oddly Enough » Japan's aquarium boasts largest collection of... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:11) Mexican bartenders eye world record with... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:17) Madrid gears up for WorldPride with gay-themed... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:20) New York City convenience store bemuses... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:35) Piano players play Bach prelude on 60 pianos Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:26) From fear of water to gold, Bosnian armless... Wed, 31 May, 2017 - (1:25) A startup that's turning bread into beer Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:36) Lima celebrates Peruvian Clown Day Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:34) Stone-lifting strongmen compete in Bavaria Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:12) Pastry chef paints cookies in Trump's likeness Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (2:04) Hopes rise for safe birth by Japan's probably... Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (0:52) New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Entertainment » Rachel Weisz premieres "My Cousin Rachel" 7:25am IST - (1:40) The cast and crew of 'Stranger Things' talk... 2:42am IST - (2:20) Salma Hayek strips down for her new role 1:30am IST - (2:34) Prince Harry tours Sydney to promote 2018... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:14) Tom Cruise mingles with fans at the New York... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:39) George Clooney and lawyer wife Amal welcome... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:53) Divided Britain: Brexit art show opens in time... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:15) Hollywood legend Sam Elliott attends 'The... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:24) Jerry Lewis hospitalised in Las Vegas with... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) Street artist Banksy's election offer... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:30) Stars of fashion and film attend annual CFDA... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:25) Cosby arrives for day two of sex assault trial Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (0:57) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple New leak gives us a better look at the iPhone 8’s awesome redesign Yoni Heisler BGR News June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple may have done a decent job of keeping WWDC and iOS 11 rumors to a minimum, but it’s having a much tougher time keeping iPhone 8 leaks at bay. In fact, it seems as if we can’t even go a full 2-3 days without stumbling across a brand new iPhone 8 leak. Just this past weekend, a Foxconn insider divulged a boatload of information about upcoming Apple products, including the highly anticipated iPhone 8. In case you missed it, the leak revealed that the iPhone 8 will come with wireless charging, 3GB of RAM, fast-charging functionality, and last but not least, a Touch ID sensor on the front side of the device. Not too worry, those leaked schematics which showcase an iPhone design with a Touch ID sensor on the back will not be hitting store shelves this Fall. Don't Miss: New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project The latest iPhone 8 leak centers on a new dummy model of the device that recently surfaced at Computex 2017 in Tapei. The leak seemingly corroborates a number of previous reports involving the iPhone 8, namely that the majority of the front-facing display will consist of one giant piece of glass. The only area that won’t be composed of a display will feature the earpiece and a number of front-facing cameras designed for facial recognition purposes. And while we’ve seen mockups before, the dummy images below give us an even crisper look at what the final iPhone 8 design is going to look like. According to Engadget, the dummy models pictured below are based off of information a case maker “independently obtained” about the final iPhone 8 design. Read More It’s worth noting that the design above mirrors what the aforementioned Foxconn leaker claims the iPhone 8 will look like. Although nothing is ever guaranteed until Tim Cook trots out on stage and announces a new product, it appears that the iPhone 8 is largely shaping up to be the radical redesign of the iPhone form factor we’ve all been patiently waiting for. Aside from a brand new form factor and the features mentioned above, the iPhone 8 will reportedly also feature improved water resistance, improved battery life, and support for advanced augmented reality functionality. Trending right now: iOS 11 beta 1 is now available to download iOS 11 beta 1 will be available to download today The 11 most exciting new features coming to the iPhone and iPad in iOS 11 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Watch live streaming video of James Comey’s testimony before Congress right here BGR News All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech The big issues we want Apple to address in macOS High Sierra Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year 1 hour ago Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals 1 hour ago Android 7.0 Nougat is now rolling out to the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge on T-Mobile 1 hour ago An AI got average marks for a university entrance exam, as it struggled with language 2 hours ago View all recent news Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year 1 hour ago Microsoft Rewards reportedly coming to France on June 12 8 hours ago Xbox Insider Preview build 15063.4054 is now available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new 10 hours ago Latest Outlook for Mac preview heads to the Fast ring, with a "highly requested" new feature 16 hours ago View all Microsoft news New Office Insider Preview for Android adds comments, a numeric keypad, and more 17 hours ago A Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ could be coming to the United States 20 hours ago Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 OnePlus 5 revealed in leaked image, confirming dual rear cameras Jun 6, 2017 View all Google news T-Mobile will offer Apple's latest iPad Pro starting next week 8 hours ago Behold! The Horizon Machine - what Apple uses to repair our cracked iPhone screens 19 hours ago Apple formally announces tvOS 11 19 hours ago A sting operation by the ACCC led to the lawsuit against Apple over "Error 53" Jun 7, 2017 View all Apple news Everything 1.4.1.877 18 hours ago Sandboxie 5.20 20 hours ago Tor Browser 7.0 21 hours ago CintaNotes 3.8 23 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes Jun 4, 2017 Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 Kodi just took a "big step" toward its return to Xbox as a UWP app Jun 6, 2017 New firmware is rolling out to the Surface Pro 3 - here's what's new Jun 7, 2017 The OnePlus 5 might come priced at €550 8 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals 1 hour ago Get this Full Stack JavaScript Bundle for just $38 via Neowin Deals Jun 7, 2017 Get The Software QA & Testing Bundle: Lifetime Subscription for just $29 via Neowin Deals Jun 6, 2017 Get NetSpot Home for Windows, or for Mac: Lifetime License for just $19 (72% off) Jun 5, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ A sting operation by the ACCC led to the lawsuit against Apple over "Error 53" By Gurkaran Singh Neowin LLC @karansingh990 · Jun 7, 2017 with 2 comments Apple seems to be in hot water again with the authorities. The tech giant has been a force to reckon with in the mobile space; however, the company is not immune to consequences as the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) has shown. Last month, the consumer watchdog had filed a high-profile lawsuit against the Cupertino company. Now, court documents retrieved by a publication has revealed that a sting operation concerning Apple retailers in Australia is the reason behind the action. The commission carried out a sting operation on the company wherein investigators, posing as customers, called at the 13 Apple retailers across Australia in June last year. The basis for the operation was the infamous "Error 53" incident. Error 53, for the uninitiated, was a message displayed on iPhones and iPads updated with the then-released iOS 9.0 update. The OS detected whether the phone's Touch ID had been repaired by a third-party, in which case the device would be rendered useless. The committee claims: “In each call, Apple Australia represented to the ACCC caller that no Apple entity ... was required to, or would, remedy the defective speaker at no cost under the [Australian consumer law] if the screen of the iPhone had been replaced by someone other than Apple Australia or an Apple-authorised service provider,” Apple, on its part, refuted the claims and termed the operation a “hypothetical circumstance”. Interestingly, the ACCC has also accused the company of misleading its customers about their rights. The US Apple website told users that if their "screen or any other part of their device was replaced somewhere else, [they must] contact Apple Support about pricing information for out-of-warranty repairs." The case is set to go to trial in December this year. Source: The Guardian Tags Apple Iphone Error 53 Ios 9 Lawsuit Accc Australian competition and con Australia Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story NOMU to launch rugged S30 mini later this month Next Story OnePlus 3 and 3T get new OxygenOS update based on Android 7.1.1 Nougat Community Activity Refresh Microsoft says Office for Mac 2011 will not be supported on macOS 10.13 High Sierra in Front Page News DirecTV Now to work "exclusively on Chrome" from July, as support ends for other browsers in Front Page News OneLogin: Breach Exposed Ability to Decrypt Data in Back Page News Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P in Front Page News Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year in Front Page News Apple "turns it up to 11" with iOS 11, bringing big improvements to iPhone and iPad in Front Page News Android 7.0 Nougat is now rolling out to the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge on T-Mobile in Front Page News Optimal 120mm fan setup in case for HDD cooling etc? in Hardware Hangout Advertisement Trending Stories Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 with 28 comments Kodi just took a "big step" toward its return to Xbox as a UWP app Jun 6, 2017 with 13 comments New firmware is rolling out to the Surface Pro 3 - here's what's new Jun 7, 2017 with 3 comments The OnePlus 5 might come priced at €550 8 hours ago with 4 comments Related Stories iTunes 12.6.1 May 16, 2017 Apple Q2 2017: iPhone sales fell slightly, iPad sales fell further, but profits were up May 2, 2017 A new alleged schematic shows off Apple's next iPhone with rear fingerprint reader Apr 21, 2017 · Hot! Apple sued by ACCC for alleged misrepresentations over consumer rights and repairs Apr 6, 2017 Show Comments 2 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off The Ultimate Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,186.00 $49.00 96% off Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.99 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $89.00 85% off Linux Essentials Bundle $225.00 $39.00 83% off REVIEW The LG G6 is a solid, stylish phone that checks the right boxes lg review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible Windows 10's adaptive CShell UI revealed in images and video cshell Seven months after its release, Android 7.1 Nougat is on just 0.6% of devices android Skype shuts down on Windows Phone, RT, and Windows 10 Mobile Messaging app on July 1 skype expected in august Android O likely to be the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P android o Microsoft rolls out new firmware update for Surface Pro 3 surface pro 3 VIDEO Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing lenovo A sneak peek at Apple's monstrous new iMac Pro imac pro Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 40 mins S&P 500 2,432.13 -1.01 (-0.04%) Dow 30 21,193.42 +19.73 (+0.09%) Nasdaq 6,292.09 -5.29 (-0.08%) Apple is making the iPad into a lackluster MacBook Ben Gilbert Business Insider June 7, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The MacBook Air is one of the — if not the — best laptops ever made. It's light, it's powerful, and it feels as though it were carved out of a block of metal. And yet, despite its excellence, Apple is seemingly in the process of replacing it. View photos iPad ProMore (Apple) Instead of updating the MacBook Air, which Apple is doing in the short term, Apple is showing that its long-term plan is just under the surface: slowly phase out the MacBook Air in favor of the iPad Pro. Look no further than Apple's most recent press conference — Monday's keynote at its Worldwide Developers Conference — for evidence. View photos Apple WWDC 2017 iPadMore (Apple introduced multiselect for the iPad Pro, coming in the next version of iOS.Apple) A section of the two-hour presentation was dedicated to how Apple is turning the iPad Pro into a laptop. Do any of these features sound familiar to you? Using multiple apps at once. Having a dock along the bottom of the screen to easily choose among apps you're using. Browsing files. Selecting multiple items at once and moving them from app to app. If an alarm is going off in your head and you're thinking, "This sounds an awful lot like the stuff I do on a computer," you're dead on. The crux of Apple Senior Vice President Craig Federighi's presentation on Monday was that Apple is using the next version of iOS to turn the iPad Pro into something very similar to a laptop. View photos iPad ProMore (The new app-switcher function coming to the iPad Pro enables you to easily see all the software you're using at once.Apple) First, Federighi introduced "multiselect," the ability to run multiple pieces of software at once on the same screen. Then he introduced multitasking through the new app-switcher. Then, unbelievably, he introduced the concept of drag and drop. Here's Federighi: "The iPad, of course, is the ultimate multihanded, multitouch device. And so we're so excited to bring drag and drop to iPad. You can drag images; you can drag text; you can drag URLs. You can multiselect and multihand drag. It's a drag fest." You might be thinking, "Hey, that sounds like something I've been doing on computers literally my whole life." And once again, you'd be right. Each of these concepts is foreign to the iPad line of devices — intentionally. The iPad isn't a laptop; it's a tablet. It's intended to be used as a touch device. Maybe you use yours to read or watch Netflix or look through photos of friends and family. Great! That's what tablets were intended to do. View photos Tim Cook iPadMore (Getty) In the case of the iPad, though, Apple is turning its tablet into a laptop. Worse, Apple is turning its tablet into a laptop that isn't as good as the ones it already makes. Instead of a real keyboard, you can use the keyboard attachment for the iPad Pro that isn't as good (or cheap) as a real keyboard. Instead of using a mouse for precision control, you put your hand directly on the screen, which can get tiring after a while if you're doing work. Instead of having USB ports, you use a Lightning port dongle to attach anything external, like, say, a flash drive. Each of the new features Federighi introduced, coming later this year in iOS 11, is common in the world of laptops and desktops, but not quite as good. Read More View photos iPad ProMore (Finally, a way to explore files on a computer!Apple) The image above is Federighi introducing a new app called Files. It lets you browse the files on your iPad. "Files brings together all the files on your iPad. It supports everything you'd expect: nested folders, spring loading, list view, favorites, search, tags," Federighi said, walking through a list of things that all computers have been able to do since the early 1990s. This stuff may be "revolutionary" on an iPad, but it's common on every computer that exists today. Heck, it's common on every computer in the past 20 years. Apple may think tablets are the future of laptops, and they may indeed be the future of laptops, but the vision shown so far feels like a step backward. View photos Apple WWDC 2017 iPadMore (Apple) If Apple kills the MacBook Air, this is the next-best affordable option — and it's a bad one. A lot of people will choose the iPad in that scenario, no doubt, but owning an expensive tablet-laptop hybrid like the iPad Pro just isn't as good as having an affordable laptop option like the MacBook Air. NOW WATCH: Apple is releasing the first ever iMac Pro — here’s everything you need to know More From Business Insider Apple announced the future this week, and you probably didn't even notice Apple has updated the MacBook Air, but you still shouldn't buy it Apple quietly added a feature everyone wanted to iOS 11, catching up to Android in a big way Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about The Verge There’s good and bad news about one of Apple’s most exciting MacBook announcements BGR News What Apple's next iPhone could mean for Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile The Street LeBron James made the Cavs watch an inspirational Steve Jobs speech before their epic comeback in the 2016 NBA Finals Business Insider The iPad is about to become a multitasking powerhouse CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider This is why intel leaders wouldn't talk to the Senate today CNBC What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider In defense of Trump tweeting (but not what he tweets) Steve: Twitter and most social media is an insight into how ugly, gullible and genuinely uneducated the majority of people can be while at the same time dividing entire communities and destroying civility. There was a time when people actually talked to one another and genuinely communicated. Now they just shoot rude tweets at each other or bicker endlessly about trivial nonsense on one another's walls. It's so sad to see the great potential of this media ruined by small minded pettiness and an unwillingness to defy the heard mentality, be objective, and above all else set aside ego in place of humility. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 521
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s new in iOS 11? Hands-on with 100+ features and changes [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: What does the iMac Pro tell us about the all new Mac Pro to follow? Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: Apple announces iOS 11, macOS 10.13, HomePods, new iPad Pro and more Trending in Apple How & when to watch Apple’s WWDC keynote presentation live today Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.37 0.92 Hands-on: macOS High Sierra’s native eGPU support shows promise [Video] Jeff Benjamin - Jun. 7th 2017 11:43 am PT @JeffBenjam eGPU macOS macOS 10.13 High Sierra View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit One of the more exciting macOS-centric features announced at Monday’s WWDC 2017 keynote was native support for external GPUs within macOS High Sierra. As a big fan of the eGPU concept, and as someone who’s taken quite a few eGPU boxes for a spin on older versions of macOS, I was excited to try out the native functionality baked inside of High Sierra. The best wireless keyboard for the Mac? Although you could get eGPUs working in previous versions of macOS, doing so wasn’t officially supported by Apple. For starters, eGPUs themselves weren’t supported in older versions of macOS, so hacks were required to get them working. A second hoop to jump through, the lack of native support for the latest AMD GPUs was yet another obstacle. Although many users, including myself, were able to successfully traverse these blocks and get eGPUs working on lesser versions of macOS, things are now much easier thanks to Apple’s recognition that people desire the extra power afforded by big hulking external graphics units. I don’t own Apple’s just-launched External Graphics Development Kit, but I do have an Akitio Node eGPU and an AMD Radeon RX 580. The Node features a compatible Thunderbolt 3 chipset, so it works out of the box with macOS High Sierra. The RX 580, which is an 8GB ASUS Strix model, works too. Keep in mind that macOS High Sierra is still in its initial beta, so the experience was far from perfect, as I noted several times in the video. There’s also no internal MacBook screen acceleration, and there’s no indication as to whether that will be supported in future builds. With that being said, it’s extremely exciting to see native eGPU support in macOS, and this makes the future look very bright for Mac users who require the on-demand power than external GPUs can provide. Video walkthrough As noted in the WWDC keynote, Apple is selling a special Metal 2 External Graphics Development Kit to developers. The reasonably-priced $599 kit includes an AMD Radeon RX 580 8GB graphics card bundled inside of a Sonnet external GPU chassis with Thunderbolt 3 and 350W PSU. The kit also includes a Belkin USB-C to 4-port USB-A hub, and promo code for $100 towards buying an HTC Vive VR headset. Considering the individual prices of all of the gear included in the kit, $599 is not a bad deal, especially when you consider the current scarcity and prices of AMD cards at the moment. Of course, you should also be able to pair an Nvidia GPU with an eGPU box now that Apple supports external graphics, and Nvidia’s Pascal architecture supports macOS. Who ever though we’d be able to make those two statements back to back? The eGPU unit included with Apple’s dev kit is Sonnet’s eGFX Breakaway Box 350, which includes one 8-pin and one 6-pin auxiliary power connector, and can power cards requiring up to 300W of power. The unit also provides 15W of upstream power, though that’s not enough to power a connected MacBook Pro. Sonnet also has a more powerful version of its eGPU box, the eGFX Breakaway Box 550. This unit includes dual 8-pin auxiliary power connectors, and supports cards requiring 375W+ of power. MacBook Pro users will be particularly interested in the unit’s ability to recharge a 15-inch MacBook Pro at full speed, thanks to the 87W of upstream power provided. Of note is the reported quietness of the unit. Sonnet claims that the Breakaway Box is the quietest eGFX box on the market and works with any Thunderbolt 3-compatible PCIe card regardless of length. The fine folks over at eGPU.io corroborate these claims in an earlier hands-on review of the unit. If you’re not a registered Apple developer, you’ll be happy to know that the Sonnet eGFX Breakaway Box 350 will become available in early July with a MSRP of $299. The larger 550 box will be available in the third quarter of 2017 for a MSRP of $349. Personally speaking, I think it may be worth waiting for Sonnet’s offerings given the quietness claims. Some eGPUs units, including my beloved Akitio Node, are a little on the loud side when it comes to fan noise. That said, you don’t necessarily have to opt for Sonnet’s gear in order to take advantage of the new native eGPU support in High Sierra. As I demonstrated in my hands-on video walkthrough above, High Sierra should support other eGPU units with compatible Thunderbolt 3 chipsets, such as the Akitio Node. Would you consider using an eGPU with your Thunderbolt 3-enabled MacBook Pro or iMac now that it’s officially supported in macOS High Sierra? Jeff Benjamin @JeffBenjam Jeff leads 9to5Mac’s YouTube channel — editing and producing tech videos, walkthroughs, how-tos, written tutorials and reviews. He takes pride in being able to explain things in a simple, clear and concise manner. Favorite Gear 2016 MacBook Pro Final Cut Pro X Panasonic GH5 Guides eGPU An eGPU is primarily designed to allow smaller notebook computers to benefit from the power of a full-sized graphics card via a high speed bandwidth connection. View THe Guide macOS View THe Guide macOS 10.13 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Calendar SF Bay Area Events Promotion Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv Apple’s new software is a game changer for augmented reality, experts say – CNBC Posted on Jun 7 2017 - 7:10am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as GDC 22 Related The Top 15 Moments That Defined E3 – Den of Geek US CNBC One chief executive calls it a “game-changer.” Apple unveiled its new operating system for its iPhone and iPad products, the iOS 11, at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday. The system also introduces ARKit, a new framework for … Tech Trends: Apple’s Worldwide Developers ConferenceKRON4.com WWDC 2017: Apple’s new HomePod speaker takes on Amazon and GoogleiNews Apple’s new HomePod is a speaker with quality sound rivalling the bestNEWS.com.au NBC Bay Area –Las Vegas Review-Journal –Apple Newsroom –Apple all 1,248 news articles …read more Source:: Game Developers Conference News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Las Vegas Stadium Authority June 8th - Oakland Raiders & UNLV NFL Sublease On Agenda NBA Finals | Warriors 118 Cavs 113 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 Talk Oakland Raiders NFL News | NBA Finals Warriors Stun Cavs Win 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 118 - 113 After NBA Finals Game 3 Zennie62 Live On YouTube #NBAFinals Steph Curry Steals Ball From LeBron James In NBA Finals Game 3 2017 James Comey | James Comey Statement For Senate Select Committee On Intelligence Pican Oakland Restaurant To Close After 8 Year Run In Uptown | Pican Oakland Marshawn Lynch To Oakland Raiders Because Of Las Vegas NFL Plans Eric Decker | Eric Decker WR NY Jets Released Today | Eric Decker George and Amal Clooney Welcome Twins as George Is Sedated Marshawn Lynch Run, Wonder Woman Is Oakland Raiders Fan - Tell Las Vegas Steve Sisolak http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Calendar SF Bay Area Events Promotion Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine a Little Less Secret – Gizmodo Posted on Jun 7 2017 - 11:11am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 24 Related Report Claims Xbox One Backward Compatibility Feature Is Barely Used: Is It True? – Tech Times Gizmodo Have you ever been to the back room of an Apple Store? That’s a trick question, because the back room at the Apple Store is a mythical place, filled with elves, warlocks, and a magical machine that fixes iPhone screens. At least, it was until this week. Apple will put its screen repair machines in 400 third-party service centers by end of 2017The Verge Is this a sign the all-glass iPhone 8 will break easily?BGR First look at Apple’s iPhone screen repair machine in action as it comes to Best Buy & other retailers [Gallery]9to5Mac Reuters –Engadget –PCMag –TIME all 37 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Las Vegas Stadium Authority June 8th - Oakland Raiders & UNLV NFL Sublease On Agenda NBA Finals | Warriors 118 Cavs 113 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 Talk Oakland Raiders NFL News | NBA Finals Warriors Stun Cavs Win 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 118 - 113 After NBA Finals Game 3 Zennie62 Live On YouTube #NBAFinals Steph Curry Steals Ball From LeBron James In NBA Finals Game 3 2017 James Comey | James Comey Statement For Senate Select Committee On Intelligence Pican Oakland Restaurant To Close After 8 Year Run In Uptown | Pican Oakland Marshawn Lynch To Oakland Raiders Because Of Las Vegas NFL Plans Eric Decker | Eric Decker WR NY Jets Released Today | Eric Decker George and Amal Clooney Welcome Twins as George Is Sedated Marshawn Lynch Run, Wonder Woman Is Oakland Raiders Fan - Tell Las Vegas Steve Sisolak http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Apple’s HomePod Looks a Lot Like This Startup’s Speaker Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Photos courtesy of Whyd, Apple June 7, 2017 | 12:25PM PT Comparisons to Amazon’s Echo abounded when Apple introduced its HomePod smart speaker on Monday. But some Twitter users were also reminded of another, lesser-known product: Whyd, a smart speaker made by a Paris-based startup that debuted last summer on Kickstarter. “Whyd the homepod look so familiar,” punned one user, with another agreeing that “the new HomePod looks an awful like a Whyd speaker.” @Apple Whyd the #homepod look so familiar? 🤔 @Whyd #wwdc2017 #WWDC17 #wwdc — tyleppek (@tyleppek) June 5, 2017 One user even suggested that Apple “ripped off” Whyd, while others apparently thought the Whyd team may have joined Apple. “After the Apple announcement, our team has been overwhelmed by customers and people pointing out similarities and asking us if Whyd had been bought by Apple and was behind the HomePod speaker,” Whyd co-founder Gilles Poupardin told Variety. “The answer is no.” Poupardin stopped short of accusing Apple of plagiarism, but agreed that there are some obvious similarities between the two products. Both feature microphones for voice input and added smarts, but set themselves apart from products like the Amazon Echo with a focus on sound quality. Both are cylinders with rounded ends, covered with a cloth mesh. Both use a circular touch surface on top that allows for pausing songs with a tap. The touch interface surface of both speakers. Above: Apple. Below: Whyd. Photos courtesy of Apple, Whyd. There are also some clear differences. Apple’s HomePod is less than seven inches tall, whereas Whyd’s speaker measures 11.5 inches. The startup’s speaker is also slightly more elliptical than Apple’s model, and its LEDs are hidden behind the cloth mesh, whereas Apple has integrated them in the touch surface of the its speaker. Still, if one would place all existing smart and Wi-Fi-connected speakers in a row, including models from Amazon, Google, Sonos, Polk, and Bang & Olufsen, Apple’s and Whyd’s devices would clearly stand out as having the most closely aligned design. So what is Whyd going to do about it? Nothing, said Poupardin. “We welcome Apple and the HomePod.” And instead of trying to fight a goliath, Whyd wants to spend its energy on its own products. “We’re building an amazing community of music lovers and we’re staying focused on building beautiful, high-quality, and simple products for them,” he said. Apple didn’t respond to a request for comment. Filed Under: Apple HomePod Whyd Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Film Film Review: Tom Cruise in ‘The Mummy’ Reboot Film Actors on Actors: Oprah on Her Breakout ‘Color Purple’ Role TV Kevin Hart Weighs in on Griffin, Maher Controversies Film Largest Private ‘Star Wars’ Collection Robbed How Will Emmy Voters React to Bill Maher’s Racial Slur Gaffe? Whoopi Goldberg, Morgan Spurlock, Jason Blum Among Academy Candidates for Board of Governors Election Emmy Contenders: Time to Shake Up Lead Actor Races Emmy Preview: Stephen Colbert Will Bring Political Heat to Hosting Gig Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content SPY Guide: 3 Unexpected Things to Do in Washington, D.C. Stephen Colbert Shares James Comey's Testimony About Donald… Kim Kardashian West Dresses Up Sweatpants With Yeezy Heels Emmys 2017: Outstanding Comedy Series — Our 7 Dream… Watch the James Comey Senate Testimony Live Right Here Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture The iMac Pro is not Apple’s replacement for the Mac Pro by Napier Lopez — in Apple 418 shares If you keep a close eye on Apple hardware, then you know the Mac Pro has long been in need of an upgrade. Then Apple announced the iMac Pro yesterday, a behemoth all-in-one starting at $4,999 and sporting intense workstation-class specs. Some people have taken this to mean that Apple had completely abandoned the Mac Pro, which hasn’t been redesigned since late 2013. That would be a problem, because powerful as the iMac Pro may be, it’s not expandable. What you buy is what you’re stuck with. This is a friendly remidner: The iMac Pro is not Apple’s replacement for the Mac Pro. A new, expandable, modular Mac Pro is officially slated to arrive sometime in the future. Of course, some of you already know that, but I thought it was worth reiterating given all the comments I’ve seen suggesting Apple has abandoned the Mac Pro permanently. Back in May, Apple held a small meetup with a handful of journalists to basically apologize for the Mac Pro’s close-off hardware, while giving it a small spec bump. Moreover, Apple reassured us that a redesigned Mac Pro was on the way – one with modular, expandable design, as well as a new Pro Display. The only caveat was that Apple said the device wouldn’t arrive until 2018 at the earliest. If you still have any doubts, Apple reiterated this commitment to the Mac Pro in a press release for its new all-in-one: In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display. Looking back on it, Apple’s I’m-sorry-about-the-Mac-Pro event makes total sense. If Apple hadn’t warned people they’re not getting a new Mac Pro this year, you can bet there would be a lot more uproar – among the press and customers alike – about how the iMac Pro is yet another Apple computer you can’t upgrade. People who need workstations tend to be people who upgrade components, after all. And truly,  I’m still not sure who the Mac Pro is aimed at, other than people who simply want the most powerful Mac money can buy. Thankfully, we know it’s a stop-gap until the real deal arrives next year. Let’s hope Apple delivers. Read next: Ethiopia shuts down internet to thwart exam cheaters AppleApple WWDC 2017GeariMac Share on Facebook (149) Share on Twitter (238) Napier Lopez is a reporter from New York City, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on napier@thenextweb.com or @napilopez on Twitter. Napier Lopez is a writer based in New York City. He's interested in all things tech, science, and photography related, and likes to yo-yo in his free time. Follow him on Twitter or his blog. Contact Mail Tweet Location New York City, US Posts 2165 Posts / mo. 45.71   All posts by Napier > The latest articles around Apple Apple vintage sneakers are selling on eBay at the 'humble' price of $15,000 Mix If you like Shark Tank, you'll probably enjoy Apple's Planet of the Apps Abhimanyu Ghoshal If WWDC proved anything, it's that Apple is listening Bryan Clark Here's some more distraction Craigslist ad for fake dads is the saddest thing we've seen today Carissa Lintao Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Alien mystery solved: It was just gas Tristan Greene Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Greene Comments Recommended Tech is distracting and addictive, but it doesn't have to be Már Másson Maack Most popular 1 Pokemon-loving developers are going to want this Poke-themed terminal Mix 2 Watch this cyborg dragonfly drone take flight Tristan Greene 3 WhatsApp adds photo filters and albums on iOS Napier Lopez 4 Get the training to become a certified Cisco network pro for just $39 TNW Deals 5 Millennials are killing chain restaurants thanks to Instagram Carissa Lintao Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company Picnic Think. Dare. Do. ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Latest 1 Roli's new Seaboard Block shows modular design can make beautiful music Napier Lopez 2 Stop growing your startup when your product still sucks Ali Mese 3 This is how much a Silk Road clone costs Matthew Hughes 4 7 essential apps to help you during Ramadan Sello Moloi 5 Build software like Lego with this smart new developer tool Matthew Hughes Upcoming Events Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
LG G6 review Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone Edition Samsung Galaxy Note 8 HTC U 11 Sony Xperia L1   2017 NEWS APPLE CANON FUJIFILM HTC HUAWEI LG MOTOROLA NIKON NINTENDO NOKIA OLYMPUS PANASONIC PENTAX SAMSUNG SONY              LetsGoDigital    New digital cameras    Digital camera specs    Smartphones    Smartwatches    Tablets    Smart TVs    Mobile phones    Android Auto    Virtual Reality    Discount deals    Sample picture gallery    Camera reviews    Smartphone reviews    Best cameras    Digital camera compare    Photo gallery contest    Banner Advertising       News 2017     Camera Reviews Mark Peters : June 7th 2017 - 16:57 CET Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals Apple iMac Pro for VR content and 3D rendering : Apple gave a sneak peek of iMac Pro, an new workstation-class computer line designed for pro users with the most demanding workflows. The new iMac Pro, with its large 27-inch Retina 5K display, up to 18-core Xeon processors and up to 22 Teraflops of graphics computation, is the most powerful Mac computer ever made in history. The new iMac Pro packs incredible performance for advanced graphics editing, virtual reality content creation and real-time 3D rendering. Apple iMac Pro is scheduled to ship in December starting at $4,999. In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display. New iMac Pro for professionals Featuring next-generation Intel Xeon processors up to 18 cores, iMac Pro is designed to handle the most demanding pro workflows. With an all-flash architecture and all-new thermal design, iMac Pro delivers up to 80% more cooling capacity in the same thin and seamless iMac design. And with a new space gray enclosure and gorgeous 27-inch Retina 5K display with support for 1 billion colors, iMac Pro is as stunning as it is powerful. Apple iMac Pro personal computer comes with the new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, the most advanced graphics ever in a Mac. The new iMac features the next-generation compute core and up to 16GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory. iMac Pro with the Vega GPU delivers up to an amazing 11 Teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and immersive, high frame rate VR. And for half-precision computation, ideal for machine learning, iMac Pro delivers up to an incredible 22 Teraflops of performance. Apple iMac Pro also supports up to 4TB of SSD and up to 128GB of ECC memory, and with four Thunderbolt 3 ports can connect to up to two high-performance RAID arrays and two 5K displays at the same time. For the first time ever on a Mac, iMac Pro features 10Gb Ethernet for up to 10 times faster networking. Apple iMac Pro pricing & availability The new iMac Pro is scheduled to ship in December 2107 starting at $4,999. Retail prices vary from country to country.    Next  Apple macOS High Sierra desktop operating system    Previous  New Apple App Store with 24 application categories    News by brand:Apple    News by category:Computer & Game console    News by brand and category:Apple Computer & Game console Latest Apple announcements Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Apple iOS 11 developer preview iPad Pro 10.5-inch tablet iPhone 8 pictures leaked iPhone 8 phone design Smart Hearing aids co-developed by Apple Apple opens premium Mall in United Arab Emirates Apple increases App Store prices 128GB iPad tablet from Apple 32GB iPhone SE preorder sales started Apple headquarters opens April 2017 128GB iPhone 7 Red   Latest news headlines Samsung Dex mobile phone docking station Apple macOS High Sierra desktop operating system Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories Samsung Electronics eco-friendly consumer products Samsung environmental activities around the world Samsung washing machines receive Design Award Garmin Approach GPS golf watch Samsung Galaxy S8 Limited Edition Rugged handheld devices market report 2017 watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Smartwatch market report 2017 Logitech premium conference camera Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Logitech iPad Pro keyboard cases       5G Accessories Android Galaxy iPhone Rumors Premium smartphones Camera Camera test Nikon SLR Underwater photography   CES CeBIT IFA Photokina PMA  
LG G6 review Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone Edition Samsung Galaxy Note 8 HTC U 11 Sony Xperia L1   2017 NEWS APPLE CANON FUJIFILM HTC HUAWEI LG MOTOROLA NIKON NINTENDO NOKIA OLYMPUS PANASONIC PENTAX SAMSUNG SONY              LetsGoDigital    New digital cameras    Digital camera specs    Smartphones    Smartwatches    Tablets    Smart TVs    Mobile phones    Android Auto    Virtual Reality    Discount deals    Sample picture gallery    Camera reviews    Smartphone reviews    Best cameras    Digital camera compare    Photo gallery contest    Banner Advertising       News 2017     Camera Reviews Mark Peters : June 7th 2017 - 17:40 CET Apple macOS High Sierra desktop operating system Apple macOS High Sierra operating system : Apple previewed macOS High Sierra, the latest version of the world’s most advanced desktop operating system, delivering new core storage, video and graphics technologies that pave the way for future innovation on the Mac. macOS High Sierra offers an all-new file system, support for High-Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC) and an update to Metal, Apple’s advanced graphics technology that powers everything from machine learning to virtual reality content creation. macOS High Sierra desktop operating system also includes a number of refinements to the apps Mac users enjoy every day, including Photos, Safari and Mail. The developer preview of macOS High Sierra is available to Apple Developer Program members. Apple macOS High Sierra adds Virtual Reality support Drawing on the performance of Metal 2 and the latest Mac hardware, macOS High Sierra adds support for VR content creation for the first time, enabling developers to create immersive gaming, 3D and VR content on the Mac. Leading Virtual Reality companies are joining Apple to drive VR innovation on the Mac with features coming later this year - Valve is optimizing their Steam VR platform for macOS and enabling connection of the HTC Vive headset, while Unity and Epic are bringing their VR development tools to macOS. Also later this year, Final Cut Pro X will add support for professional 360-degree workflows with the ability to import, edit and export 360-degree video. Apple File System Apple File System (APFS) features enhanced performance, security and reliability of data and provides a foundation for future storage innovations. An advanced architecture optimized for today’s massive storage technologies, APFS makes common operations such as copying files and directories instantaneous, helps protect data from power outages and system crashes and keeps files safe and secure with native encryption. Apple macOS High Sierra operating system also maintains complete read-and-write compatibility with previously formatted HFS drives and data and is designed to accommodate future advancements in storage technology. 4K Video Coding Support for industry-standard HEVC (H.265) enables video streaming and playback of 4K video files at incredible quality that are also up to 40% smaller than with the current H.264 standard. With HEVC, Apple is enabling high-quality video streaming on networks where only HD streaming was previously possible, while hardware acceleration on the new iMac and MacBook Pro deliver incredibly fast and power-efficient HEVC encoding and editing. Always-on sidebar Photos in macOS High Sierra adds a new always-on sidebar that presents albums and organization tools. A redesigned Edit view includes powerful new tools like Curves, for fine-tuning of color and contrast, and Selective Color, for making adjustments within a defined color range. Apple Live Photos can now be edited with fun effects and Memories curates user photos and videos around several new topics. Photos now supports external editors, so Photoshop, Pixelmator and other apps can launch directly within Photos, with edits saved back to the Photos library. And for the first time, support for third-party project extensions gives users access to printing and publishing services, such as Animoto, ifolor, Shutterfly, WhiteWall and Wix, from right within the Photos app. Apple desktop operating system features Metal is the fastest, most efficient way to tap into GPU power on the Mac. Metal 2 features a refined API and improved performance that help developers accelerate their apps. It adds support for machine learning used in speech recognition, natural language processing and computer vision. The combination of Thunderbolt 3 and Metal 2 allows the most demanding users to access powerful external GPUs. An External Graphics Developer Kit gives developers all the hardware and software they need to optimize their apps.    Next  Samsung Dex mobile phone docking station    Previous  Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals    News by brand:Apple    News by category:Software & OS    News by brand and category:Apple Software & OS Latest Apple announcements Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Apple iOS 11 developer preview iPad Pro 10.5-inch tablet iPhone 8 pictures leaked iPhone 8 phone design Smart Hearing aids co-developed by Apple Apple opens premium Mall in United Arab Emirates Apple increases App Store prices 128GB iPad tablet from Apple 32GB iPhone SE preorder sales started Apple headquarters opens April 2017 128GB iPhone 7 Red   Latest news headlines Samsung Dex mobile phone docking station Apple macOS High Sierra desktop operating system Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories Samsung Electronics eco-friendly consumer products Samsung environmental activities around the world Samsung washing machines receive Design Award Garmin Approach GPS golf watch Samsung Galaxy S8 Limited Edition Rugged handheld devices market report 2017 watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Smartwatch market report 2017 Logitech premium conference camera Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Logitech iPad Pro keyboard cases       5G Accessories Android Galaxy iPhone Rumors Premium smartphones Camera Camera test Nikon SLR Underwater photography   CES CeBIT IFA Photokina PMA  
LG G6 review Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone Edition Samsung Galaxy Note 8 HTC U 11 Sony Xperia L1   2017 NEWS APPLE CANON FUJIFILM HTC HUAWEI LG MOTOROLA NIKON NINTENDO NOKIA OLYMPUS PANASONIC PENTAX SAMSUNG SONY              LetsGoDigital    New digital cameras    Digital camera specs    Smartphones    Smartwatches    Tablets    Smart TVs    Mobile phones    Android Auto    Virtual Reality    Discount deals    Sample picture gallery    Camera reviews    Smartphone reviews    Best cameras    Digital camera compare    Photo gallery contest    Banner Advertising       News 2017     Camera Reviews Mark Peters : June 7th 2017 - 16:12 CET New Apple App Store with 24 application categories Apple redesigned App Store - The place to find your apps : Apple launched the new App Store, designed from the ground up to find applications and game apps easier than before. The beautifully redesigned Apple Store is packed with original stories and editorial stuff, updated daily in a new Today tab, as well as new Games and Apps tabs. Compelling stories, in-depth interviews, helpful tips and collections of the best apps and most popular games will showcase Apple’s unique perspective and aim to inform, help and inspire customers every day. Apple App Store customers have now downloaded more than 180 billion apps and Apple has paid out over $70 billion to developers since the store launched in 2008, making it the most vibrant software marketplace in the world. Apple App Store Today It all starts with the Today tab, a daily destination all about games, apps and app culture. Through in-depth features and interviews filled with beautiful artwork and videos, the App Store’s global team of editors will share the stories behind the apps and games that change the way we live and the developers whose ideas push and shape the world as we know it. Today will feature exclusive premieres, new releases and a fresh look at all-time favorites, as well as recommended tips and how-to guides to help customers use apps in innovative ways. Best apps and popular games Games is the most popular category on the App Store, and with the new design there will now be a dedicated home just for games. It will feature recommendations of new releases and updates, compelling videos, top charts just for games and hand-picked collections. It's now easier than ever to navigate the over half a million games available, and find the best game for everyone from the casual player to the hardcore enthusiast. Apps will also have its own tab, bringing customers everything they use, need and enjoy, from digital photography to money management, online shopping to social networking and much more. Just like the Games tab, the Apps tab will have great recommendations, videos and hand-picked collections across 24 categories, as well as its own app charts. App updates and App search The Updates tab will allow customers to quickly see what has changed in their favorite apps and games with the latest update, and Search has been enhanced to include the editorial content found in Today, Games and Apps. Search by name, category, developer or topic, and you’ll receive relevant results for specific apps and games, as well as editorial stories, collections and in-app purchases. New App product pages The home for every app on the store is its app product page. Apple has redesigned the experience so that all developers can spotlight their apps with more engaging content, putting the most important information front and center for the customer making a download decision. Developers can submit up to three video app previews and five screenshots, which can now be localized so a customer in any country can have a customized version of the video. Accolades including Editors' Choice and chart position will be highlighted, as will in-app purchases and customer ratings and reviews. In-App purchases Apple is also making in-app purchases more discoverable on the App Store. In-app purchases will show up on an app product page and in search results, and editors can feature them in Today, Games and Apps. Customers can now start their in-app purchases on the App Store and be taken directly into a developer's app or game to complete the purchase.    Next  Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals    Previous  Samsung Electronics eco-friendly consumer products    News by brand:Apple    News by category:Apps    News by brand and category:Apple Apps Latest Apple announcements Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Apple iOS 11 developer preview iPad Pro 10.5-inch tablet iPhone 8 pictures leaked iPhone 8 phone design Smart Hearing aids co-developed by Apple Apple opens premium Mall in United Arab Emirates Apple increases App Store prices 128GB iPad tablet from Apple 32GB iPhone SE preorder sales started Apple headquarters opens April 2017 128GB iPhone 7 Red   Latest news headlines Samsung Dex mobile phone docking station Apple macOS High Sierra desktop operating system Apple iMac Pro computer for professionals New Apple App Store with 24 application categories Samsung Electronics eco-friendly consumer products Samsung environmental activities around the world Samsung washing machines receive Design Award Garmin Approach GPS golf watch Samsung Galaxy S8 Limited Edition Rugged handheld devices market report 2017 watchOS 4 for Apple smartwatches Smartwatch market report 2017 Logitech premium conference camera Apple HomePod wireless music speaker Logitech iPad Pro keyboard cases       5G Accessories Android Galaxy iPhone Rumors Premium smartphones Camera Camera test Nikon SLR Underwater photography   CES CeBIT IFA Photokina PMA  
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Offline to online Snap acquires Placed to better measure in-app ads to in-store sales Ad battle rages Google will start blocking 'annoying' ads on Chrome next year Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Display Advertising Get the most important digital marketing news each day. How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most The new solution has a 24-hour window that gives highly trafficked properties an even bigger advantage over third-party ad tech. Ginny Marvin on June 7, 2017 at 3:23 pm More Apple has announced that the next desktop version of Safari in macOS High Sierra, coming out this fall, will include Intelligent Tracking Prevention, an initiative designed to beef up Apple’s efforts to block third-party trackers from capturing cross-site browsing data for ad targeting purposes. What has become clear the more I learn how Intelligent Tracking Prevention works is that it will give Google and Facebook an even bigger advantage over third-party ad tech players. That’s largely the result of the 24-hour window built into Intelligent Tracking Prevention. A blog post by Apple WebKit security engineer John Wilander explains that Intelligent Tracking Prevention builds on Safari’s existing default blocking of third-party cookies and “reduces cross-site tracking by further limiting cookies and other website data.” Intelligent Tracking Prevention collects statistics on “resource loads as well as user interactions such as taps, clicks, and text entries” and groups those statistics by top privately controlled domains. The system then determines which cookies (of any type) have the ability to track user activity across sites. As mentioned above, there is a one-day window in which those cookies may remain available in third-party contexts. “If the user interacted with example.com [in] the last 24 hours, its cookies will be available when example.com is a third-party. This allows for ‘Sign in with my X account on Y’ login scenarios,” writes Wilander. Users can “stay logged in even if they only visit a site occasionally while restricting the use of cookies for cross-site tracking.” After that, the cookie will be partitioned so that it can be referenced for login purposes for 30 days, but no longer for cross-site tracking. After 30 days, the cookie is purged, and Apple will continue to purge it if it tries to collect new data. The one-day window opens a key opportunity for the web’s most popular services and the companies that control them and puts the ad tech companies with which users don’t have direct interactions at a clear disadvantage. Or as Curt Larson, VP of product at Sharethrough, put it, “It helps them [Google and Facebook] in the fact that it hurts everyone else.” Daily visits to Google services will keep its tracking capabilities persistent. Facebook’s mobile activity largely happens in-app, so that traffic won’t be affected by the change. Those who access it through the web, and do so daily, can continue to be tracked by Facebook on Safari. “This means users only have long-term persistent cookies and website data from the sites they actually interact with and tracking data is removed proactively as they browse the web,” Wilander explains. The solution is aimed at plugging the loophole of using first-party cookies or other tactics to transmit data limiting tracking and skirt the third-party cookie blocking. This can analyze any cookie type. The actual impact of Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention would be more symbolic than tangible if it were going into effect on desktop only — Safari had just 5.02 percent of the desktop browser market share globally and 9.18 percent of the US market in May, according to StatCounter. However, with it running on iOS, where Safari has nearly 50 percent share in North America, it has the potential to upend behavioral targeting on the mobile web. Earlier this month, Google announced its Chrome browser would block ads that don’t meet the standards set by the Coalition for Better Ads, of which Google is a founding member. Apple’s tactic sets it apart from Google, as it is not actually blocking ads but instead focusing on the privacy side of the equation. That’s the space Apple is clearly trying to occupy, in contrast to Google and Facebook. The irony is that they’re likely to be among the biggest beneficiaries to Apple’s latest move. That is, until the ad tech industry adapts, as many expect it will, again. Privacy advocate Alexander Hanff said in a blog post that server-side scripts are able to gather the same information even if they are not loaded in Safari, and that while Apple’s efforts are welcome, “it is highly probable that Apple’s new approach to tracking will only accelerate a move to these server side technologies from those who have yet to use them.” About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Popular Stories Facebook adds templates for Canvas ads, extends iAd-like format to Collections How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most The 5 best digital marketing courses for the modern-day marketer Instagram’s direct-response Story ads are available for self-serve buys Related Topics AppleApple: SafariChannel: Display AdvertisingDisplay AdvertisingDisplay Advertising: Ad Blocking Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Rob Nightingale Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: You Can Now Watch Planet of the Apps on iTunes Tech News You Can Now Watch Planet of the Apps on iTunes Dave Parrack June 7, 2017 07-06-2017 2 minutes You Can Now Watch Planet of the Apps on iTunes Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Apple has unleashed Planet of the Apps unto the world. For the uninitiated, Planet of the Apps is Apple’s first foray into original programming. The first episode is now available to watch for free on iTunes, but the remainder of the series will be exclusively available to Apple Music subscribers. With so much competition out there, streaming services are differentiating themselves from their competitors by producing original content. Netflix is making dozens of brilliant original shows 15 New Netflix Originals You'll Be Watching in 2017 15 New Netflix Originals You'll Be Watching in 2017 Netflix is now producing its own original content. And some of the new Netflix Originals set to debut in 2017 definitely look like they'll be worth watching. Read More , and Spotify is producing podcasts about music Spotify Launches New Podcasts All About Music Spotify Launches New Podcasts All About Music Spotify is ramping up its interest in producing original content. This time with a trio of podcasts delving deep into different aspects of the music industry. Read More . And now Apple is jumping on the bandwagon. Shark Tank With Apps Planet of the Apps is a 10-part series that uses the Shark Tank formula with apps. Essentially, app developers need to convince a panel of judges that their app is the next big thing. Judges include will.i.am (who also helped create the series), Gwyneth Paltrow, and Jessica Alba. Developers initially have just 60 seconds to impress the judges in a literal elevator pitch. If any take the bait then the developers get to move onto actually making the app a reality. Eventually they’ll get to pitch to venture capitalists in the hopes of securing funding. To enjoy Planet of the Apps you’ll need to enjoy Shark Tank, like will.i.am and the other judges, and actually have an interest in watching how apps are developed and marketed. Which narrows the potential audience quite severely. Oh, and you’ll also need an Apple Music subscription. This need to enjoy a particular thing before you can enjoy Apple’s offerings could become a trend. Especially as the next show on the agenda is Carpool Karaoke. Which means you’ll not only need to find James Corden funny, but be entertained by him singing in cars with celebrities. Advertisement You can watch the first episode of Planet of the Apps on iTunes or the show’s own website. I Blame Will.i.am Planet of the Apps isn’t a bad show, per se. But it’s also not good, not original, and not worth an Apple Music subscription 10 Essential Apple Music Tips You Really Need to Know 10 Essential Apple Music Tips You Really Need to Know Since its launch in 2015, Apple Music has come a long way, baby. Unfortunately, it's still not the easiest or most intuitive service to get to grips with. Which is where we come in... Read More . However, this IS Apple’s first try at creating original programming, so we cannot judge the company solely on this content. Anyway, I blame will.i.am. Are you going to watch the first episode of Planet of the Apps? Does the format interest you? Are you already a fan of Shark Tank? If you have already watched it, is it enough to make you shell out for an Apple Music subscription? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous PostWWDC ’17: HomePod, iOS 11 & Apple’s Other Top AnnouncementsNext PostGet Amazon Prime Cheaper If You’re on Welfare 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1481 articles Dave Parrack is a journalist from the UK. Growing up at a time when the internet was blossoming inspired his fascination with technology. With 10 years experience writing online, he's currently the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. You can follow him at About.me. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays HomePod iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS High Sierra macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 watchOS 4 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums HomePod watchOS 4 iOS 11 iPhone 7 iPhone 8 macOS High Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air macOS Sierra iOS 10 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > iPhone 7 Launched September 16, available for purchase now. At A Glance The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are Apple's newest iPhones, with significant camera improvements, a new glossy black color, better battery life, faster processors, and improved water resistance implemented through a click-less haptic home button and no headphone jack. The new iPhones launched on September 16, 2016. A special edition (PRODUCT)RED color was announced on March 21, 2017. Features No headphone jack Capacitive, haptic home button Improved water resistance Dual-lens camera for iPhone 7 Plus Design similar to iPhone 6s Upgraded A10 Fusion processor Stereo sound Improved battery life Glossy 'Jet Black' color option (PRODUCT)RED color option Updated 4 weeks ago Highlight Recent Changes Yes No Subscribe for regular MacRumors news and future iPhone 7 info. The New iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Contents The New iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus How to Buy Upgrade Program Issues LTE Performance Jet Black iPhone - Peeling Regulatory Labels Matte Black iPhone - Chipping Reviews Design Black and Jet Black Color Options Red Color Option Water Resistance Display 3D Touch Redesigned Home Button Taptic Engine Touch ID A10 Fusion Processor RAM No Headphone Jack AirPods Battery Life Camera Video iPhone 7 Plus - Dual Cameras FaceTime Camera Other Features Speakers Bluetooth, NFC, and FeliCa LTE Wi-Fi Beyond the iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Timeline Apple says the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, announced on September 7, 2016, are the best iPhones the company has ever created. On the surface, the two devices don't look significantly different from the previous-generation iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, continuing to feature the same 4.7 and 5.5-inch screen sizes and the same dimensions, but there are a few visual differences and several important internal changes. Antenna bands no longer span across the back of the devices, for a cleaner, sleeker look, and there are new colors being sold alongside the standard Silver, Gold, and Rose Gold shades: a matte black color Apple is just calling "Black" and a new "Jet Black" with a high-gloss finish. On March 21, 2017, Apple introduced a third new color, a (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition model in a deep red aluminum. Most notably when it comes to design, the body of the iPhone 7 has been reengineered to be IP67 dust and water resistant, so it can hold up to splashes, rain, and brief submersion in water. There is no physical Home button on the iPhone 7, as it has been replaced by a "solid-state" pressure sensitive button that's connected to a redesigned Taptic Engine to deliver haptic feedback mimicking traditional button presses. A new display is 25 percent brighter and supports wide color gamut for richer, true-to-life colors. Inside, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are equipped with an A10 Fusion processor, which is 40 percent faster than the processor in the iPhone 6s. It features two high-performance cores for system intensive tasks and two high-efficiency cores that operate at 1/5 the power to save battery life for smaller tasks. With the processor improvements, the two devices have the best battery life ever offered in an iPhone. Those upgrading from the iPhone 6s will see two additional hours of battery life on average, while those upgrading from the iPhone 6s Plus will see an additional hour. There is no headphone jack in the iPhone 7, so headphones that connect to it need to be Bluetooth or equipped with a Lightning connector. Apple is shipping the iPhone with Lightning EarPods and a 3.5mm to Lightning adapter, plus it has designed new completely wireless high-tech AirPods to ease the transition. Stereo speakers, located at the top and bottom of the iPhone, are a new addition, and the biggest feature improvement comes in the form of an overhauled camera system. The iPhone 7 features a 28mm 12-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization, a wider f/1.8 aperture 6-element lens, wide color capture, and a new Apple image signaling processor, all of which result in brighter, sharper, more detailed photos, even in low-light conditions. The iPhone 7 Plus features all of the camera improvements in the iPhone 7, but in addition to a 28mm wide-angle lens, it has a second 56mm telephoto lens for dual-camera functionality that enables better optical zoom. It also includes a new shallow-depth-of-field portrait mode that uses the two lenses to draw out the portrait subject while blurring the background. Both iPhones have a new four-LED flash that's 50% brighter and stronger, plus an upgraded 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with new sensor technology and auto image stabilization for better selfies and clearer FaceTime calls. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. Storage in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus has been bumped up. The new minimum is 32GB, with 128GB and 256GB storage options also available. Pricing on the iPhone 7 starts at $649 and pricing on the iPhone 7 Plus starts at $769. How to Buy The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus became available for purchase both online and in Apple retail stores on Friday, September 16, 2016. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in 32, 128, and 256GB configurations, with six color options: Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Black, Jet Black, and (PRODUCT)RED. Jet Black and (PRODUCT)RED are only available in 128 and 256GB capacities. In the United States, iPhone 7 pricing starts at $649 for the 32GB model. The 128 and 256GB models are priced at $749 and $849, respectively. iPhone 7 Plus pricing starts at $769 for the 32GB model. The 128GB and 256GB models are priced at $869 and $969, respectively. As of October 13, 2016, SIM-free versions of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are available from Apple in the United States and must be purchased at full price. SIM-free iPhone 7 models work with any carrier. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus are available for purchase in more than 80 countries around the world, and Apple is continuing to expand availability on a regular basis. Upgrade Program With the iPhone Upgrade Program, which allows users to get a new iPhone each year with AppleCare+ support included, iPhone 7 pricing starts at $32.41 per month and iPhone 7 Plus pricing starts at $37.41 per month. Issues LTE Performance The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus use different LTE modems, sourced from Intel and Qualcomm. The Intel modem only supports GSM and is limited to the AT&T and T-Mobile networks in the U.S., while the Qualcomm modem supports GSM/CDMA and is available for Verizon and Sprint. According to iPhone 7 Plus testing done by Cellular Insights, the Intel iPhone models perform worse than the Qualcomm models when in areas with poor signal. When signal strength is good, there are no performance problems, and real world experience may vary from user to user. Apple may also be throttling the LTE performance of the Verizon iPhone 7 with a Qualcomm modem to keep it on par with the AT&T iPhone 7 with an Intel modem. Based on testing, the Verizon iPhone 7 should significantly outperform the AT&T iPhone 7, but instead, the two devices perform similarly with the Verizon iPhone 7 displaying only a slight edge. When compared to a Samsung Galaxy S7 that also has a Qualcomm chip, the Verizon iPhone 7 could not compete, suggesting Apple has limited its performance to ensure feature parity between iPhone models on different networks. Jet Black iPhone - Peeling Regulatory Labels Apple customers who purchased a Jet Black iPhone 7 or 7 Plus should exercise caution when using a device skin that covers the back of the smartphone. Several iPhone owners have discovered that when the skin is peeled off, it removes part of the regulatory labeling and rear text, such as "Designed by Apple in California." Matte Black iPhone - Chipping A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has allegedly been little wear. According to Apple, the chipping is a normal cosmetic issue and is not covered by warranty. Reviews Ahead of the launch of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, many media sites were given a chance to go hands-on with the new devices. In general, reviewers thought the devices were "terrific" and offered a great foundation for the future, but most didn't think they were an essential upgrade. The Verge, for example, says non-adopters "won't actually be missing out on much," while Mashable's review was a bit more favorable, calling the iPhone 7 a "worthwhile upgrade" and highlighting the ultra fast processors, the battery life, and the stereo speakers. According to Mashable, the water resistance is "pretty awesome" and held up well. TechCrunch wasn't a fan of the new Taptic Engine, and said it makes it feel like the entire bottom half of the phone is clicking, but the site praised the cameras, calling them the "best portable cameras ever made." TechCrunch also saw significant scratching on the Jet Black model, even after just a week of use. MacRumors also went hands-on with the iPhone 7 Plus and shared some of our first impressions of the device. We're fans of the impressive camera and the new Home button. For an extensive list of iPhone 7 reviews, make sure to check out our full iPhone 7 review roundup. Design On the outside, the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus look a lot like the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus. The dimensions, aside from weight, are identical. The iPhone 7 measures in at 138.3mm tall, 67.1mm wide, and 7.1mm thick, while the iPhone 7 Plus is 158.2mm tall, 77.9mm wide, and 7.3mm thick. At 138 grams and 188 grams for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, respectively, the two devices are slightly lighter than previous-generation iPhones. Design wise, there are few visual differences between the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 7, aside from relocated antenna bands that no longer span across the back of the iPhone and larger protruding cameras, a feature that is especially noticeable on the larger iPhone 7 Plus with a dual-camera setup. On the bottom of the iPhone 7, there's no longer a headphone jack. The space has been replaced by a second set of speaker holes, which are largely cosmetic. The first hole on the left side of the device is a microphone, while the rest are designed to match the right side of the phone. Black and Jet Black Color Options To distinguish the iPhone 7 from the iPhone 6s, Apple has focused on introducing two new colors sold alongside the traditional Gold, Rose Gold, and Silver finishes. There's a dark matte light-diffusing "Black" shade that replaces Space Gray and a glossy "Jet Black" that's entirely new, with a pristine, mirror-like surface. The high-shine Jet Black color is achieved through a unique dye bath and anodization process, and while its finish is eye-catching, Apple warns that it is prone to "micro-abrasions" and recommends those who are worried about scratches keep it in a case. Red Color Option On March 21, 2017, Apple introduced iPhone 7 and and iPhone 7 Plus models in a new (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition colorway, which features a deep red aluminum body with white front bezels. According to Apple, the new shade is designed to recognize 10 years of partnership between Apple and the (RED) charity that benefits AIDS research. A portion of the proceeds from purchases will be donated to the Global Fund. The iPhone is being marketed as a (PRODUCT)RED device in all countries except for China. (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition iPhone models became available for purchase starting on March 24, 2017. The devices are available in 128 and 256GB capacities, with prices starting at $749. Water Resistance The iPhone 7 might look a lot like the iPhone 6s, but it's been re-engineered from the inside out with new seals and new adhesive techniques to make it more water and dust resistant. It has a dust/water resistance rating of IP67, meaning it's entirely dust proof and able to withstand 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. It's safe from splashes and accidental submersion, but don't take it swimming. Tests have proven that the iPhone 7 can survive immersion in a variety of liquids, from coke and hot coffee to sea water. There's even been a test to see how well it does in deep water. Display Apple is using a new display in the iPhone 7 that's 25 percent brighter than the display in the iPhone 6s, so it's going to look brighter and clearer outdoors, especially in full sunlight. The display is also using a cinema-standard wide color gamut and end-to-end color management, for more vivid, saturated colors. The resolution of the display is the same, at 1134 x 750 (326 ppi) for the iPhone 7 and 1920 x 1080 (401 ppi) for the iPhone 7 Plus, and the screen sizes continue to measure in at 4.7 inches for the iPhone 7 and 5.5 inches for the iPhone 7 Plus. DisplayMate says the iPhone 7 has the "best LCD display" it's ever tested, calling it a "major upgrade" over the iPhone 6s. iPhone 7 achieved the highest color accuracy, peak brightness, and contrast rating in bright light of any smartphone display, the highest contrast ratio of any IPS LCD display, and the lowest screen reflectance of any smartphone display. 3D Touch 3D Touch continues to be an integral part of the display, built into one of the display layers. 3D Touch is an expanded multi-touch feature that allows the iPhone to measure different levels of pressure in addition to taps, swipes, and pinches. 3D Touch is used across iOS 9 and iOS 10 to enable shortcut gestures called a "Peek" and a "Pop" both at the home screen and in iOS apps. A light press enables a Peek, while a deeper press enables a Pop, and there are unique swipe gestures to open up menus and take actions when using Peeks. Redesigned Home Button The Home button on the iPhone 7 looks like the iPhone 6s Home button, but it's no longer a physical button. Apple calls it a "solid state" button, and when you press on it, you get haptic feedback from the Taptic Engine to mimic a button press, similar to the trackpad on the newest MacBooks. Instead of feeling the sensation of pressing down on an actual button, when you use the Home button on the iPhone 7, you'll feel haptic vibrations in response to let you know that actions like unlocking the iPhone's screen or making a payment with Apple Pay have been successful. When setting up the iPhone 7, you can choose the level of haptic feedback you want, ranging from light to powerful, with a setting in the middle available. It should be noted that the iPhone 7 Home button is capacitive, requiring skin contact or the right kind of capacitive gloves to press. It otherwise won't register touch, unlike the physical home buttons of earlier devices. Taptic Engine The Home button in the iPhone 7 is powered by a redesigned and updated Taptic Engine, a piece of hardware that was first introduced in the iPhone 6s. According to Apple, the Taptic Engine is more responsive and works with a wider range of frequencies. It is used throughout the iPhone 7 system for everything from the Home button to notification vibrations, and for the first time, it can be programmed by third-party applications for new feelings and experiences that were not previously available. Touch ID The Touch ID fingerprint sensor that replaces passwords and offers additional security for things like Apple Pay payments is still located on the Home button, despite the Home button's redesign. Second-generation Touch ID technology is built into the iPhone 7 and the Touch ID fingerprint sensor is as quick as the one in the iPhone 6s. A10 Fusion Processor Apple improves the processor in each iteration of the iPhone, and in the iPhone 7, some impressive features have been included for the best chip performance in an iOS device yet. The A10 Fusion has a four-core CPU (the first in an iOS device) that combines power and efficiency in a unique way. It is "incredibly thin" and was made on TSMC's 16 nm FinFET+ process. There are two high-performance cores, which are 40 percent faster than the A9 chip in the iPhone 6s and twice as fast as the A8 chip in the iPhone 6. There are also two high-efficiency cores that run at 1/5th of the speed of the high-performance cores to preserve battery when doing tasks that aren't system intensive. An Apple-designed performance controller switches between the two core systems and makes sure the correct processes are running for maximum performance and maximum battery. When doing something that requires the more powerful CPU, such as gaming, the high-power cores run. When doing something that doesn't require a lot of power, like sending a message or an email, the high-efficiency cores turn on to draw less power and use less battery. Benchmarking tests have proven that the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus are indeed equipped with the fastest mobile processor Apple has produced yet, outperforming the A9X in the 12.9-inch iPad Pro. An iPhone 7 Plus benchmark The iPhone 7 is faster than Samsung devices, even recent ones, and it can even outperform most MacBook Air models. Along with the four-core CPU, the iPhone 7 features a six-core graphics chip that's 60 percent faster than the A9 and three times faster than the A8. At the same time, it draws one-third less power than the A9 and half as much power as the A8. There is an embedded M10 motion coprocessor in the A10 Fusion chip that captures motion-based data from the compass, accelerometer, and gyroscope to power Apple's health and fitness capabilities without significant power drain. For more detail on the A10 Fusion and the improvements it brings, make sure to check out our post covering the processor advancements introduced in the iPhone 7 and the Apple Watch Series 2. RAM Due to the increased demands of a dual-camera system and the software necessary to process images, Apple has equipped the iPhone 7 Plus with 3GB RAM. The iPhone 7, which uses only a single lens camera, continues to have 2GB RAM like the iPhone 6s. No Headphone Jack There is no headphone jack in the iPhone 7, so headphones need to connect wirelessly or through the Lightning port. The removal of the headphone jack was done to save space and to make room for new technologies, plus Apple is using its elimination to drive the development of wireless headphone technology. To ease the transition away from the 3.5mm headphone jack, Apple is including Lightning EarPods and a Lightning to 3.5mm adapter in each iPhone box. Apple has also developed new wireless headphones called AirPods and introduced new wireless Beats models. AirPods AirPods, Apple's new wireless earbuds, look a lot like standard EarPods without the wires. Reviews suggest they're similar in shape and size, but the internals are entirely different. There are no wires between the AirPods -- each operates independently. You can wear both at the same time or wear a single one for a phone or FaceTime call. AirPods feature Bluetooth and an Apple-designed W1 chip, the first wireless chip Apple has created for intelligent, high-efficiency playback with a consistent, reliable connection. AirPods have an infrared sensor built in to detect when they're in the ear, and motion accelerometers respond to touch gestures, such as a double tap to activate Siri. Voice accelerometers recognize when you're talking and then team up with beamforming microphones to reduce external noise, plus Apple says the AirPods have "incredible sound." Apple's goal, which it says no one has achieved, is a "wireless future" where all devices intuitively connect. AirPods are the first step towards that goal. The W1, paired with iCloud, connect seamlessly to all Apple devices with a one-step setup procedure and can instantly switch between devices. Apple calls it a "magical experience." AirPods last for five hours on a single charge and ship with a case that doubles as a battery source, for more than 24 total hours of battery life. AirPods and the case can be charged through a Lightning connector. AirPods are priced at $159. Apple originally planned to release the AirPods in late October, but opted to delay the launch until December to work out some remaining bugs. AirPods officially became available for purchase online on December 13, 2016 and from retail stores on December 19, 2016. Battery Life According to Apple, processor improvements and bigger physical batteries have resulted in the longest battery life ever in an iPhone. Those upgrading from an iPhone 6s to an iPhone 7 will see two hours of additional battery life on average while iPhone 7 Plus users upgrading from an iPhone 6s Plus will see at least an hour more battery life. In most cases, users will see much greater increases in battery. Curiously, when broken down on Apple's site, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus get longer battery life during internet use and video playback, but shorter battery life for audio playback and talk time. Still, Apple says average battery life during real-world usage has improved. Based on device teardowns, the iPhone 7 has a 1,960 mAh battery, an improvement over the 1,715 mAh battery in the iPhone 6s. The iPhone 7 Plus has a 2,900 mAh battery, up from 2,750 mAh in the iPhone 6s Plus. Camera The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus feature a huge jump forward in camera technology, for photographs that are clearer, brighter, and crisper, even in low-light conditions. Optical image stabilization, once a feature limited to the 5.5-inch iPhone, is built into the iPhone 7, compensating for small movements and hand shakiness when snapping a photo to allow for longer exposure times (3x longer than iPhone 6s). There's a new 6-element f/1.8 aperture lens that lets 50 percent more light into the sensor while keeping photos sharp at the edges. The 12-megapixel high-speed sensor is 60 percent faster and 30 percent more efficient, and there's a new image signal processor with twice the throughput for faster camera performance across the board. The image signal processor, custom designed by Apple, sets exposure, focus, white balance, and uses wide color capture for more true-to-life images. It features fourth-generation tone mapping and noise reduction, performing 100 billion operations in just 25 milliseconds every single time a photo is taken with the iPhone. Wide color gamut support results in richer colors, especially for greens and some shades of red. Low-light photo capture is improved, and Live Photos feature stabilization, can be edited, and are accessible to third-party developers via new Capture and Edit APIs. In addition to facial recognition, the iPhone 7 also features full body recognition. Professional camera tests have lauded the iPhone 7's excellent exposure, lower noise output, and richer colors, calling it a solid improvement over the camera in the iPhone 6s. The camera features great exposures with wide dynamic range, accurate white balance and color rendering, and good detail preservation when shooting outdoors in bright daylight. A redesigned four-LED rear flash puts out 50 percent more light and reaches 50 percent further, plus it has a flicker sensor that can read the flickering of artificial lighting and can compensate for it in both photo and video. The rear camera is protected by a sapphire lens cover to keep it safe from scratches. Video Video taking capabilities haven't been improved in the iPhone 7. It still includes 4K video recording at 30fps and 1080p video recording at 30 or 60fps. 1080p Slo-mo video support is available at 120fps and 240fps at 720p. iPhone 7 Plus - Dual Cameras All of the features built into the iPhone 7 are included in the iPhone 7 Plus, but it has one other unique feature -- a second lens. The first lens in the iPhone 7 Plus is the same wide-angle 28mm lens included in the iPhone 7, but it is installed alongside a second 12-megapixel 56mm telephoto lens with an f/2.8 aperture. The two lenses create a new zoom feature that allows iPhone 7 Plus users to switch seamlessly between standard 1x zoom and an optical 2x zoom, right within the camera app. Optical zoom is superior to digital zoom because there's no loss of detail, but the 2x optical zoom function also enables better digital zoom for clearer photos up to 10x closer. Apple says that because you're starting with a 2x lens when you zoom in with the iPhone 7 Plus, the quality is up to four times better than digital zoom in the iPhone 6s. As of iOS 10.1, the two cameras in the iPhone 7 Plus can be used for a new "Portrait" feature that uses shallow depth of field to make portrait photos "pop," as is possible with a high-end DSLR. To achieve this, Apple's image signal processor scans a scene, using machine learning techniques to recognize people. It creates a depth map of the image from the two cameras, keeping the people in focus while applying an artful blur to the background. There's even a Live Preview effect that lets you see the background blur before taking the photo, something that's unique to the iPhone. "Portrait" is a feature in the camera app alongside other options like "Video" and "Panorama." FaceTime Camera The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus feature a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera for better-than-ever selfies and clearer FaceTime calls. There's new sensor technology for sharper images, auto image stabilization to reduce shakiness, and the wide color capture feature of the rear-camera is also available on the FaceTime camera. Other Features Speakers There are two speakers in the iPhone 7, introducing surround sound for the first time. One speaker is at the bottom of the phone and one is at the top, for stereo sound in both portrait and landscape orientations. The two speakers put out twice the volume of the single speaker in the iPhone 6s and have a better overall sound thanks to increased dynamic range. Bluetooth, NFC, and FeliCa The iPhone 7 features Bluetooth 4.2 for connecting to Bluetooth devices like the AirPods, and it has an NFC chip for use with Apple Pay. New in iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models sold in Japan is a FeliCa chip, which allows them to work with the FeliCa payments standard that's been widely adopted in the country. In Japan, Apple Pay users can use the payments service anywhere Suica, iD, and QuicPay. LTE The iPhone 7 features LTE Advanced for data transfer speeds up to 450Mb/s and support on more LTE bands around the world. Unlike the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which worked on any network, GSM iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models designed for the AT&T and T-Mobile networks are not compatible with the CDMA networks of Verizon and Sprint. This is because Apple has used LTE chips from both Qualcomm and Intel in its devices. GSM devices with Intel chips are not equipped with CDMA functionality, whereas Qualcomm chips work on both GSM and CDMA networks. That means a T-Mobile or AT&T iPhone cannot later be used on the Verizon or Sprint network. Verizon and Sprint, iPhones, however, support both the GSM and CDMA networks and can later be used with AT&T or T-Mobile. iPhone models A1660 and A1661 are Verizon and Sprint models compatible with GSM and CDMA networks. iPhone models A1778 and A1784 are AT&T and T-Mobile models that are only compatible with GSM networks. Wi-Fi The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus support 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi with MIMO. The technology is the same as the Wi-Fi technology in the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, with connection speeds that can reach up to a theoretical maximum of 866Mb/s. Beyond the iPhone 7 The iPhone 7 has barely hit the market, but we're already hearing rumors about the iPhone that will be released in 2017 to mark the 10th anniversary of the launch of the first iPhone. That device is said to feature some radical design changes, adopting a glass-backed body, an edge-to-edge OLED display with integrated Touch ID and no home button, and perhaps improved biometric features like facial recognition. For more details on the 2017 iPhone, which will perhaps be called the "iPhone 8," make sure to check out our full iPhone 8 roundup. iPhone 7 Timeline June2017 Jun 7 Developer Access to iPhone's NFC Chip Coming in iOS 11 Jun 6 Mophie Launches Charge Force Cases for iPhone 7/7 Plus, Along With Attachable Powerstation Mini Jun 6 iPhone Can Scan QR Codes Directly in Camera App on iOS 11 Jun 1 Intel Gaining Larger Foothold in iPhone LTE Chip Supply Chain as Apple Distances Itself From Qualcomm May2017 May 10 iPhone Remained World's Most Popular Smartphone Last Quarter May 2 Apple CEO Tim Cook Attributes a 'Pause' in iPhone Purchases to 2017 iPhone Rumors May 2 Apple CEO Tim Cook: 'Demand Was Stronger Towards iPhone 7 Plus Than We Expected' April2017 Apr 20 Elago's New M4 Stand Turns Your iPhone 7, 6s, or 6 Into The Original Macintosh Apr 19 Xiaomi Unveils $360 Mi 6 Phone With Dual-Lens Camera, 'Four-Sided 3D Glass' Casing, No Headphone Jack Apr 18 May Cover of Food Magazine 'Bon Appétit' Shot on an iPhone 7 March2017 Mar 30 iPhone to Officially Debut in Argentina Next Month, Could Cost Double the Price of Models in U.S. Mar 25 (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 Plus Gets Black Front in New Part Swap Video Mar 24 Hands-On With Apple's New (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 Mar 24 New 9.7-Inch iPad and Red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Now Available to Order Mar 24 Apple Store Down in Advance of (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 and New 9.7-inch iPad Launch at 8:01 a.m. Pacific Time Mar 22 Tim Cook Confirms Apple Will Make Global Fund Donations From Sales of Red iPhone 7 in China Mar 22 iPhone Named World's Most Popular Smartphone Last Year Mar 22 Apple Drops iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Branding in China Mar 21 New (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 Plus Shown Off in Unboxing Video Mar 21 Apple Launches New Silicone and Leather iPhone 7 Case Colors   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Lowlander 2: Lowerlander' Soft Launches in New Zealand and the Philippines Out Now: 'Monument Valley 2', 'Farming Simulator 18', 'Super Nano Jumpers', 'Astro Crash', 'The Quest - Thor's Hammer', 'Pocket Claw', 'Art of Conquest' and More 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting a Better Tutorial, Charms, Runes, and Other Improvements 'Swing King and the Temple of Bling' Launching June 29th Latest 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Has You Discovering Cards from the Opponent's Class 'LEGO Quest & Collect' Has Soft Launched, Brings Along Plenty of Ways to Play YouTube Apple HomePod: What We Know! Hands-On with iOS 11! Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote in 7 Minutes! What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays HomePod iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS High Sierra macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 watchOS 4 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums HomePod watchOS 4 iOS 11 iPhone 7 iPhone 8 macOS High Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air macOS Sierra iOS 10 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Tim Cook Discusses His Job, Apple's Long-Term Future, AI, Virtual Reality, and More Sunday August 14, 2016 10:44 am PDT by Tim Hardwick The Washington Post today posted a lengthy new interview with Tim Cook, in which he discussed his first five years as Apple CEO and hinted at the company's work on augmented reality products. When asked how he handled the scrutiny that came with the role, Cook admitted that it was something he'd had to adapt to since taking over from Steve Jobs, and that there was very little Apple could do without it being reported somewhere. You’re both praised and criticized, and the extremes are wide — very wide. And that can happen all in a day. You build up — my skin got materially thicker after August 2011. And I don’t mean in a bad way. I don’t mean that I’m callous and don’t care. I think I’m a bit better today about compartmentalizing things and not taking everything so personally.Asked what has changed about Apple since his tenure in the role, Cook explained that while the company's aim of making "insanely great products" remained the same, its interests had broadened in line with its tremendous growth. The obvious things are we have more employees. The company is four times larger [by revenue since 2010]. We’ve broadened the iPhone lineup. That was a really key decision and I think a very good one. We’ve gone into the Apple Watch business, which has gotten us into wellness and in health. We keep pulling that string to see where that takes us. Lots of core technology work has been done.Cook also explained that the company had stepped up its social responsibility and been more transparent about issues such as its environmental work, which had been "going on at Apple for decades, but we didn't talk about it." When asked how Apple could move forward when so much of its business is tied up in the iPhone and an industry that's cooling off, Cook said: Look at the core technologies that make up the smartphone today and look at the ones that will be dominant in smartphones of the future — like AI. AI will make this product even more essential to you. It will become even a better assistant than it is today. So where you probably aren’t leaving home without it today — you’re really going to be connected to it in the future. That level of performance is going to skyrocket.When asked about some analysts' claims that Apple's best days are behind it, Cook said the suggestion "doesn't bother him" because "he's heard it all before" and he doesn't subscribe to it "because it's traditional thinking in a lot of ways: You can't get large because you are large". Asked about Apple's future and statements he made in the last earnings call about artificial intelligence, Cook argued that the company wasn't falling behind AI efforts by other companies and called the breadth of Siri "unbelievable": Increasingly, Siri understands things without having to memorize certain ways to say things. The prediction of Siri is going way up. What we’ve done with AI is focus on things that will help the customer. And we announced in June that we’re opening Siri to third parties, so third-party developers can now use Siri. So a simple example with that, whatever kind of ride-sharing app you might use, Uber or Lyft in the United States, you could just — using your voice — order the car. So third-party developers are writing tons of those that will be available to the public in the fall. And that’s how we’re broadening Siri in a huge way.Apple has had a team working on virtual and augmented reality technologies since at least early 2015, when rumors suggested there were a small number of employees investigating how Apple could incorporate the technologies into its products. Apple's interest in virtual reality dates back much further, however, and Apple has filed multiple patents over the years, for products like video goggles, motion-sensing 3D virtual interfaces for iOS devices, and 3D "hyper reality" displays. When asked if Apple had designs on the augmented or virtual reality space, Cook said: I think AR [augmented reality] is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on behind that curtain that we talked about. [Laughs.]In the full interview, Cook reflects on the death of Steve Jobs, Apple's tax policies, his non-traditional view of the role of a CEO, his succession planning, and some of the mistakes he's made along the way. You can read the full Washington Post interview here. [ 308 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Menopause 11 months ago 5 Years of Tim Cook — The Condensed Summary Version: + Apple Watch bands Rating: 141 Votes dogslobber 11 months ago Cue the Cook hate in 3...2..1 Critics of Cook don't hate him. That's what you're alluding to but it's just plain wrong. WE want things done the proper way, the Apple way. Not this half-assed lack of vision and focus that destroys Steve Jobs's legacy. Rating: 66 Votes littyboy 11 months ago "Can you tell me about your job?" Cook - "Yes, my job is to make sure we re-use the same tech years and years over, but continue to charge premium prices. Also, I'll continue to come out with more watch bands" Rating: 41 Votes JPLC 11 months ago Nope nope nope! None of this is warming me up for anything. It's a non-vision. Last keynote was a great reflection of Apple today. It's a club of seniors that make you shiver when they use words like "amazing" and "extremely" and try to be hip. It's like your stupid uncle using words like cool and awesome. Rating: 41 Votes Crosscreek 11 months ago Siri....which watchband should I innovate today? Rating: 31 Votes CFreymarc 11 months ago In all honesty, this speech screams a prelude to Tim's resignation and possibly retirement. I bet he is hanging around for the new Apple campus to complete, take/steal credit for all the architecture awards, move in for the Spring 2017 product launch and then ride off into the sunset. Rating: 29 Votes Cisco_Kid 11 months ago Someone should have asked him why the Mac is being neglected so badly. Rating: 25 Votes AppleScruff1 11 months ago He seems to be doing a lot of interviews lately. I wonder if he is trying to give some optimism to the currently stale product lineup? Rating: 24 Votes ThunderSkunk 11 months ago It's about the product. And from a product standpoint, Apple is deep in a lull. iOS expanded on to too many products before it was mature and ready, giving everything a half-baked feel, and progress on OS X, Macs, and Pro apps has slowed to a crawl or disappeared, leaving the backbone weak. 2007-2010 Apple looked like a steak dinner. Now it looks like the day-old donut shelf. Rating: 22 Votes Pilgrim1099 11 months ago In all honesty, this speech screams a prelude to Tim's resignation and possibly retirement. I bet he is hanging around for the new Apple campus to complete, take/steal credit for all the architecture awards, move in for the Spring 2017 product launch and then ride off into the sunset. I hope they fire him or he resigns BEFORE he's allowed to settle in that new office. I suspect he's burnt out but I also get this weird hunch that he may not be getting along with Jony. Giving Jony the CCO position was a sign of weakness letting him do his thing without questioning the design process. It almost reminds me a bit of two CEOs at a certain company that screwed up their mobile phone market. I want the new CEO to come in and say " Jony, report to me directly or leave Apple. I will not kiss your a$$ and let you run rampage with your insanity ". Rating: 20 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iPhone 8 Fall 2017 New design with full-front display and no Home button expected. HomePod December Siri-based speaker unveiled at WWDC, launching December 2017. iMac December High-end iMac Pro in Space Gray will start at $4999. More Blog Stories Pokémon Go Announces In-Game and Real Life Anniversary Events as Niantic Touts Apple's ARKit 21 minutes ago on iOS Blog It's just under a month until the one year anniversary of Pokémon Go, which began appearing on the iOS App Store in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand in early July of... 2 comments Apple's Concern With User Privacy Reportedly Stifling Siri Development 1 hour ago on iOS Blog Former Apple employees who worked on Siri believe the virtual assistant is struggling to catch up with its rivals because of a lack of ambitious goals stemming from the company's overarching... 33 comments WhatsApp Gains Photo Filters and Automatic Albums, 'Recall' Feature Reportedly Imminent 4 hours ago on iOS Blog WhatsApp gained a handful of new features this week, including photo filters, quick replies, and automatic albums in chat threads. The photo filters in WhatsApp 2.17.30 are similar to those... 4 comments Apple Opens Up HomeKit Platform To Make Smart Product Development Easier 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple has taken steps to make its HomeKit smart home platform more accessible to third parties in order to encourage faster adoption, the company announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference on... 13 comments OWC Confirms New Low-End 27-inch iMac Can Be Fitted With 64GB RAM 6 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple announced a refreshed range of iMacs during its keynote at the Worldwide Developers Conference this week, offering three stock configurations of the new 27-inch model with Kaby Lake processors,... 21 comments Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 32 With New Features for Safari 11 in macOS High Sierra 21 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced one year ago in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test... 18 comments Best Buy Offering Up to $50 Gift Card With Latest iPad Pro Models 21 hours ago on iOS Blog Best Buy has launched a limited time promotion offering customers up to a $50 Best Buy physical gift card with their pre-order of the latest iPad Pro models, announced at WWDC 2017 this week,... 31 comments Apple Watch on Track to Include Advanced Micro-LED Display 'As Soon As 2018' 22 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple's micro-LED plans are making headlines again today, with Nikkei quoting industry sources that believe the Cupertino company is still on track for a wide adoption of micro-LED screens in its... 38 comments • Apple Retains #3 Spot in Annual Fortune 500 Rankings (35) • Watch the Season Premiere of Apple's New 'Planet of the Apps' Series (48) • TrackR Launches New 'Pixel' Bluetooth Tracker With User-Replaceable Battery (16) • Logitech Debuts Slim Combo Case for 10.5-Inch and 12.9-Inch iPad Pro With Detachable Backlit Keyboard (44) • Apple Music Marketing Exec Bozoma Saint John Reportedly Leaving Apple for Uber [Updated] (63) • Mophie Launches Charge Force Cases for iPhone 7/7 Plus, Along With Attachable Powerstation Mini (10) • iPhone Can Scan QR Codes Directly in Camera App on iOS 11 (46)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Lowlander 2: Lowerlander' Soft Launches in New Zealand and the Philippines Out Now: 'Monument Valley 2', 'Farming Simulator 18', 'Super Nano Jumpers', 'Astro Crash', 'The Quest - Thor's Hammer', 'Pocket Claw', 'Art of Conquest' and More 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting a Better Tutorial, Charms, Runes, and Other Improvements 'Swing King and the Temple of Bling' Launching June 29th Latest 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Has You Discovering Cards from the Opponent's Class 'LEGO Quest & Collect' Has Soft Launched, Brings Along Plenty of Ways to Play YouTube Apple HomePod: What We Know! Hands-On with iOS 11! Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote in 7 Minutes! What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays HomePod iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS High Sierra macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 watchOS 4 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums HomePod watchOS 4 iOS 11 iPhone 7 iPhone 8 macOS High Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air macOS Sierra iOS 10 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Cyber Monday Sales Live for iPhones, Macs, iPads, Accessories, and More Monday November 28, 2016 7:28 am PST by Mitchel Broussard For those who missed out on last week's Black Friday deals, or remain on the lookout for a few more gift ideas, Cyber Monday offers a number of online and in-store discounts on a wide range of Apple-related products and accessories. Most deals will remain available through the end of day on Monday, November 28. Note: MacRumors is an affiliate partner with some of the below vendors and may earn commissions on purchases made through these links. Best Buy Best Buy has a collection of Apple products on sale for Cyber Monday, with free shipping on all orders and free in-store pickup options available for customers. iPhone - iPhone 7 (32 GB) for $1 with activation and a two-year contract on Verizon: Black, Silver, Gold, Rose Gold - Buy any iPhone on installment or lease agreement and select Beats Solo 3 or Powerbeats 3 headphones, save $100. - iPhone SE (16 GB) for $9.99/month ($160 total savings) when you buy and activate with Verizon: Silver, Space Gray, Gold, Rose Gold 12.9-inch iPad Pro - 32 GB Wi-Fi for $699.99 ($100 off): Silver, Space Gray, Gold - 128 GB Wi-Fi for $799.99 ($100 off): Silver, Space Gray, Gold Apple TV - Up to $30 off: 64 GB $169.99 and 32 GB $127.49 MacBook - 1.1 GHz/256 GB $1,149.99 ($150 off): Silver, Space Gray, Gold, Rose Gold - 1.2 GHz/512 GB $1,449.99 ($150 off): Silver, Space Gray, Gold, Rose Gold MacBook Air - $200 off discontinued 11.6-inch MacBook Air with 128 GB or 256 GB of flash storage iTunes - Buy one iTunes gift card, get one of equal or lesser value 20% off: $15, $25, $50, $100, 3 x $10 Target Target's 15% off site-wide sale is still going on through the end of the day. There are a few restrictions, but other than iTunes gift cards, Apple products are included in the offer. B&H Photo Video B&H Photo Video is offering some of the better Cyber Monday deals we've seen on Apple products. We've listed some of the notable discounts below. Macs - Early 2015 13" MacBook Air (1.6GHz Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB SSD) for $879 ($150 off, regular $1,029) - Early 2015 13" MacBook Air (1.6GHz Core i5/8GB RAM/256GB SSD) for $1,039 ($160 off, regular $1,199) - Early 2015 13" MacBook Pro (2.7GHz Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB SSD) for $1,149 ($150 off, regular $1,299) - Mid 2015 13" MacBook Pro (2.7GHz Core i5/8GB RAM/256GB SSD) for $1,299 ($200 off, regular $1,499) - Late 2016 13" MacBook Pro sans Touch Bar (2.0GHz Core i5/8GB RAM/256GB SSD) for $1,399 ($100 off, regular $1,499) Apple Watch (2015 models) - 42mm Apple Watch Sport (Space Gray/Black Sport Band) for $199 ($150 off, regular $349) - 42mm Apple Watch Sport (Space Gray/Black Woven Nylon Band) for $199 ($150 off, regular $349) - 42mm Apple Watch Sport (Silver/Orange Sport Band) for $199 ($200 off, regular $399) - 42mm Apple Watch Sport (Silver/Blue Sport Band) for $209 ($190 off, regular $399) iPad - 9.7-inch iPad Pro (Wi-Fi + 4G LTE/128GB/Rose Gold) for $629 ($200 off, regular $829) — sale ends at 12:00 p.m. Pacific Time MacMall MacMall is offering Cyber Monday deals on a range of Apple products, including iPads, Macs, and accessories. The discounts are similar to what it offered on Black Friday. iPads - iPad mini 4 (Wi-Fi/32GB/Space Gray) for $359 ($40 off, regular $399) - iPad mini 4 (Wi-Fi/128GB/Silver) for $474 ($25 off, regular $499) - iPad mini 4 (Wi-Fi + Cellular/128GB/Space Gray) for $589 ($40 off, regular $629) - iPad Air 2 (Wi-Fi/32GB/Space Gray) for $347 ($52 off, regular $399) - iPad Air 2 (Wi-Fi/128GB/Space Gray) for $435 ($64 off, regular $499) - iPad Air 2 (Wi-Fi/128GB/Silver) for $459 ($40 off, regular $499) - 9.7-inch iPad Pro (Wi-Fi/32GB/Space Gray) for $491 ($108 off, regular $599) - 9.7-inch iPad Pro (Wi-Fi/32GB/Gold) for $491 ($108 off, regular $599) - 9.7-inch iPad Pro (Wi-Fi/32GB/Silver) for $491 ($108 off, regular $599) - 9.7-inch iPad Pro (Wi-Fi + Cellular/32GB/Space Gray) for $611 ($118 off, regular $729) - 9.7-inch iPad Pro (Wi-Fi + Cellular/32GB/Silver) for $611 ($118 off, regular $729) - 12.9-inch iPad Pro (Wi-Fi + Cellular/128GB/Gold) for $887 ($142 off, regular $1,029) Macs - Early 2015 13.3" MacBook Air (1.6GHz Core i5/8GB RAM/256GB SSD) for $1,115 ($84 off, regular $1,199) - Early 2016 12" MacBook (1.1GHz Core m3/8GB RAM/256GB SSD) for $1,172 ($127 off, regular $1,299) - Mid 2015 15" MacBook Pro (2.2GHz Core i7/16GB RAM/256GB SSD) for $1,819 ($180 off, regular $1,999) - Mid 2015 15" MacBook Pro (2.5GHz Core i7/16GB RAM/256GB SSD) for $1,959 ($140 off, regular $2,099) - Mid 2015 15" MacBook Pro (2.2GHz Core i7/16GB RAM/512GB SSD) for $2,160 ($139 off, regular $2,299) - Early 2015 13" MacBook Pro (2.7GHz Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB SSD) for $1,195 ($104 off, regular $1,299) - 27" iMac with Retina 5K Display (3.2GHz Core i5/8GB RAM/1TB HDD) for $1,673 ($126 off, regular $1,799) - Late 2013 Mac Pro (3.5GHz Intel Xeon E5/16GB RAM/256GB SSD/Dual AMD FirePro D500) for $3,639 ($360 off, regular $3,999) Other - 64GB Apple TV 4 for $159 ($40 off, regular $199) - AppleCare Protection Plan for MacBook/MacBook Air/13" MacBook Pro for $215 ($34 off, regular $249) - Apple Pencil for $89 ($10 off, regular $99) - Smart Keyboard for 9.7-inch iPad Pro for $139 ($10 off, regular $149) T-Mobile T-Mobile is offering a "free memory upgrade" on the iPhone 7, with 128 GB models selling for $650 and 256 GB models selling for $750, which is a savings of $100 on both phones. Offers are only available online and through T-Mobile telesales (1-877-413-5903). Twelve South Twelve South is offering up to 50% off on a collection of its MacBook accessories, as well as some headphone stands. Those who place an order on Twelve South today will also receive free shipping in the United States. Like most offers, it ends at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time tonight, while supplies last. - Fermata - $69.99 (regular $79.99) - BookBook for MacBook - $39.99-$69.99 (regular $79.99-$99.99) - BaseLift for MacBook - $19.99 (regular $39.99) - BookArc möd for MacBook - $29.99 (regular $59.99) - HoverBar for iPad - $29.99 (regular $59.99) - MagicWand - $14.99 (regular $29.99) - BassJump 2 for MacBook - $34.99 (regular $49.99) Pad & Quill Pad & Quill is giving its customers a site-wide discount of 15% off on Cyber Monday, including accessories for the MacBook, iPad Pro, and even Apple Pencil. Take an additional 5% off with coupon code "PQ5" entered at checkout. Incase Incase is offering a 50% discount site-wide on Cyber Monday, including a collection of its MacBook bags, cases, battery packs, and more, with the code CYBER50. Additionally, anyone who spends over $50 before 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on November 28, when the sale ends, will receive a free gift in their order. Belkin Belkin is giving its customers a 30% discount on all of its products today with the code HAPPYDAY. The two exclusions to the offer include the $99.99 PowerHouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone and the $39.99 Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar, which lets users listen to music and charge their iPhone 7 simultaneously. The company is also offering free ground shipping on all orders placed within the U.S., currently running through January 2, 2017. Speck Speck's deal running today is 30–40% off almost everything site-wide. ZAGG Like last year, ZAGG is offering a 50% discount site-wide on Cyber Monday, with three exclusions: Slim Book Pro, Rugged Book Pro, Glass+, and Sapphire Defense. ZAGG's offer runs later than most sites', closing on Tuesday, November 29 at 11:59 p.m. Mountain Standard Time, with an additional limit of only three discounted items allowed per customer. Other Deals - Griffin has extended its Black Friday sale so customers can continue to save 30% site-wide with the code CYBERMONDAY. - OtterBox is automatically taking 25% off of all orders placed on its website today. - Staples is offering 15% off of $50 and $100 iTunes gift cards only. - OWC has a collection of deals on Thunderbolt dock solutions, EarPods, Beats by Dre accessories, and more. - Incipio is offering 50% off site-wide, with orders of $100+ gaining a promo code for 20% off a future purchase. - DODOcase is offering 30% off site-wide with promo code CM30. - Native Union has a selection of docks, cables, cases, and watch bands for up to 80% off. [ 25 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) TimCookMustGo 27 weeks ago Waiting for $1000 off new 15 inch Macbook Pro coupon so it can finally be reasonably priced. Then, I would be able to afford $300+ worth of dongles. Rating: 4 Votes Good User Name 27 weeks ago What does it take to get a deal on a gen2 watch? A gen3 watch Rating: 3 Votes thisisfrancis 27 weeks ago Careful- the B&H Apple Watch offers are NOT current generation Series 1 watches (with the updated dual-core processor), but original 2015 watches... Sincerely, Francis ('//www.macrumors.com/2016/11/28/cyber-monday-sales/') B&H Photo Video Apple Watch Series 1 - 42mm Apple Watch Sport (Space Gray/Black Sport Band) ('https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1187199-REG/apple_mj3t2ll_a_watch_sport_smartwatch_42mm.html/kw/APMBPMJLQ2LL/BI/2696/KBID/3612') for $199 ($150 off, regular $349) - 42mm Apple Watch Sport (Space Gray/Black Woven Nylon Band) ('https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1241433-REG/apple_mmfr2ll_a_watch_sport_42mm_smartwatch.html/kw/APMBPMJLQ2LL/BI/2696/KBID/3612') for $199 ($150 off, regular $349) - 42mm Apple Watch Sport (Silver/Orange Sport Band) ('https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1187200-REG/apple_mlc42ll_a_watch_sport_smartwatch_42mm.html/kw/APMBPMJLQ2LL/BI/2696/KBID/3612') for $199 ($200 off, regular $399) - 42mm Apple Watch Sport (Silver/Blue Sport Band) ('https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1187195-REG/apple_mlc52ll_a_watch_sport_smartwatch_42mm.html/kw/APMBPMJLQ2LL/BI/2696/KBID/3612') for $209 ($190 off, regular $399) Rating: 3 Votes Keerock 27 weeks ago Waiting for $1000 off new 15 inch Macbook Pro coupon so it can finally be reasonably priced. Then, I would be able to afford $300+ worth of dongles. Yawn. Rating: 2 Votes pianophile 27 weeks ago What does it take to get a deal on a gen2 watch? No problem, just wait 12 months. ;-) Rating: 1 Votes BeefCake 15 27 weeks ago ATV deal is rip off, 32GB went down to $99 with discounts before... Rating: 1 Votes kemal 27 weeks ago What does it take to get a deal on a gen2 watch? Rating: 1 Votes pdaholic 27 weeks ago These deals suck. Glad I snagged an iPad Air 2 from Target for $275 on Friday. Agreed! I got an Air 2 128GB from Best Buy for $375! *HIGH FIVE*!!! Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iPhone 8 Fall 2017 New design with full-front display and no Home button expected. HomePod December Siri-based speaker unveiled at WWDC, launching December 2017. iMac December High-end iMac Pro in Space Gray will start at $4999. More Blog Stories Pokémon Go Announces In-Game and Real Life Anniversary Events as Niantic Touts Apple's ARKit 21 minutes ago on iOS Blog It's just under a month until the one year anniversary of Pokémon Go, which began appearing on the iOS App Store in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand in early July of... 2 comments Apple's Concern With User Privacy Reportedly Stifling Siri Development 1 hour ago on iOS Blog Former Apple employees who worked on Siri believe the virtual assistant is struggling to catch up with its rivals because of a lack of ambitious goals stemming from the company's overarching... 33 comments WhatsApp Gains Photo Filters and Automatic Albums, 'Recall' Feature Reportedly Imminent 4 hours ago on iOS Blog WhatsApp gained a handful of new features this week, including photo filters, quick replies, and automatic albums in chat threads. The photo filters in WhatsApp 2.17.30 are similar to those... 4 comments Apple Opens Up HomeKit Platform To Make Smart Product Development Easier 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple has taken steps to make its HomeKit smart home platform more accessible to third parties in order to encourage faster adoption, the company announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference on... 13 comments OWC Confirms New Low-End 27-inch iMac Can Be Fitted With 64GB RAM 6 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple announced a refreshed range of iMacs during its keynote at the Worldwide Developers Conference this week, offering three stock configurations of the new 27-inch model with Kaby Lake processors,... 21 comments Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 32 With New Features for Safari 11 in macOS High Sierra 21 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced one year ago in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test... 18 comments Best Buy Offering Up to $50 Gift Card With Latest iPad Pro Models 21 hours ago on iOS Blog Best Buy has launched a limited time promotion offering customers up to a $50 Best Buy physical gift card with their pre-order of the latest iPad Pro models, announced at WWDC 2017 this week,... 31 comments Apple Watch on Track to Include Advanced Micro-LED Display 'As Soon As 2018' 22 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple's micro-LED plans are making headlines again today, with Nikkei quoting industry sources that believe the Cupertino company is still on track for a wide adoption of micro-LED screens in its... 38 comments • Apple Retains #3 Spot in Annual Fortune 500 Rankings (35) • Watch the Season Premiere of Apple's New 'Planet of the Apps' Series (48) • TrackR Launches New 'Pixel' Bluetooth Tracker With User-Replaceable Battery (16) • Logitech Debuts Slim Combo Case for 10.5-Inch and 12.9-Inch iPad Pro With Detachable Backlit Keyboard (44) • Apple Music Marketing Exec Bozoma Saint John Reportedly Leaving Apple for Uber [Updated] (63) • Mophie Launches Charge Force Cases for iPhone 7/7 Plus, Along With Attachable Powerstation Mini (10) • iPhone Can Scan QR Codes Directly in Camera App on iOS 11 (46)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Lowlander 2: Lowerlander' Soft Launches in New Zealand and the Philippines Out Now: 'Monument Valley 2', 'Farming Simulator 18', 'Super Nano Jumpers', 'Astro Crash', 'The Quest - Thor's Hammer', 'Pocket Claw', 'Art of Conquest' and More 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting a Better Tutorial, Charms, Runes, and Other Improvements 'Swing King and the Temple of Bling' Launching June 29th Latest 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Has You Discovering Cards from the Opponent's Class 'LEGO Quest & Collect' Has Soft Launched, Brings Along Plenty of Ways to Play YouTube Apple HomePod: What We Know! Hands-On with iOS 11! Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote in 7 Minutes! What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays HomePod iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS High Sierra macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 watchOS 4 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums HomePod watchOS 4 iOS 11 iPhone 7 iPhone 8 macOS High Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air macOS Sierra iOS 10 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Adds 21 New Aerial Screen Savers to Apple TV Friday December 16, 2016 11:39 am PST by Juli Clover One of the best features on the fourth-generation Apple TV is its high-quality aerial screen savers that play on the screen after a short period of inactivity. The Aerial screen saver option on the Apple TV features an aerial view of different locations around the world, which Apple has added to over time to keep content fresh. The Aerial screen saver picks a random video option from a data source maintained by Apple, and that data source was recently updated with 21 new screen savers. iDownloadBlog has parsed the data and shared direct links to each of the new screen savers that can be watched on iOS devices and Macs. Screen savers are time-based and show off various cities and locations in slow motion, with the lighting changing based on the time of day. New screen savers of video captured in China, Dubai, Greenland, Hong Kong, Liwa, and Los Angeles have been added. China: - Day 4 - Day 5 - Day 6 Dubai: - Day 1 - Day 2 - Day 3 - Day 4 - Night 1 - Night 2 Greenland: - Day 1 - Day 2 - Night 1 Hong Kong: - Day 1 - Day 2 - Day 3 - Night 1 Liwa (United Arab Emirates): - Day 1 Los Angeles (United States): - Day 1 - Day 2 - Day 3 - Night 1 These screen savers aren't likely to be immediately available to all users, as the Apple TV downloads new aerial content on a regular basis depending on your Apple TV settings. New screen savers can be set to download on a daily, weekly, or monthly basis in the Settings app on the Apple TV. [ 117 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Pootmatoot 25 weeks ago ('//www.macrumors.com/2016/12/16/apple-tv-new-aerial-screen-savers/') One of the best features on the fourth-generation Apple TV ('//www.macrumors.com/roundup/apple-tv/') is its high-quality aerial screen savers that play on the screen after a short period of inactivity. That's pretty damning... Rating: 32 Votes theLedger 25 weeks ago I wish you could select which ones to use. Sometimes there are different ones that I like to use based on what's going on (like hosting a party). Rating: 20 Votes PJWilkin 25 weeks ago I wish they'd officially bring these to the Mac .... Rating: 17 Votes NotTasty 25 weeks ago I hope they will save apple's screen business. Rating: 11 Votes mbezzo 25 weeks ago I've recently seen the Times Square aerial (but in daytime), used on a TV show. Also, these are digitally rendered right? I've never seen cars or people move in such a structured way, even in slow motion. [USER=1022208]@timmyh[/USER] is quick on the draw! These are all 100% live action slow motion video - no CG at all! :) I'm sure most of you know, but you can get these on your Mac with the Aerial Screensaver ('https://github.com/JohnCoates/Aerial'). Rating: 10 Votes TrueBlou 25 weeks ago That's pretty damning... Ha, I was thinking the exact same thing. Just how bad does Macrumors think the Apple TV is that the screen savers are one of its best features. I actually rather like my Apple TV (despite it's lack of 4K) I wouldn't rate the screensavers that highly, nice as they are :D Rating: 10 Votes l00pback 25 weeks ago niceeeeee. I like these but getting tired of the same old ones from 2015. I with you on this. As beautiful as the old ones are, I'm tired of watching them. Rating: 8 Votes NY Guitarist 25 weeks ago I like these screen savers, but as mentioned it would be nice to be able to select which plays. Even nicer would be able to create screensaver playlists. Rating: 7 Votes mgipe 25 weeks ago I like these. Sometimes the Apple screensaver is the best show on TV. Rating: 6 Votes irishv 25 weeks ago I just wish they would bring back the Flickr screensaver option. Rating: 6 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iPhone 8 Fall 2017 New design with full-front display and no Home button expected. HomePod December Siri-based speaker unveiled at WWDC, launching December 2017. iMac December High-end iMac Pro in Space Gray will start at $4999. More Blog Stories Pokémon Go Announces In-Game and Real Life Anniversary Events as Niantic Touts Apple's ARKit 21 minutes ago on iOS Blog It's just under a month until the one year anniversary of Pokémon Go, which began appearing on the iOS App Store in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand in early July of... 2 comments Apple's Concern With User Privacy Reportedly Stifling Siri Development 1 hour ago on iOS Blog Former Apple employees who worked on Siri believe the virtual assistant is struggling to catch up with its rivals because of a lack of ambitious goals stemming from the company's overarching... 33 comments WhatsApp Gains Photo Filters and Automatic Albums, 'Recall' Feature Reportedly Imminent 4 hours ago on iOS Blog WhatsApp gained a handful of new features this week, including photo filters, quick replies, and automatic albums in chat threads. The photo filters in WhatsApp 2.17.30 are similar to those... 4 comments Apple Opens Up HomeKit Platform To Make Smart Product Development Easier 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple has taken steps to make its HomeKit smart home platform more accessible to third parties in order to encourage faster adoption, the company announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference on... 13 comments OWC Confirms New Low-End 27-inch iMac Can Be Fitted With 64GB RAM 6 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple announced a refreshed range of iMacs during its keynote at the Worldwide Developers Conference this week, offering three stock configurations of the new 27-inch model with Kaby Lake processors,... 21 comments Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 32 With New Features for Safari 11 in macOS High Sierra 21 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced one year ago in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test... 18 comments Best Buy Offering Up to $50 Gift Card With Latest iPad Pro Models 21 hours ago on iOS Blog Best Buy has launched a limited time promotion offering customers up to a $50 Best Buy physical gift card with their pre-order of the latest iPad Pro models, announced at WWDC 2017 this week,... 31 comments Apple Watch on Track to Include Advanced Micro-LED Display 'As Soon As 2018' 22 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple's micro-LED plans are making headlines again today, with Nikkei quoting industry sources that believe the Cupertino company is still on track for a wide adoption of micro-LED screens in its... 38 comments • Apple Retains #3 Spot in Annual Fortune 500 Rankings (35) • Watch the Season Premiere of Apple's New 'Planet of the Apps' Series (48) • TrackR Launches New 'Pixel' Bluetooth Tracker With User-Replaceable Battery (16) • Logitech Debuts Slim Combo Case for 10.5-Inch and 12.9-Inch iPad Pro With Detachable Backlit Keyboard (44) • Apple Music Marketing Exec Bozoma Saint John Reportedly Leaving Apple for Uber [Updated] (63) • Mophie Launches Charge Force Cases for iPhone 7/7 Plus, Along With Attachable Powerstation Mini (10) • iPhone Can Scan QR Codes Directly in Camera App on iOS 11 (46)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Lowlander 2: Lowerlander' Soft Launches in New Zealand and the Philippines Out Now: 'Monument Valley 2', 'Farming Simulator 18', 'Super Nano Jumpers', 'Astro Crash', 'The Quest - Thor's Hammer', 'Pocket Claw', 'Art of Conquest' and More 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting a Better Tutorial, Charms, Runes, and Other Improvements 'Swing King and the Temple of Bling' Launching June 29th Latest 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Has You Discovering Cards from the Opponent's Class 'LEGO Quest & Collect' Has Soft Launched, Brings Along Plenty of Ways to Play YouTube Apple HomePod: What We Know! Hands-On with iOS 11! Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote in 7 Minutes! What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 08, 9:43 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple HomePod, Amazon Echo And How Streaming Music May Be The Key Difference By Suzanne Frey On 06/07/17 AT 3:00 PM Close This article originally appeared on the Motley Fool. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has officially stepped into the market for stationary speakers powered by virtual assistants, a product category that Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) pioneered in 2015 with the Echo. Amazon's Echo family continues to expand, recently adding the Echo Look and Echo Show. Apple has never put all that much weight into being the first to market provided it can be the best when it finally gets there. With that in mind, how does the new HomePod stack up against the dominant Echo? It's pricey at $349 For starters, consumers will have to consider the HomePod's premium price tag of $349. That's nearly twice the $180 that the standard Echo costs. Amazon also gets to benefit from falling costs, since the Echo came out a couple years ago, whereas Apple is now starting at the height of the HomePod's cost curve as a new product. • Motley Fool Issues Rare Triple-Buy Alert Of course, premium pricing is Apple's typical strategy, and the company attempts to justify this premium by saying that the combined cost of a Wi-Fi speaker and a smart speaker can easily run $400 to $700. That argument implies that the Echo's sound quality is rather poor, even if it's connected and smart. Other high-end systems, on the other hand, aren't connected and smart. Whether or not HomePod's sound quality can compete with other high-end Wi-Fi speakers remains to be seen, but the price tag is predicated on the hope that it can, especially since Apple is hoping that you buy several of them. Apple Music is a clear advantage Apple Music is already the second-largest paid music-streaming platform behind Spotify. Amazon bundles Prime Music into a Prime membership, but most people don't sign up for Prime for music streaming. Prime Music offers a paltry 2 million songs in its catalog, while Apple Music is now up to 40 million songs. HomePod's integration with Apple Music will be an advantage, particularly if the customer is already entrenched in Apple's ecosystem, subscribes to Apple Music, and places high priority on music streaming when buying a smart speaker. Playing catch-up Beyond the hardware and price, the real competition will ultimately boil down to how powerful each product's respective virtual assistants are, which also has implications beyond just this product category. • This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 Amazon has made incredible progress with building up an ecosystem of third-party Skills, which has helped cement Echo as one of the dominant smart home hubs currently available. Alexa now knows over 10,000 of such Skills (including The Motley Fool's!), up from just 1,000 Skills a year ago, and the catalog grows every week. Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Home is quickly trying to catch up with third-party Actions, but is nowhere near 10,000. The importance of third-party integrations cannot be understated. Any virtual assistant can do basic tasks like fetch stock prices, provide a weather forecast, or attempt to answer basic questions. The real strength of virtual assistants and the devices that they power comes from third-party developers. HomePod will support HomeKit, Apple's smart home platform, but HomeKit has been pretty underwhelming, even three years after introducing the application programming interface (API). Even popular smart home devices like Alphabet's Nest don't support HomeKit, although this could be a strategic competitive decision on Alphabet's part (Nest works with Alexa). • 7 of 8 People Are Clueless About This Trillion-Dollar Market The silver lining is that HomeKit works across a wider range of devices, while Alexa primarily powers just the Echo family. If Apple can put more concerted effort into growing its HomeKit ecosystem, it has much greater potential considering the larger installed base. But that's a pretty big if right about now. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Apple Reveals Siri-Powered HomePod Audio Speaker At WWDC 2017 Amazon's Newest Echo Will Have A Touchscreen Recommended Business Sears To Shut Down Over 70 Stores In January, Sears announced it would be shutting down 150 stores and, in May, added at least 30 more stores to that list. Technology ‘Kingdom Hearts III’ Actor Kills Dreams Of E3 Release Date Reveal ‘Kingdom Hearts III’ might have some sort of presence at E3 2017, but one of the game’s voice actors says we shouldn’t expect a release date reveal. Read the full disappointing tweet here. World Iran Blames Trump's Visit To Saudi For Tehran Attacks Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps blamed, in a statement, President Donald Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia last month, for Wednesday's twin terror attacks in Tehran. National How Much Did James Comey Make Before His Firing? Before Comey was removed from his position by President Donald Trump, the former FBI director was taking home a substantial paycheck. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Forum Topic: Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference by Karl Bode Wednesday Jun 07 2017 14:00 EDT Users in our Apple forum discuss all the announcements made at this week's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference, including a new iMac Pro, the latest macOS and iOS updates, Amazon's belated arrival to Apple TV, new augmented reality projects, as well as the unveiling of Apple's new Sonos, Amazon and Google smart speaker competitor, the HomePod. On a semi-related note, I still miss my Apple IIgs. tags: business · hardware · BBR-News · networking · consumers · Apple News Jump Report: US LTE Availability Improves, But Speeds Still Lag DirecTV Now Will Soon Only Work in Chrome BrowsersThursday Morning Links Mozilla Poll: Net Neutrality Has Broad, Bipartisan Support»Forum Topic: Apple's Worldwide Developer ConferenceUS 28th in Average Wireless Broadband SpeedsGoogle Fiber's Webpass Brings $60, Gigabit Wireless to SeattleAmazon, Reddit Join July 12 Net Neutrality 'Day of Action'Wide Open West Promises Not to Impose Usage CapsWednesday Morning Links ----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Thursday, 08-Jun 10:20:48 Hosted by Liquid Networks
Skip to main content Menu Order New iPad Pro | New iMac | New MacBook Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPad iOS 11 iOS 10 Apple Watch Series 2 Apple Watch MacBook Pro Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Wrist-based fitness Best health and fitness apps for Apple Watch By Mike Tanasychuk Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 at 10:00 am EDT 16 Comments What are the best fitness apps for Apple Watch? If you have an Apple Watch, then you have a world of fitness possibilities right on your wrist. With the built-in heart rate monitor, you'll be able to keep an eye on all manner of physical indicators in order to track workouts and get a better picture of your overall fitness. Here are the best health and fitness apps for Apple Watch! Activity Workout Gymaholic MyFitnessPal Strava Runkeeper Carrot Fit Activity The Activity app is baked right into Apple Watch and is the perfect foray into wrist-based fitness tracking. You essentially work towards your daily goals, completing each ring (and satisfyingly so). One ring is to help stave off a sedentary lifestyle by getting you to stand and walk around for a certain number of hours per day. You'll get notifications when you haven't moved in a while. The Move ring counts steps and helps you figure out how many calories you've burned, so you can walk or run toward your daily goal and complete that ring. The Activity app works together with the Workout app and the Health app on your iPhone to help you nail fitness goals and better your overall health. Apple Watch and activity tracking: 5 things you need to know! Workout The Workout app is Apple's native workout tracker, letting you track a few specific kinds of activities, like walking indoors or outdoors, cycling, rowing, stairs, swimming, and more. While you workout out, Workout uses motion data from your Apple Watch and iPhone to tell you how many calories you burned, distance covered, and other data. You can then view all of your stats and progress in the Health app on your iPhone. Activity and Workouts on Apple Watch: Ultimate guide Gymaholic I'll give you three guess as to who this app is for. Gymaholic employs augmented reality (AR) to show you how to perform various strength training exercises to help you execute proper form and sculpt those guns. When you look at your Apple Watch through your iPhone's camera, you'll see a little 3D-animated dude doing the exercise in question, so you can watch and learn. Gymaholic is also great for tracking all the other metrics that go along with physical fitness, like heart rate, calories burned, how much weight you lifted, and much more. If you want to keep track of your strength and its effect on your progress, Gymaholic is the best app for you. Free, IAPs - Download now MyFitnessPal MyFitnessPal is Under Armour's fitness app, designed to work in tandem with its suite of wearables, but it can also work on its own, on your iPhone and Apple Watch. With a focus on weight loss, MyFitnessPal helps you count calories, tracks your steps, create a diet plan, and keep track of your exercise progress with one goal in mind: a healthier you and a fitter body. You can even scan the barcodes of the foods you eat to add them to your diet plan in order to track caloric intake. Many MyFitnessPal features are free, but if you want to get more in-depth, you will have to pay for some premium features. If weight loss and healthy eating habits are your goals, then check this one out. It has over 412,000 five-star reviews on the App Store. Free, IAPs - Download now Strava Strava is the running app if you're serious about tracking your runs and your progress. Strava tracks your distance, pace, speed, elevation gained, calories burned, and more. You can even break down each run to see how you did in specific sections. You can then share your runs on social media and connect with fellow running enthusiasts in the Social Training section of the app. With the Apple Watch Series 2, you can even leave your phone at home and your data will still sync automatically upon your return. If you're serious about every aspect of every run, then you'll want to keep track of it with Strava and your Apple Watch. Free, IAPs - Download now Runkeeper Runkeeper is for runners who want to join a community and fully embrace running as a whole. You can track your runs, set goals for yourself, view progress, and view your routes thanks to the GPS integration. Runkeeper also lets you leave your phone at home, so you can just bring along your Apple Watch, and your data will automatically sync when you get home. Runkeeper's community is what keeps you going through all of your training. You can create running groups and challenge friends, while tracking each other's progress and cheering each other on. If you're looking for a running app that's part of a big community (over 50,000 runners), then check out Runkeeper. Free, IAPs - Download now Carrot Fit Carrot Fit is the hilarious fitness app that doesn't care about your damn feelings. It knows two things: you're out of shape, and it's going to get you into shape — whether you like it or not. You'll be threatened, inspired, ridiculed, and bribed into becoming the fittest you you can be. Carrot Fit is perfect for folks who just think they don't have enough time to work out, with its "7 Minutes in Hell Workout," which condenses a big workout program into a 7-minute barn burner that's riddled with pop culture references and sardonic humor. It's a routine that can be performed anywhere, with no equipment, so Carrot Fit won't take any excuses. If you work out hard enough and appease Carrot, she'll reward you with app upgrades, cat facts, and more funny incentives. Carrot Fit syncs with the Health app, so you'll be able to keep track of all of your weight data wherever you go. If you need some motivation or you need to have your ass whipped into shape by a sarcastic AI, then Carrot Fit is for you. $3.99, IAPs - Download now How does Apple Watch help you stay fit? Do you have a favorite Apple Watch fitness app? Sound off in the comments below! Apple Watch watchOS 3 review Apple Watch Series 2 review Apple Watch buyers guide Apple Watch users guide Apple Watch news Apple Watch discussion Buy at Apple Reader comments Best health and fitness apps for Apple Watch 16 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Adam Riggins "Runtastic is one of the most full featured weather apps from iPhone"... weather app? 1 2 years ago Reply Moodyz Maybe it makes you sweat so much you think it's raining. 0 2 years ago Reply paulmeyers42 Do third party fitness apps contribute to the activity ring, or do you have to use the built in activity app for that? Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply Bigeric23 That is a great question. If they don't contribute to your activity, I'm not sure I would want to waste time using them. (I don't need any more stress.) 0 2 years ago Reply carence23 I'm waiting on my watch to be delivered. Quick question, I downloaded an app called Gymaholic because it was updated with Apple Watch compatibility. But the app isn't showing up in the Watch App Store. Will that mean I can only get notifications until the app is developed for the watch? Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply MILE I would definitely put Endomondo (www.endomondo.com) on that list, my friends and I have been using that for a long time and it's a great and versatile fitness app that has just received an update to make it compatible with the Apple Watch. 0 2 years ago Reply chitoac#IM Does third party apps sync with activity app? And can they use the built in hearth sensor? 0 2 years ago Reply Oliver Tausend It depends. Runtastic (the standard app) does sync with the activity app, Strava, unfortunately, doesn't. Which is a shame. Why even offer a workout app for the watch in this case? 0 2 years ago Reply Erieg Ok, I am at a lose. I received the watch I ordered for my wife last night and found some issues. I have read the writers on this site.. ok one and it wasn't Allyson state this device "nails" fitness and how companies like FitBit are in for a fight. The most simple thing a tracker can track is steps and this watch doesn't do it. Steps??? sounds simple but its one of the main things she tracks. One other thing, no max heart rate. I think we (my wife and I) have been spoiled by companies like FitBit and Garmin that give us very detailed information that we are able to view and track on a website instead of limited data viewable on the watch/phone. She loves the watch for everything else but the built in fitness apps are a joke. 0 2 years ago Reply Erieg I am an idiot. Please disregard what I have said or will say in the future. (PSA) 0 2 years ago Reply trifusion Great free strength training app for Apple Watch: www.body-pro.com -1 2 years ago Reply Indefatigable Media Watch Workouts was designed from the ground up to give an ergonomic, impactful and flexible workout experience on the watch and on iOS (www.getwatchworkouts.com) 1 2 years ago Reply lina linda Great article! It's amazing to see how many other companies understand right away that the Apple Watch is going to be huge in healthcare, both for doctors and patients. http://www.healthfitnss.com/ 0 2 years ago Reply Oliver Tausend Unfortunately, Strava is pretty useless on the Watch because any Strava activity started on the watch doesn't count against your daily goals. Lately, I did a 45 km MTB-ride, calorie count and training time count didn't move at all although the Strave iPhone app has all Health app permissions. Runtastic on the watch, on the other hand, is integrated with the watch's calorie and training time count, but just the Runtastic standard app. The Runtastic mountain bike app doesn't even exist on the watch. 0 2 years ago Reply arsook Unfortunately, until Apple fixes its resting calorie problem the apple tracker is pretty useless. When your resting calories are over 2700 for a 5 foot 7 woman there is a big problem. It is really annoying and I am deeply disappointed in using the watch as any kind of tracker. When I use it for indoor cycling it gives me 25 to 30% total calories (resting plus exercise calories) less than my heart rate monitor and Digifit App. 1 1 year ago Reply skiin007 ditto:( 0 1 year ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order New iPad Pro | New iMac | New MacBook Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPad iOS 11 iOS 10 Apple Watch Series 2 Apple Watch MacBook Pro Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Going modern PSA: 2015 13-inch MacBook Pro has been discontinued By Joseph Keller Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 at 10:39 am EDT 0 Comments Apple has discontinued the 2015 model of the 13-inch MacBook Pro. The computer has been removed from Apple's online store, though the 15-inch 2015 MacBook Pro is still available for those that need its features. Now, if you want a 13-inch MacBook Pro, you'll need to get one of this year's new models, which include two configurations with a more traditional function key row, as well as two configurations with the Touch Bar. This year's MacBook Pro models also feature an updated processor, utilizing Intel's Kaby Lake lineup. See at Apple Reader comments PSA: 2015 13-inch MacBook Pro has been discontinued 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order New iPad Pro | New iMac | New MacBook Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPad iOS 11 iOS 10 Apple Watch Series 2 Apple Watch MacBook Pro Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Out with the old iMac 2017 review: Brighter, more colorful, faster, and more powerful By Rene Ritchie Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 at 11:01 am EDT 9 Comments Rene Ritchie has been covering the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial Director at Mobile Nations, analyst at iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him @reneritchie on Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter. It's iMac, only better. Three years ago Apple introduced the 5K iMac with Retina display. Two years ago Apple introduced the smaller 4K iMac with Retina display and gave both DCI-P3 wide color. Now Apple is taking those displays, and the iMac in general, to the next level. In some ways, it's analogous to how macOS High Sierra refines the Sierra experience. These are all iMacs, all mature products, and the overall experience of using them is exactly what you'd expect. Only better. The displays are the same size, density, and depth, but even brighter and more colorful. The graphics card is faster. Intel finally got its Kaby Lake act together, so iMac is now on the 7th-generation Core-series processor. Memory can go higher. Storage is going faster. Ports now include USB-C / Thunderbolt 3. And even the Magic Keyboard can have a little more magic if you like — an extended numeric keypad. All of it still bound in the same razor-thin aluminum and glass enclosure, starting at $1099 for 1080p, and $1299 for Retina 4K. See at Apple About this review Imagine you get called to Lamborghini, told there's a new edition of your beloved hypercar coming out, and that you have 12 hours to drive it and write it up. Now imagine that but with new iMacs. Circumstances don't let you test the machine over time, but do force you to use every ounce of experience and insight you've earned over the last decade, testing and writing about and Apple products day in, day out, to push it as fast and as hard as you can and see what you learn. Since Apple not only announced the new iMacs but announced that they were immediately available for sale, it's my job to do whatever I can to give you the best buying advice I can as fast as I can. Here it is. For people who want: The best damn display in the business. Ridiculously fast storage options. USB-C / Thunderbolt 3 ports All-in-one design. Not for people who want: Nvidia graphics. Touch screen. Touch Bar and Touch ID. Modular, tower-style enclosure. In brief In an age where the vast majority of people buy laptops, desktop computers have to make stronger and even more compelling reasons to remain relevant. For iMac, that begins and largely ends with the display. Sure, you can get graphics and memory configurations beyond anything currently available on MacBook Pro, but it's that big, beautiful, Apple-branded display that still has many of us at "Hello". And this year it's brighter and more colorful than ever. Kaby Lake offers fine improvements, even in the age where power efficiency has eclipsed performance, and the Radeon graphics cards are so new I think Apple might have said more about them than AMD at this point. Add to that the flexibility of USB-C and Thunderbolt 3, and the ability to run macOS, Unix/Linux, and Windows, and you once again have the absolute best all-in-one on the market. At least, until iMac Pro ships. 😎 That display though It often seems like iMac begins and ends with that display. At 21.5 inches for the 1080p and 4K and 27 inches for the 5K, it's easy to see why: It's so big, so lush, and so engrossing that everything else disappears. It's almost surreal. When I first saw Retina on iMac, I thought it almost looked better than real life. Then, when I saw DCI-P3 Retina, I was fairly sure it looked better. Now that it's 43% brighter — 500 nits if you're keeping score — and implements 10-bit dithering for a billion colors, I'm convinced. It doesn't just look true to life. It looks truer to life. DCI-P3 really helped out with the reds and greens. But in some ways it was a mixed blessing: If your image was bad, you could really see it was bad. Now, 10-bit dithering makes sure all those reds, greens, and every color around and in between transitions smoothly and with no unsightly banding or stepping. The way it works is that 10-bit color information is sent to the TCON (Apple's custom timing controller), which then dithers it specially and temporally for display on the 8-bit panel. So, even if your image is bad, it looks as good as it possibly can. There's still no multitouch on the screen, of course. Microsoft might have made a similar-looking Surface Studio that folds down into a giant touch canvas, but Apple is sticking to its story that Macs are ergonomically ill-suited for touch, and macOS is optimized for a mouse and pointer, not a finger. Since I grew up using mouse-and-pointer computers, I never find myself reaching to touch my iMac display. Kids who grew up using iPads might, though. Considering Apple already has an extremely popular touch-first computing platform with iOS and iPad Pro, it makes little sense to expend the engineering resources to retrofit touch displays onto the Mac. Especially given how good the force touch trackpads are. Still, I wonder if enabling just touch navigation on Mac displays would be a convenient way forward. Especially for iMacs used in public settings and as kiosks. Swipe, pinch, poke would likely cover 80% or more of common touch use cases, and without the pain Microsoft experienced through Windows 8. Then, if Apple wanted to do a full touch 27-inch device, I'm sure many graphic artists and illustrators wouldn't mind an even larger iPad Pro. As it is, for everything from photo and video editing to podcasting to basic daily productivity, iMac works exactly how I expect a traditional computer to work. The new graphics normal The 1080p version of the 21.5-inch iMac comes with Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640. Once you step up to the 4K version, though, you immediately get discreet graphics: Radeon Pro 555 with Polaris architecture and 2GB of video memory. You can build-to-order (BTO) that up to Radeon Pro 560 with 4GB video memory and, for the 27-inch, 5K model, Radeon Pro 580 with 8GB video memory. It's enough of a boost, even comparing these models to the last ones, that if you were hitting the performance ceiling before, you'll now have some room to breathe. Or just room to do even more and hit the higher ceiling. That includes, of course, editing in Final Cut Pro X, rendering 3D, and even gaming. On average, I'm expecting up to a 2x improvement. I'm seeing just under that for video right now, but Apple says gaming and 3D are at least that, if not more. The bigger news, at least for me, is Metal 2. Apple already flattened OpenGL down to a much faster framework a couple years ago. Now it's redoubling that performance. Literally. It's enough to enable virtual reality (VR) on the Mac. I got to try out the Final Cut Pro X demo using an HTC Vive headset and it was striking. Apple's focusing first and foremost on VR content creation, but existing VR content should start appearing in time. It remains to be seen if the Mac gets the big VR games, like the recently released Star Trek Bridge Crew, and how they'll perform. But I hope it does and they do well. I don't want to maintain a separate PC or have to navigate Windows 10 just to game in VR. With Metal 2 and the also just-announced eGPU options coming later, the future is looking promising. Kaby Lake: The desktop story Kaby Lake Macs are here. "Finally". I snark-quoted that because Apple's very polite when it comes to explaining why Kaby Lake Macs were so long in coming. The company simply says they're here now and hope the recent updates speak to Apple's dedication to the Mac as a platform. Anyone who's been watching, though, knows the longer gaps between some of the more popular Macs aren't just because of Apple. They're at least partially because of Intel. Apple can't ship a computer with a chipset that doesn't exist. Two years ago, Apple couldn't even bump the 21.5-inch iMac because Intel hadn't made an updated version of the chip Apple used for that machine. Last year, some Kaby Lake chips shipped but not all of them, including the 4-core versions and versions with the graphics options Apple wants for iMac. It affects features too. iMacs used to support target display mode so they could be used as a monitor for other Macs. Intel kept delaying the integration of 5K-capable DisplayPort — and continues to delay it — and so Apple had to make it work without Intel. And those architectural realities created debt we're still all paying. Flash forward two and a half years later and we still don't have target display port back. But now, Kaby Lake Macs are here. So, what does that mean for iMac? It's a good question, since recent processor generations have been more about power efficiency than power. Kaby Lake does increase both the baseline and turbo frequencies for the Mac, so you can go a bit faster. If benchmarks are your thing, Geekbench put my entry-level 1080p iMac review unit at 4,595 for single core, 9,531 for multi-core, and 28,216 for OpenCL. My maxed-out 4K iMac review unit at 4,865 for single core, 14,111 for multi-core, and 55,885 for OpenCL. Power efficiency also helps, even on a desktop. A big part of the reason is the new, built-in hardware acceleration for H.265 (which I still have a hard time calling by its marketing name, HEVC). The successor to H.264, it allows for much more efficient video playback, including 4K video. On a MacBook, that translates to longer battery life. On an iMac, though, it translates into lower processor overhead. So instead of your 4K software-decoded video pegging the CPU and slowing down everything else you're doing, it just hums along and lets you do all sorts of other tasks at the same time. The 21.5-inch model comes with a 2.3GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz. The maxed-out 21.5-inch model comes, BTO, with a 3.6GHz quad-core Intel Core i7, Turbo Boost up to 4.2GHz. The maxed out 27-inch, BTO, a 4.2GHz quad-core Intel Core i7, Turbo Boost up to 4.5GHz. If you already have Skylake, you'll have to weigh the differences in processing and graphics power to see if the upgrade make sense for you. If you have Broadwell or earlier, though, it's compelling. More than just speed deep Beyond the processor, Apple's also switched iMac to DDR4 memory, and you can stuff up to 32GB in the 21.5-inch models and up to 64GB in 27-inch models. Fusion Drive is now standard on all higher-end 21.5-inch iMacs, and all 27-inch iMacs. Once I went SSD, though, I couldn't go back. Fusion Drive is a good compromise for those who want fast initial storage but are ok with bigger, if slower, second-stage storage. But I want it all blazingly fast, all the time. And I'll hang platters off the USB or TB ports for backups and larger volume storage. That's why I'm particularly thrilled Apple's made SSD 50% faster in iMac now as well. And you can max it out at 2TB, Ports, only faster In addition to the hold-over 3.5 mm headphone jack, SDXC card reader, 4x USB-A, and Ethernet ports, iMac now gets two of the USB-C /Thunderbolt 3 ports that debuted on the new MacBook Pro. They support DisplayPort, Thunderbolt up to 40Gbps, USB 3.1 (up to 10 Gbps) and, with adapters, can handle Thunderbolt 2, HDMI, DVI, and VGA as well. SDXC is the thing I've missed most from the new MacBook Pro so, I'm thrilled Apple's kept it on iMac. Otherwise, I'm all in on USB-C / TB 3. Sure, the USB consortium may change standards again in the future, but until they do, these are forward-thinking ports that'll enable everything from 5K displays to eGPU for a long time to come. Keyboard, only extended I've never liked numerical keyboards. They got in the way of where I wanted my trackpad to be. I was happy when I thought Apple had killed them. But my use case isn't everyone's use case, so, much less selfishly, I'm even happier they're back. Enjoy, spread-sheeters! Of course, I would have been even happier had Apple introduced a Touch Bar- and Touch ID-equipped version of the Magic Keyboard. Having sometimes arcane keyboard shortcuts and buried controls surfaced right atop the keyboard is convenient, but fingerprint login and authentication are becoming must-haves for me. Since the iMac keyboard is a separate bit of electronics, conceivably it could be updated again with the touch twins at any time. I'm just hoping that's sooner rather than later. Welcome to 2017, iMac! I had the opportunity to spend some extra time with the new entry-level iMac. At $1099 for 1080p and a traditional, 5400 rpm hard drive, it feels like the MacBook Air of iMacs. Again, if you've already gone Retina, discreet graphics, and SSD like me, you can't go back. With the 4K iMac starting at just $1299, that'd be my instant, emphatic recommendation for anyone who has the extra 200 bucks to spend. If you're buying in volume, if you're looking for a kiosk, or if you're considering a Mac mini for a student but really want an all-in-one, or you simply need the lowest price possible for an iMac, the 1080p is better than it was before. Noticeably. If you can find the extra money, though, the 4K is beyond worth it. The 5K, even more so. Combined, they make 2017 a solid year with solid upgrades to all the components that matter most — the ones that make iMac such an enthralling, compelling desktop experience. And we haven't even gotten to iMac Pro yet! See at Apple WWDC 2017 Everything at WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017 Liveblog What to expect from WWDC 2017 Best events to attend iOS 11 macOS 10.13 watchOS 4 tvOS 11 Discussion forums Reader comments iMac 2017 review: Brighter, more colorful, faster, and more powerful 9 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Moodyz Will probably be ordering this in the coming month - 27", CPU maxed out to the i7 option, probably 32GB memory (Apple's RAM prices are still insane, hence why I'm hesitant of going all the way to 64GB), and probably the Radeon 580 even though the lesser option will be adequate enough for my needs. Should be enough for me for the next 3+ years. Recently upgraded my camera (Fujifilm GFX 50s) and the increased pixel count has put a strain on my old 13" MBP (pre-TouchBar era), especially during RAW workflow in Lightroom. Being mainly a stills photographer with no interest in video, the upcoming iMac Pro will probably be overkill for me anyway. Two thing's with the new iMac I'm a bit bummed about; 1. Card reader isn't UHS II like in the upcoming iMac Pro. A bit of a shame since my camera uses UHS II cards. Not a deal breaker though, since I can just plug the camera in directly via USB 3 to transfer files. 2. Doesn't come in Space Gray :( Will wait it out a bit and read impressions from photography forums, mainly to see how well the display calibrates, but I'm optimistic on that front. Also nice that Apple made the sane decision to keep some legacy USB ports. Won't be needing stinking dongles for my USB DAC/Amp and Wacom tablet, or even to charge my iPhone, for that matter. Phew. 0 21 hours ago Reply iSRS I'm with you. July, likely. I want a 21/5", but it doesn't have the storage options I want. I will "settle" for fusion, because I want my Photos Library on the main device. This is also why I am considering "skimping" on the RAM. If 16 GB is two 3 GB dimms, I will go that option and then get two 16 GB sims fo 0 18 hours ago Reply Linotype Lots of new stuff added, that's great, but why can't the user of the 21.5" STILL not be able to add memory later? 0 18 hours ago Reply iSRS It may not seem like it takes up much space, but I am guessing that to achieve the dimensions they want, with heat sinks, etc, every millimeter is at a premium. It's the same reason that the 27" iMac will/does have it, but the iMac Pro will not. 0 14 hours ago Reply Deebi27 Everything is coming up roses for the Mac line! iMac looks great and I love my long keyboard, BUT I want an update to the Mac Mini! I have just never been a fan of a laptop. Mac Mini update, please! 0 17 hours ago Reply iSRS New mini in 2018 when the new Mac Pro is released EDIT: Also, I think that is when there will be a TouchBar keyboard 0 14 hours ago Reply Deebi27 Thanks, I can only hope! Was hoping this year :( 0 6 hours ago Reply delta4s Me too! Mac Mini please! 0 12 hours ago Reply k_r Thanks for the excellent review, Rene! I would like to buy this new iMac, but I also want to use it as an external monitor. You're saying "Apple had to make it work without Intel". Can you explain this in more detail, please? Thank you in advance! 0 6 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order New iPad Pro | New iMac | New MacBook Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPad iOS 11 iOS 10 Apple Watch Series 2 Apple Watch MacBook Pro Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Radar or GTFO File radars early and often: The importance of bug reporting By Rene Ritchie Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 at 12:05 pm EDT 0 Comments Rene Ritchie has been covering the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial Director at Mobile Nations, analyst at iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him @reneritchie on Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter. Why should you file radars? To show Apple, given finite resources, what aspects of your shared customer experience they need to prioritize fixing. Now. There's a longstanding debate in the Apple developer community over the value of filing bugs through the Apple Bug Reporter system, commonly known as radar. Some believe it's invaluable, the only way to give Apple the feedback they need to ensure bugs get fixed. Others believe it's valueless, a black hole from which little action or satisfaction ever escapes. I'm not a developer but for the last few of years I've made it a personal imperative to file radars for every workaround and wish-list I write here on iMore. Since public betas have started, I've also tried to file for all the major issues I hit on those. Most have come back as dupes, some have been followed up on and fixed. Based on the conversations I've had with developers, though, both points of view are certainly valid. So why should developers file anyway? Bug reporting is no different than any other aspect of any other relationship with Apple — it exists to serve Apple's best interests. Bugs hurt the experience of Apple's customers — which are also your customers — and it's in Apple's best interests to have you find and report as many bugs as possible so that the most critical ones can be fixed. That last part is important to keep in mind. Apple's engineering load has scaled significantly over the last few years. There are now four platforms shipping, over a billion devices on the market, and over two million apps in the App Store. This week, Apple released betas for iOS 11, macOS High Sierra, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11. That means a lot of new bugs for a lot of your customers. That's an incredible number of fixes that need to be screened and prioritized and, yes, fixed. Early and often Like any company, despite their size, Apple is time and resource constrained. There are only so many engineers that can be thrown at platform release. Which is coming like a freight train this fall. Soon enough, the priority will begin and end with showstoppers that prevent software from shipping. At that point, the glitches, no matter how maddening, will get deferred. It's simple project management. Apple has to fix the bugs that can't be worked around before fixing the bugs that can. And they have to fix the bugs that affect a lot of people before fixing the bugs that affect relatively few. Right now, though, right when the first betas hit, there's some breathing room. And that's where radar comes in. If someone at Apple wants to get a bug fixed, they need a radar to point to. If they want to get a bug fixed as a matter of priority, they need a lot of radars to point to. Otherwise, they simply won't be given the time to do it. That's also why it's meaningless whether or not someone else has already found and filed the same bug. First, if everyone assumed that, no bugs would be filed. Second, duplicate filings can be considered like "up votes" that, in volume, shift priority more than they do individually. A bug that nobody's filed is dark matter. A bug that only one person has filed is a tiny speck of light. A bug that's duped by dozens of people is a glow. By hundreds or more, neon. Radars and dupes can also provide additional information. Even for known bugs, it's entirely possible the engineer assigned to it hasn't yet figured out a good fix. Seeing something in a radar or a dupe's description or sample project could potentially help make everything fall into place. The greater the number of dupes, the greater that potential. Radar silence What radars and dupes can't do is start a conversation. Radar was never designed to be personable. It doesn't thank developers for their troubleshooting. It doesn't acknowledge the time and effort people put into filing bugs and providing sample projects. It doesn't give scores or points to tally. It certainly doesn't guarantee any particular bug will be addressed even months or years later. And if addressed, it doesn't guarantee anyone outside Apple will know about it. Sometimes bugs get fixed under circumstances that can't be disclosed, in beta software or in code that supports unannounced hardware. Sometimes bugs don't get fixed at all because resources are being spent fixing bugs far more critical. Sometimes, many times, it really is a black hole. That can be infuriating to a degree that some developers want to rage quit the system. After having talked to a number of people, however, and repeatedly getting similar answers, I feel it's safe to say this — to the engineers and managers at Apple, radar remains incredibly valuable. While radar is best viewed as a machine that efficiently, ruthlessly logs all bugs, even if the less critical among them never seem to get addressed, the people on the other side are still very much human beings. They care. Some of them come from indie dev backgrounds and know just exactly what filing a radar feels like from the outside. Others know just exactly what filing hundreds if not thousands of radars feels like from the inside. All of them have lists of bugs they want to fix and people who want them fixed yesterday. Getting anything added to those lists is tough. Getting anything pushed up those lists is tougher still. Without radars and dupes, it's effectively impossible. Get the filings out Yes, there are problems with radar. There isn't enough feedback, even automated. Simple status updates can never appear. The system itself is old. Yet Apple has started to make progress on a lot of that. The website has gotten a makeover. Hopefully, that will continue. The Bug Reporter can't and shouldn't be a developer relations tool, yet Apple does need to find a better way to make sure no developer ever feels, literally, like they've fallen off the radar. So, if you are a developer working on iOS 11, macOS High Sierra, watchOS 4, or tvOS 11 apps and you're encountering bugs, please consider filing radars early and filing often. Even if you never hear back about them, there are people working on those operating systems right now, people who want to make great software and provide for great experiences — people who will deeply appreciate the radars you file, and you having their backs. So, file early. File often. Thank you. WWDC 2017 Everything at WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017 Liveblog What to expect from WWDC 2017 Best events to attend iOS 11 macOS 10.13 watchOS 4 tvOS 11 Discussion forums Reader comments File radars early and often: The importance of bug reporting 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Speaking in Tech: Blame millennials for customer engagement upheaval Cloud VMs without firewalls sound nutty, right? That's what Digital Ocean sold … HPE ignored SAN failure warnings at Australian Taxation Office, had no recovery plan Did someone say server sales are crappy? Yes, nearly everyone Apple appears to relax ban on apps fetching, running extra code – remains aloof as always Microsoft SCOM crashed some web apps, but the fix didn't fix it Hotel guest goes broke after booking software gremlin makes her pay for strangers' rooms Microsoft totters from time machine clutching Windows 10 Workstation Ex-SpaceX avionics tech loses safety certificate-forging wrongful dismissal lawsuit Paxo trashes privacy, social media and fake news at Infosec 2017 Most vulnerabilities first blabbed about online or on the dark web US spook-sat buzzed the International Space Station So despite all the cash ploughed into big data, no one knows how to make it profitable HPE: You're rubbish at hybrid cloud – so we'll cook a NüStack to fix it HPE claims new gen-10 ProLiants have more mem persistence, more secure server firmware Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? State of DevOps: Everyone's slinging code out faster First-day-on-the-job dev: I accidentally nuked production database, was instantly fired How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Policy The Channel Live blog: Fired FBI director spills the beans to Senate committee Spy commissioners: Did we audit our bulk data sharing with industry? Err... not exactly Nuns chastise Google and Eric names Larry greatest human alive HPE to staff: 'We are PERMANENTLY clipping your costs' State senator sacked by broadband biz Frontier after voting in favor of broadband competition When can real-world laws invade augmented reality fantasies? A trial in Milwaukee will decide Dish Network hit with $280 MEEELLION fine for relentless robocalling Apple gives world ... umm ... not much new actually Geek's Guide Feeling old? Well, we're older than that: Newly found Homo sapiens jaw dates back 350k years Busted Russian casino hackers had an appetite for drugs and chocolate Meteor swarm spawns new and dangerous branch Two hot Jupiters around two similar stars orbiting at similar distances look similar, right? WRONG Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Infosec guru Schneier: Govts WILL intervene to regulate Internet of Sh!t The harsh reality of Apple's augmented reality toolset ARKit: It's an incredible battery hog Would you let DJ E-to-the-Musk set the playlist for your roadtrip? EU, China may demand concessions for Qualcomm's $39bn Dutch chip plant slurp Verity Stob Hyperloop One teases idea of 50-minute London-Edinburgh ride Class clowns literally classless: Harvard axes meme-flinging morons Oil and lube firm offers to ease pains of frustrated office workers Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop 11 Software Apple appears to relax ban on apps fetching, running extra code – remains aloof as always Arbitrary exes, no, but friendlier rules for dev tools 7 Jun 2017 at 18:49, Thomas Claburn Analysis In conjunction with the commencement of its Worldwide Developer Conference and the release of developer builds of planned operating system updates, Apple has revised its Developer Program license agreement, for better or worse. It could be either, given that Apple itself decides when its rules get applied and how they get enforced. And Apple does not provide guidance to clarify the extent of its rules, at least publicly. The Register asked Apple to explain the new cruelty, and you know how that goes. However, several software makers who spoke with The Register believe the changes are for the better and will allow a broader range of apps to be created. Developer Anders Borum, creator of iOS Git client Working Copy, called out the changed wording via Twitter on Monday, suggesting the revised language will help makers of iOS development tools. The portion of the agreement at issue, Section 3.3.2, outlines the circumstances under which applications can download and run executable code and interpreted code. Executable code refers to code that can be run directly – compiled binary files – and interpreted code refers to code that must be processed by an interpreter to generate an executable form. Code written in JavaScript, Lua, and Python, for example, is interpreted. Borum, in an email to The Register, explained that Apple for years has prohibited apps from downloading new behavior as binary code or an interpreted script, presumably as a security precaution. "For programming environment apps that allow editing and executing programs in some language (Pythonista for Python, Codea for Lua) this is a serious restriction," Borum said. "These apps are allowed to include example programs and they can let the user type in arbitrarily complex programs, but such an app could not make it easy to import source code." Borum contends this policy has held back iOS apps focused on programming because many of them, in the absence of clear guidance from Apple, have had trouble getting through the App Review process. "But even more than hurting the existing development apps, these rules have deterred any larger efforts to make development tools on iOS," said Borum. "It is very risky to invest lots of money on a project that might not even be allowed on the App Store. The Swift Playgrounds apps would not be allowed by a third-party developer." One company that suffered from these rules is Rollout.io, which offered a hot-patching service that allowed developers to inject code into approved apps, to revise interfaces, fix bugs, and implement other changes. In March, Apple began cracking down on hot-patching, a decision that a month later forced Rollout.io to abandon that particular approach and start anew with a service called Rox. Erez Rusovsky, CEO of Rollout, in an email to The Register, said he wasn't certain whether the revisions would make the old incarnation of Rollout acceptable to Apple. "This is a difficult question to answer because the changes are open to interpretation, and because Apple has not made itself available to us to clarify its policies," said Rusovsky. "In fact, we felt that the policy always did allow Rollout and other hot patching solutions, and still should. Apple did not change its guidelines in March when it notified Rollout customers that apps built on our framework would not be allowed in the App Store. In fact, it only reinterpreted the guidelines already in place. The portion of the guidelines that most directly impacts Rollout [Section 3.3.2, along with separate App Store Guidelines, Section 2.5.2] did not change then, or now." Rusovsky observed that Section 3.3.2 of the Developer Program license agreement previously said apps may not download or install executable code, except through Apple's WebKit or JavaScriptCore, which the disallowed version of Rollout used. What's new, Rusovsky said, is that Apple no longer specifies allowable Javascript frameworks. "Instead of making an exception only for code downloads via Apple's built-in WebKit framework or JavaScriptCore, Apple now has opened the ability to download code to any Javascript framework," he said. "The change does seem to loosen the requirement on downloaded code, specifically around the framework and language of the downloaded interpreted code, which means that other scripting languages not using Javascript language are allowed for injection, such as Lua, RubyMotion, and the like." Next page: Apple's rules Page: 1 2 Next → Tips and corrections 11 Comments MORE Apple Ios Developer Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Apple finally teaches Android music app to validate certificates Cupertino's so keen on Android it took eight months to repair interception bug 3 Comments Apple fights off iTunes patent spat appeal That bit where you said we didn't have to give them $500m – stick with that 7 Comments Apple blocks comms-snooping malware Leaked developer certificate revoked, protection updated 12 Comments Nokia, Apple lawyers make peace over nasty IP wrangle Unspecified lump sum heading for Finland 24 Comments Apple asks FCC to let it run mm-wave tests - for backhaul?! No, Apple is not practicing to be carrier. This is how you horn in on 5G 10 Comments Apple kills its Stores 18 Comments Whitepapers Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. Rethinking Enterprise Data Management: A 360-Degree View Learn how to ensure the sort of data visibility, resiliency, protection, and optimized access that's required to make effective use of your data. Most read Break crypto to monitor jihadis in real time? Don't be ridiculous, say experts Ex-MI5 boss: People ask, why didn't you follow all these people ... on your radar? Hand in your notice – by 2022 there'll be 350,000 cybersecurity vacancies Hotel guest goes broke after booking software gremlin makes her pay for strangers' rooms NSA leaker bust gets weirder: Senator claims hacking is wider than leak revealed Spotlight At the feet of the Great Monad, or, How the functional programming craze plays out Distro watch for Ubuntu lovers: What's ahead in Linux land The eternal battle for OpenStack's soul will conclude in three years. Again Bye bye MP3: You sucked the life out of music. But vinyl is just as warped Kill Google AMP before it KILLS the web Windows 10: Triumphs and tragedies from Microsoft Build The real battle of Android's future – who controls the updates Sorry Google, it's boring old workloads that are pumping up AWS and Azure, not sexy AI Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news and views for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Skip to main content Menu Order New iPad Pro | New iMac | New MacBook Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPad iOS 11 iOS 10 Apple Watch Series 2 Apple Watch MacBook Pro Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search 🎉🎉🎉 And the 2017 Apple Design Award winners are... By Rene Ritchie Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 at 2:00 pm EDT 4 Comments Rene Ritchie has been covering the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial Director at Mobile Nations, analyst at iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him @reneritchie on Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter. This year Apple decided to ADA different. Here's why and who won! Instead of the traditional award show on Monday night, which was great in the moment but often got buried beneath all the keynote news, Apple handed out the Design Awards (ADA) in a small, private ceremony where the developers got to meet with Craig Federighi and other executives. Now, with the keynote safely behind them, Apple is launching the ADAs to the public with a brand new website and a proper moment for each and every one of the winners — and their apps — to shine. I had the opportunity to meet with the winners, talk to them about their apps, and hear many of their stories. What struck me about each and every one was how above and beyond they went to make great experiences for as many customers as possible. They all thought deeply not just about the app or game's primary function, but about using Apple frameworks in new and novel ways. Localization was also high on every list, with translations for half a dozen or more geographies — even 32 in one case! Likewise accessibility. Making great apps means making them great for everyone, and more and more developers are doing just that. Apple uses the ADAs not just to recognize the great apps of the past year but to point the way for next year as well. It's a powerful, influential podium. And, certainly, Apple favors those who build expressly for — even only for — iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. But I don't think it's a coincidence that the the developers who care most about their work want to use the technologies that provide the best, most native experience. Apple's not saying if future ADAs will remain like this, revert to the award show format, and be entirely different again next year. I for one liked the change, even if I missed seeing the heads of evangelism and developer relations up on stage hosting, and the winners racing up to claim their glowing cubes. The spotlight on stage is instant gratification, though. Here's hoping this and other media spotlights today provide longer and more global exposure. Check out Apple's new Design Award Page for details on all the winners, or just tap the list below to start downloading and enjoying! Blackbox (USA): A forth-wall busting, mind-enveloping puzzle game of iPhone. Splitter Critters (Canada): Arcade style action that's so engrossing you'll be tearing through it for hours. Literally. Mushroom 11 (USA): It's a platformer. No, it's a puzzler. No, it's action. No, strategy. No… it's all that and more. Old Man's Journey (Austria): Landscape-shifting, puzzle-solving, emotionally touching, Old Man yelling… for you to start playing. Severed (Canada): What's a few chopped off creature parts as power-ups between friends, right? Right? Lake (Slovenia): Coloring isn't just for kids any more. Not since adults figured out how soothing and relaxing it could be. Bear (Italy): Sometimes Apple Sherlocks apps by building them into the OS. Other times developers Moriatry apps by making versions so good they replace the built-ins. Kitchen Stories (Germany): Because everyone should be able to cook a delicious meal. Things 3 (Germany): Take a task manager and polish it to perfect. Then iterate it thrice. Elk (Singapore): If you travel between countries and need to know currency conversions, you need this. Enlight (Israel): Photo editing that's as powerful as it is elegant. Try the 3D. Trust me. AirMail 3 (Italy): Because email doesn't have to be stuck in the 1990s. WWDC 2017 Everything at WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017 Liveblog What to expect from WWDC 2017 Best events to attend iOS 11 macOS 10.13 watchOS 4 tvOS 11 Discussion forums Reader comments And the 2017 Apple Design Award winners are... 4 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating returnmyjedi "This year Apple decided to ADA different." What has the English language ever done to you to deserve such brutal treatment? 0 14 hours ago Reply yertle I'm guessing he's in a rush because of WWDC. But, also, it's "fourth wall", not "forth" 0 9 hours ago Reply cmdacos It's wannabe hipster speak for the pretentious. Us common folk don't understand all the things... 0 6 hours ago Reply Swift2001 Neologism. It happens all the time. It's a pun. It's a sign that Engish is a living language used by live people who speak it. It's not the greatest pun I've ever heard, kind of a dad joke pun... 0 10 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order New iPad Pro | New iMac | New MacBook Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPad iOS 11 iOS 10 Apple Watch Series 2 Apple Watch MacBook Pro Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Let's break it down 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch 2017 iPad Pro FAQ: Everything you need to know! By Serenity Caldwell, Luke Filipowicz Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 at 1:28 pm EDT 25 Comments Serenity is the Managing Editor at iMore. She's been talking, writing about, and tinkering with Apple products since she was old enough to double-click. In her spare time, she sketches, sings, and in her secret superhero life, plays roller derby. Follow her on Twitter @settern. The next generation of iPad Pro is here: Apple's pro iPad line was unified and improved during WWDC's Monday keynote, bringing a new size (10.5), better screens, more storage, a speeder chip, RAM improvements, new camera specs, and so much more. Here's everything you need to know. What's happened with the iPad Pro line? As of Monday, the iPad Pro line now consists of two models: The 10.5-inch iPad Pro, and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has been retired, leaving that screen size for the base-model iPad to occupy. In addition, both models are now identical in terms of specs: They have the same screen, same internals, and same speakers. The only difference? Which screen size you prefer. What are their specs, exactly? Both the 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro models now feature the following: Display: DISPLAY 10.5-inch or 12.9-inch Retina display 600-nit brightness Anti-reflective coating ProMotion refresh technology (120Hz) True Tone Wide Color (P3) Full-screen virtual keyboard Chips: CHIPS & STORAGE A10X system-on-a-chip M10 integrated motion co-processor 64GB - 512GB SSD storage 4GB RAM USB-C connection speeds Cameras: CAMERAS 12MP, f/1.8 iSight rear camera with OIS 7MP, f/2.2 FaceTime HD front-facing camera Battery: BATTERY 10-hour battery life ProMotion smart refresh adjustment (to save battery life) USB-C fast-charge support (optional; not included in box) How does this differ from the base-model iPad and iPad mini? You can check out a full spec comparison below, but essentially: The Pro-level iPads are much faster and have more RAM, have superior screens, offer Apple Pencil and Smart Connector support, a faster Touch ID sensor, and better cameras. Device iPad mini (7.9) iPad (9.7) iPad Pro (10.5) iPad Pro (12.9) Colors Silver/Gold/Space Silver/Gold/Space Silver/Gold/Rose/Space Silver/Gold/Space Size 8"x5.3" 9.4x6.6" 9.8"x6.8" 12"x8.68" Capacity 128GB 32/128GB 64/256/512GB 64/256/512GB Weight 0.65/0.67*lbs 1.03/1.05*lbs 1.03/1.05*lbs 1.49/1.53*lbs Depth 0.24" 0.29" 0.24" 0.27" Battery 19.1-watt, 9*-10 hrs 32.4-watt, 9*-10 hrs 30.4‐watt, 9*-10 hrs 41‐watt, 9*-10 hrs Cellular* LTE LTE LTE Advanced LTE Advanced Display Retina (2048x1536, 326ppi) Retina (2048x1536, 264ppi) Retina (2224x1668, 264ppi) Retina (2732x2048, 264ppi) Laminated? Yes No Yes Yes Brightness 450 nits 511 nits 600 nits 600 nits Refresh Rate 60Hz 60Hz 120Hz (ProMotion) 120Hz (ProMotion) True Tone No No Yes Yes Wide Color (P3) No No Yes Yes Apple Pencil No No Yes Yes Smart Connector No No Yes Yes Bluetooth 4.2 4.2 4.2 4.2 Speakers Stereo Stereo 4-Speaker 4-Speaker Touch ID 1st-gen 1st-gen 2nd-gen 2nd-gen Taptic Engine No No No No Chip A8 A9 A10X A10X Motion M8 M9 M10 M10 RAM 2GB 2GB 4GB 4GB Rear Camera 8MP f/2.4 8MP f/2.4 12MP f/1.8, P3 color 12MP f/1.8, P3 color Video (Rear) 1080p (30fps) 1080p (30fps) 4K (30fps) 4K (30fps) Front Camera 1.2MP f/2.2 1.2MP f/2.2 7MP f/2.2 7MP f/2.2 Video (Front) 720p (30fps) 720p (30fps) 1080p (30fps) 1080p (30fps) *Only pertains to the cellular model. When can I get a new iPad Pro? They're currently available on Apple's online store, and will ship in mid-June. See at Apple Are they going to run iOS 11? Not when they ship! iOS 11 will come to the new iPad Pro line, but it's not due until later this Fall. You can get a sneak peek of the features coming to the new iPads Pro in iOS 11 below, however. iPad Drag and Drop, Multitasking, and Split View in iOS 11: Everything you need to know! AR for iPad: Everything you need to know! What's changed with the iPad Pro screen technology? On both iPad Pros, the display is brighter and much speedier: The Retina screen features Wide Color (P3), True Tone technology, and is easier to see than ever before, with an improved 600-nits brightness. It also features Apple's new ProMotion adaptive refresh technology. Essentially, your iPad can now refresh its screen at up to 120Hz: This allows interactions to be faster than ever before, including with the Apple Pencil, which has reduced its latency from 49 miliseconds to just 20 miliseconds. But ProMotion is also smart: It works with iOS to intelligently detect when a user needs that 120Hz refresh rate — as with drawing and high-framerate games — and when it can lower the refresh rate to save battery life and keep your iPad rocking as long as possible. What about the dimensions of the screens itself? The 9.7-inch iPad Pro is no more: In its place is the new, wider and taller 10.5-inch iPad Pro. (The 12.9-inch iPad Pro model hasn't changed its dimensions, as it launched with a thinner bezel than its 9.7-inch cousin.) The 10.5-inch model is slightly bigger and taller than its 9.7-inch predecessor, offering room for a full-sized virtual keyboard and more controls in apps. What does each iPad look like in Split View? When using iOS's multitasking features, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro uses the Compact size class when going into Split View: This means that after you set two apps into Split View, those apps will display iPhone-style UI when set side by side in a 50-50 split, and one iPad, one iPhone-style when in a 25-75 or 75-25 split. The reason for this is simple: The 10.5-inch iPad Pro isn't wide enough in landscape mode to fit two Regular-sized apps without their UI overlapping. Apple would need an extra 15% or more of width to make the apps scale effectively, which would make for a mighty strange iPad indeed. In contrast, the 12.9-inch iPad Pro uses the Regular size class when going into Split View: This means that after you set two apps into Split View, those apps will display iPad-style UI when set side by side in a 50-50 split, and and one iPad, one iPhone-style when in a 25-75 or 75-25 split. Both iPads have 4GB of RAM, allowing them to pull up a maximum of two Split View apps, one Slide Over app, and a Picture-in-Picture video all on the same screen and in focus (all are useable at the same time). What's going on with the Home Button? Did we get a Taptic Engine? Unfortunately not. Taptic Engines are challenging little bits of technology to produce, especially in devices with larger screens — it's why we don't have 3D Touch on the iPad Pro yet, either. But there is one bit of good news: Both iPad Pro models now have the second-generation Touch ID sensor, which is faster and more responsive at unlocking and authenticating. Tell me more about the A10X processor and graphics? The new iPad Pros are rocking Apple's A10X chip, which has six cores inside: three high-performance cores, and three high-efficiency cores. The results, Apple claims, are up to 30% faster CPU and 40% faster graphics performance. You'll notice that all around, whether you're surfing the web, playing a game, drawing, dragging and dropping, or just about anything else on your iPad. What about the camera? The new iPad Pros will be sporting improved sensors for both the rear-facing and front-facing cameras: They're now identical to those found in the iPhone 7. The rear iSight camera can now shoot at up to 12 megapixels and capture 4K video footage at 30FPS at a f/1.8 aperture, while the front-facing FaceTime HD camera has been upgraded to a 7 megapixel sensor and integrated Retina Flash. (Apple bragged that the 12.9-inch iPad Pro had the biggest Retina Flash out there, but good luck taking taking non-photo bototh selfies with that monster.) Will my old iPad and iPad Pro cases fit on the new iPad Pros? The 12.9-inch iPad Pro cases should, by all rights and means, fit without too much trouble — though you may run into an issue with tightly-fitting cases due to the more pronounced camera bump. When it comes to the 10.5-inch, however, your 9.7-inch cases are out of luck: The increased length of the device means that many — if not all — cases won't snap in properly. Can the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro fit in 9.7-inch cases? Can the new 12.9-inch iPad Pro fit in 1st-generation cases? What accessories are available for the new iPad Pro line? The first-generation Apple Pencil is available, of course, as is a new and improved Smart Keyboard cover; there are also Pencil cases and a new leather case option. Best accessories for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro But there's no new Apple Pencil, right? Nope! The original Apple Pencil benefits from the improved display on the iPad Pro; no new drawing tool is necessary. What color options are available on the new iPad Pros? As with Apple's other iPad models, you'll be able to pick up an iPad Pro in Silver, Space Grey, or Gold in either the 10.5-inch or 12.9-inch sizes. Sadly, Rose Gold is limited to the 10.5-inch size — there's no 12.9-inch iPad Pro rose gold love. How much will it cost? Here's the pricing for the new iPad Pro line: 10.5-inch iPad Pro: $649 for 64GB Wi-Fi $779 for 64GB Wi-Fi + Cellular $749 for 256GB Wi-Fi $879 for 256GB Wi-Fi + Cellular $949 for 512GB Wi-Fi $1079 for 512GB Wi-Fi + Cellular 12.9-inch iPad Pro: $799 for 64GB Wi-Fi $929 for 64GB Wi-Fi + Cellular $899 for the 256GB Wi-Fi $1029 for 256GB Wi-Fi + Cellular $1099 for 512GB Wi-Fi $1229 for 512GB Wi-Fi + Cellular Want more on the new iPad Pros? Let us know in the comments, or head over to the iMore Forums and tell everybody about your thoughts on the new iPad Pro lineup! WWDC 2017 Everything at WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017 Liveblog What to expect from WWDC 2017 Best events to attend iOS 11 macOS 10.13 watchOS 4 tvOS 11 Discussion forums Reader comments 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch 2017 iPad Pro FAQ: Everything you need to know! 25 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Rosze I loved the keynote so much though. Like being a little girl at Christmas :) 0 2 days ago Reply blackjack75 10.5" means you have to pay for Microsoft Office on these now .... think I'll keep my iPad Pro 9.7" 0 2 days ago Reply fyrfyter That makes 2 of us. What a stupid decision. I have a Pro 9.7, so I can use Apple Pencil to take notes, because I'm going back to school in August. I don't want to have to pay for MS Office limited functionality on an iPad, and lets face it, Pages and other iWork apps aren't keeping pace with Office. I think this is just another dumb decision. Apple trying to make appropriate decisions on device sizes, is about as useful as trying to teach a pig to sing- it wastes time and annoys the pig! 0 2 days ago Reply jalexand007 Not sure of the options you need in Office but I find Apples products much easier and better in most cases to use. 0 19 hours ago Reply AlexIT83 Completely agree with you.... 0 11 hours ago Reply jmush There's a chance your school offers free licenses of MS Office. 0 14 hours ago Reply melgross You really don't need Office for your uses, and that goes for both of you. 0 4 min ago Reply LittlePixels Oh, good catch! Well played, Microsoft... 0 2 days ago Reply Storm Garelli Please could you show some screenshots of the new 10.5 iPad in split-screen mode with the on-screen keyboard up too? I'd like to see how much room is left for each app (the 9.7 is too cramped but I just wonder if the 10.5 makes it tolerable..) Thanks for all you do. 0 2 days ago Reply fftaz336 Which home button do they have on them? The one like the iPhone 7's (Haptic) or like the old iPad Pro (Clickable) 0 2 days ago Reply AlexIT83 If I'm not wrong is the (Clickable) the same one you found in IPad Pro 9.7 that one has the second generation home button. 0 11 hours ago Reply qralex What's the screen-res on the new 10.5 iPad Pro, and how does it compare to the old 9.7-inch or 12-inch? Just scaled up, or is there more content (and will apps require updating to take advantage of it)? :) 0 2 days ago Reply melgross The Rez is in the article. All apps will work just fine. They will use all the pixels properly. If the app has more info to show, it will. If it uses a fixed screen layout, then it will do that. 0 1 min ago Reply PWarn Just ordered a new 10.5, but disappointed that there is no silicone case to go with the Smart Cover / Keyboard. It "removes" the camera bump and lets the iPad sit flat on a table. Any information indicating that Apple may release one at a later date? 0 2 days ago Reply thinblueline029 I'm ordering the 10.5 wifi version. Figured I can always use the data off my phone if I wasn't near a wifi point. I'm not a fan of the Smart Keyboard though. I hope they have third party keyboards soon. 0 2 days ago Reply LittlePixels I've been looking all over for a size comparison of the 9.7" and the 10.5" iPad Pros. I like the idea of a slightly bigger screen, but how much bigger is the footprint, and how much heavier is it? Pics would be great! 0 2 days ago Reply melgross Doesn't anyone actually read the articles before they post, or do you guys just read the head,one, and expect US to do the work for you? Read the article lazy. 0 10 sec ago Reply smohsin How much RAM are the new iPads going to sport? I hope it's more than 2GB on the previous 9.7in iPad Pro. 0 2 days ago Reply MarkLiebrecht I was wondering that myself. I'm hoping for 4GB. It would be nice if the only major difference between the two models was screen size. 0 2 days ago Reply melgross Again, read the article! 0 0 sec ago Reply AlexIT83 I been asking the same question my friend, but I found that is 4gb RAM on both models. Especially if the upcoming iOS 11 and the new features I don't know how the old iPads will work with this OS. 0 11 hours ago Reply IvanKaramazov I have a question that I couldn't find info on anywhere. The keynote slide on the new iPad Pro screens claimed they could do "HDR Video," which is something they haven't claimed for any other device on either the iOS or Mac side of things despite other devices supporting the wide color gamut. As far as I understand it, HDR at this point is a morass of competing standards and delivery platforms. Do we have any idea yet what the iPads support? For example, will they be able to stream HDR Netflix, like the LG phone? 0 20 hours ago Reply Serenity Caldwell Great question, and we'll look into it! 0 17 hours ago Reply MJedi For the 10.5-inch iPad Pro, do apps need to be updated to take advantage of the bigger screen? For example, the Facebook app is STILL not updated to use the full resolution of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, so the assets are just scaled up. Will it be same situation for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro? 0 5 hours ago Reply danmart This page says the Gen 2 12.9 iPad should fit into Gen 1 cases, subject to the camera hole being a suitable size. I think that is misleading; the mic is in a very different location on the Gen 2 and is almost guaranteed to be blocked by a Gen 1 cover. 0 42 min ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content The Straits Times Tech Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Singapore developer wins Apple Design Award in a first for the country and South-east Asia Mr Muh Hong Cheng of Clean Shaven Apps collecting the Apple Design Awards trophy at Apple's annual worldwide developer conference. His company is one of the 10 winners this year for their currency converter app, Elk.ST PHOTO: TREVOR TAN Mr Muh Hong Cheng showing off the Apple Watch companion app of his company's currency converter app Elk. The Elk app is one of the 10 winners of Apple Design Awards at WWDC this year.ST PHOTO: TREVOR TAN A screenshot of the Elk currency converter app by Clean Shaven Apps. The Elk app is one of the 10 winners of Apple Design Awards at WWDC this year.ST PHOTO: TREVOR TAN Mr Li Junjie (standing) with Mr Muh Hon Cheng of Clean Shaven Apps created the Elk currency converter app, which won the Apple Design Awards at WWDC 2017. PHOTO: CLEAN SHAVEN APPS PublishedJun 8, 2017, 2:00 am SGT Updated2 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4LC6 Copy Trevor Tan Deputy Tech Editor trevtan@sph.com.sg SAN JOSE - Singapore developer Clean Shaven Apps has emerged as one of the winners of the prestigious Apple Design Awards for its currency converter app Elk on the tech giant's mobile operating systems. This is the first time that a Singapore-based developer has won the awards by the iPhone maker and it also marks a first for South-east Asia. Clean Shaven Apps was one of the 10 winners globally at this year's awards held at Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose. The results were announced on Wednesday (June 7). Apple did not disclose how many entries were in the running for the awards. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up Since its inception in 1997, the Apple Design Awards recognise the best and most innovative Macintosh and iOS software and hardware created by independent developers. Past winners include the popular productivity app Evernote in 2013 and the game Monument Valley in 2014. Clean Shaven Apps was founded by Malaysia-born permanent resident Mr Muh Hon Cheng, 36, and Singaporean Mr Lin Junjie, 31, in 2015. Mr Lin is known for the Due reminder app, while Mr Muh is behind the SG NextBus transit app. The duo first met during a developer seminar. They became good friends and decided to team up to form Clean Shaven Apps. Mr Muh, who collected the award at WWDC, was surprised but delighted with the win. "Every time I go to (the awards), I hope they would call my name," said Mr Muh, who has been attending the annual WWDC since 2010. Mr Lin, who was not able to make the trip due to cost issues, said in an e-mail interview: "It is surreal that a modest team of two, working out of a study room in a Housing Board flat, can be recognised at the highest level alongside top developers and designers from the United States and Europe." Launched in April, the Elk - Travel Currency Converter, as the app is called in the Apple App Store, shows the conversions for two currencies in a table - the user's home currency and a currency of interest. The conversions can be compared side by side across 10 values, such as from 1 to 10, on the iPhone version of the app. Users do not need to type the currency values too. They can swipe left to increase the value of the entire list by 10 times, up to a value of 10 billion. Users can swipe right to reduce all the values by 10 times up to a value of 1. "We want to reduce input via keyboard," said Mr Muh for the rationale of this input method. Elk also uses the iPhone's current time zone to infer the currency that a person might be using, so he might not even need to manually select specific currencies to convert. For the Apple Watch version of the app, users can tap, swipe and rotate the smart watch's Digital Crown to convert currencies on their wrist. "We actually think the Apple Watch is more natural for the app, because you can do it discreetly and you don't have to take out your iPhone," Mr Muh said. It took about three and a half months for Mr Muh and Mr Lin to develop the app, from conceptualising it to bringing it live to the App Store. The idea for Elk originated from Mr Lin's habit of creating a lock screen wallpaper on his phone with a list of 10 values each for two currencies whenever he travels. "I could shave a lot of time and hassle off what I was doing if I could have a reference list that is always on the lock screen of my iPhone, without having to key in anything at all," said Mr Lin. There has been no official word from Apple yet but The Straits Times understands that Elk's thoughtful design and efficient experience on the Apple Watch - which makes currency conversion fast and convenient - were important factors in securing the award. Elk can be download from the App Store with a 14-day free trial, after which it costs $5.98 to unlock all the currencies. It can still be used after the trial without paying, but users have access to only six popular currencies such as the US dollar, Euro and Japanese Yen. Financially, Elk is not doing so well. One in 100 customers have paid for the app so far. "In the 54 days since Elk was available on the App Store, we have about 73,000 downloads but less than $3,000 in profit," said Mr Lin. While Clean Shaven Apps is not sure if the award would help make Elk more popular, since the Apple Store can be unpredictable, the developer hopes Apple will feature the app prominently in the weeks and months to come. "We hope it will be a long term feature that will benefit us," said Mr Muh. Topics:  APPLE IOS WWDC 2017 More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LC6 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew vitagen_a126212_2017jun05_300x200_st_native.jpg IBS: What you need to know and how to seek help eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Features Tech Science Health facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple Unveils Upgraded MacBooks At WWDC 2017: Kaby Lake, Faster Graphics, Better SSDs And More 7 June 2017, 11:00 am EDT By Alexandra Burlacu Tech Times Apple announced refreshed MacBook models at WWDC 2017, promising more power, faster performance, and better battery life. Here's what the new MacBook and MacBook Pro have to offer.  ( Apple ) Apple made a number of exciting announcements at WWDC 2017 and, as expected, the MacBook got some neat upgrades to spice things up. The 12-inch MacBook received a considerable spec bump, getting the latest Intel Kaby Lake (seventh generation) processors and a notable boost in performance, speed and battery life. The solid-state drive storage should translate to an up to 50 percent increase in performance. Apple MacBook Update Apple has also boosted the amount of RAM, now maxing out at 16 GB instead of the previous 8 GB. "With thin and light designs, powerful performance, amazing displays and all-day battery life, Mac notebooks deliver the world's best portable computing experience," Apple touts. "MacBook is our thinnest and lightest notebook for all-day, on-the-go computing." The company also says the keyboard of the new MacBook also received an upgrade to be more like the MacBook Pro, which means it should be more responsive. Otherwise, not much has changed. Apple is still pitching the 12-inch MacBook as a sleek and slim notebook with a Retina display, decent specs, and high portability, but it won't blow you out of the water. The meager webcam received no upgrades, which means it still offers only a 480p resolution. The new MacBook starts at $1,299 for the entry-level model with Core m3 and 256 GB of storage, and goes up to $1,949 for higher-end specs. Some might still find the MacBook a tad expensive for what it has to offer, especially considering that comparable Windows notebooks with similar specs are more affordable, but Apple has always had a loyal fan base. Those looking for a more powerful device with some extra oomph, however, should consider the beefier MacBook Pro, which also got neat upgrades. Apple MacBook Pro 2017 Update The refreshed 13-inch MacBook Pro, meanwhile, packs Intel Kaby Lake processors up to Core i7 3.5 GHz with Turbo Boost up to 4.0 GHz, and the 15-inch model packs up to Core i7 3.1 GHz with up to 4.1 GHz with Turbo Boost. Apple also packed beefier discrete graphics with extra video memory for the 15-inch MacBook Pro, while the 13-inch model got a new $1,299 configuration in the United States. Otherwise, the MacBook Pro still sports the intriguing Touch Bar with Touch ID, a bright 500-nit Retina display, powerful performance, Thunderbolt 3, and more. Lastly, Apple also announced a slight upgrade for the 13-inch MacBook Air, which now features a 1.8 GHz processor. It's a truly minor change, however, moving up from 1.6 GHz to 1.8 GHz, but it's still a fifth-generation Intel processor (Broadwell) and not the newer seventh generation (Kaby Lake). That said, the change should translate to a slight speed bump, but that's about it. The new Apple MacBook refreshed models are already available through the company's store, with retail availability slated for June 7. Does any of these new MacBook models seem attractive enough to warrant a purchase, or are the upgrades not good enough? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. TAG Apple, MacBook, MacBook Pro, WWDC 2017 © 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Launch Of 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Results In Price Drop Of 9.7-Inch Model At Best Buy Apple Launches First Original Show: Here's What 'Planet Of The Apps' Is All About And How To Watch It Apple Helped UK Terrorism Investigations By Handing Over Metadata: How Is This Different From Breaking Encryption? WWDC 2017: External GPU And VR Support Are Coming To macOS 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Accessories: Here Are Some Options From Apple And Logitech From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Love Tech Times? Let's Keep in Touch! Sign up for our email newsletter today. Tech Times' biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. By clicking on 'Submit' button above, you confirm that you accept Tech Times Terms & Conditions Most Popular 1 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Asus ZenFone AR Gets A Possible June 14 Launch Date 2 Public Health Want Your Baby To Sleep Longer? Make The Infant Sleep In Their Own Room 3 Video Games Sony Thanks Fans With 1 TB Gold PS4, Game Discounts, And More Via Days Of Play Event 4 Video Games Monument Valley 2 Now Available On iOS: How Is It Different From Its Predecessor? 5 Space Scientists Discover New Planet That Is Hotter Than Some Stars 6 Medicine Roche’s Breast Cancer Combo Therapy Offers Tiny Benefit In Large Drug Trial – And It’s A Pricey Drug 7 Public Health Pregnancy-Linked Death Rate Skyrockets In Texas, Emerges As Highest In The Developed World 8 Public Health Internet Withdrawal: Study Finds Social Media Addiction Can Raise Heart Rate, BP 9 Healthy Living/Wellness Is Whole Wheat Bread Healthier Than White Bread? Answer May Vary From Person To Person 10 Apple iOS 11's Do Not Disturb While Driving Feature Detects When You Are In A Moving Car EDITOR'S PICKS Pregnancy-Linked Death Rate Skyrockets In Texas, Emerges As Highest In The Developed World Oceanfloor Craters Hint Of Potential Arctic Methane Explosions In The Future Privately-Owned Moon Dust Could Fetch $4 Million At Auction Ancient Lake On Gale Crater Had Varied Oxygen Levels Across Depths: What This Tells About Life On Mars Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Rumors, Leaks Roundup: Infinity Display, Dual Cameras, And Everything We Know So Far NASA Experiment Expected To Produce Artificial Light Show On Sunday: Here's How To Watch It Apple Blackout Dates For Staff Hinting At iPhone 8 Arrival Date? iPhone 8 Dummy Unit's Hands-On Video Appears Online Man Dies From Flesh-Eating Bacteria After Getting New Crucifix And Praying Hands Tattoos TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideosArchives About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2017 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple VR, AR Developer Support Coming To iOS, macOS Eric Chiu International Business Times June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple officially is getting in on virtual reality and augmented reality. At its Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple announced Monday it would bring active virtual reality support to Mac from developers, including Valve’s SteamVR, Unity and Epic Games’ Unreal Engine. The partnerships come as part of an update to Apple’s Metal developers app that will come with the upcoming macOS High Sierra update. As part of the update, Metal will be able to support external graphics card setups that’ll allow for additional graphics processing overhead. The update isn’t necessarily relevant for most home macOS users, who typically have a consumer-level laptop or desktop, but targeted more toward studios and other creative professionals. Read: Alleged Apple Insider Says Apple's Siri Speaker, Glasses In The Works An onstage demo with Industrial Light and Magic demonstrated what Apple wants professional creatives to be able to do with its native VR support. In an extensive demo with an HTC Vive headset, a staffer showcased a “Star Wars” demo set on the volcanic planet Mustafar. Star Wars VR Demo, The Force is strong, 90 FPS strong #WWDC #starwars pic.twitter.com/lXCtqkc92U — Isaiah Steinfeld (@isaiahsteinfeld) June 5, 2017 During the demo, the presenter could smoothly edit and manipulate the scene, adding assets like ships and environmental effects without noticeable performance hiccups. It still remains to be seen if Apple will make a significant push into consumer-level VR — Apple’s Tim Cook previously has been ambivalent about the medium — but Apple’s willingness to be more active is a plus for developers. At WWDC, Apple also showcased several notable developer features for augmented reality. First, Apple highlighted its ARKit tool for developers, allowing them to build AR experiences for iOS users more easily. In an early demo, Apple’s Craig Federighi showcased a basic AR interface onstage. The tool was fairly simple — Federighi placed a virtual lamp and coffee cup onstage — highlighting how well the platform accurately rendered and tracked both objects in space. Read: Apple HomePod, A Siri-Powered Speaker, Revealed At WWDC 2017 More impressively, Wingnut AR — a studio from director Peter Jackson — showcased an ARKit-powered demo where a table was overlaid with an elaborate live combat scene. The studio said it will be releasing an AR game for iOS later this year. Both moves make Apple the latest company to invest significantly in VR and AR. While Snapchat helped popularize augmented reality with features like its portrait image overlays, the field has seen similar entries from companies like Facebook and Google. With Apple’s existing iPhone and iPad base, the company said ARKit would be the “world’s largest AR platform” for developers. Related Articles Apple Reveals Siri-Powered HomePod Audio Speaker At WWDC 2017 Apple Pay On iOS 11 Will Support Person-To-Person Payments Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Watch live streaming video of James Comey’s testimony before Congress right here BGR News All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-08 Jay-Z’s New Album To Be A ‘Lemonade’-Style Video Project Entitled ‘4:44?’ Entertainment 2017-06-07 ‘Futurama’ Departure From Netflix Leaves Fans Bereft Entertainment 2017-06-07 ‘Breaking Bad’ Gets Virtual Reality Experience As Vince Gilligan Teams Up With Sony Entertainment 2017-06-06 ‘Dance Moms’ Cheryl Burke Slams Abby Lee Miller For ‘Traumatizing’ Students, Promises Different Approach News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Green News, News 2017-06-08 Brad Pitt Attacks Trump’s Stance On Climate Change In New Comedy Sketch [Video] World 2017-06-08 No Longer Competing With Kate Middleton For Royal Privileges, ‘Blood Princess’ Beatrice Finds Her Own Success News 2017-06-08 North Korea Fired 4 Cruise Missiles That Could Potentially Take Out A Carrier Due To Precision Targeting News 2017-06-08 Neil White, Husband Of NBC VP, Chokes Seven-Year-Old Daughter To Death In Her Bed Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-08 WWE Rumors: Kurt Angle Could Face Triple H In His In-Ring Return Later This Year Wrestling 2017-06-08 Latest Update Regarding Daniel Bryan’s ‘SmackDown Live’ Return Revealed Wrestling 2017-06-08 WWE News: How Has John Cena’s Hiatus Financially Impacted WWE? Baseball 2017-06-08 Mike Zunino Hits Game-Winning Home Run, Seattle Mariners Win Series Over Minnesota Twins Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-08 Powerball Jackpot Rolls To $435 Million, Watch Powerball Drawing And Check Winning Numbers [Video] Lifestyle 2017-06-08 When Is Father’s Day 2017 And Who Started The Holiday? Lifestyle 2017-06-07 Will Bill Murray’s Next Role Be BBQ Dad? Lifestyle 2017-06-07 90-Year-Olds Prove Bucket Lists Are Not Just For The Young Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-08 Dangerous New Weight-Loss Trend: ‘Sleeping Beauty Diet’ Health 2017-06-07 Animal Testing Suggests Anti-Heroin Vaccine Could Prevent Addicts From Relapsing Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-07 Microsoft Clarifies Xbox One Backward Compatibility Reports Of Less Than 2 Percent Played Gaming 2017-06-07 ‘Overwatch’ Anniversary Event Ends With Double Experience Over The Weekend Gaming 2017-06-07 Xbox E3 2017 Teasers Point To Xbox Scorpio Launch Date And Price Gaming 2017-06-07 What To Expect From ‘The Sims’ At The 2017 EA Play FanFest BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-08 Woman Discovers Husband-To-Be Is Gay, Writes Raw Ebay 1.35-Carat Diamond Ring Pitch, Gets 30K Facebook Likes BuzzWorthy 2017-06-08 50th Summer of Love: San Francisco Denies Park Permit To Hippies, Suddenly Schedules Its Own Free Concert BuzzWorthy 2017-06-08 ‘One Thicc Bih’: The Insanely Catchy Pop Music Meme About Lewd Cartoons [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-08 Gay Babadook: Netflix Accidentally Made The Movie A Fierce LGBTQ Meme SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Apple Launches New iMacs With macOS ‘High Sierra’ Update Gadgets 3 0 0 June 7, 2017 Apple Launches New iMacs With macOS ‘High Sierra’ Update James Walker Apple has announced an updated iMac line-up that includes faster processors and new display options. The revised hardware was accompanied by the announcement of macOS “High Sierra,” the next version of Apple’s desktop operating system set to launch later this year. Apple unveiled the new products at its WWDC developers event earlier in the week. It has since detailed them with official pages on its website and posts in its newsroom. 2017 iMac Range Apple said the updated iMac range is supposed to set the “gold standard” for desktop computers. After being criticized for appearing to neglect its most powerful products, Apple has debuted a comprehensive set of upgrades for the entire line-up. The company is intending to reclaim its favor with professional audiences. The iMac now comes with Intel’s latest seventh-generation Kaby Lake processors. Specifications will vary by model, but you can expect clock speeds of up to 4.2GHz with Turbo Boost up to 4.5GHz. The processor is accompanied by a brand-new Radeon Pro graphics card from AMD’s recently launched RX 500-series. According to Apple, graphics performance on the new iMacs is up to three times greater than the outgoing models. [Image by Apple] Further changes to the internals include a 50 percent faster solid state drive and the inclusion of a Thunderbolt 3 port. This allows the transfer of power, data and monitor connections using a single cable. Apple is one of the main adopters of the Thunderbolt standard as opposed to standard USB-C, though it should be noted that Thunderbolt 3 uses the USB-C connector. While it’s not so widespread, Thunderbolt is a capable connection with fittingly high performance. Although the new components are significant, Apple hasn’t been content to stop at what’s inside. It has also upgraded the most visible element of the iMac, its large and vibrant display. The company said it is now better than ever with brightness up by 43 percent and the available color palette expanded to include 1 billion distinct shades. macOS High Sierra The new hardware is designed to work best with macOS High Sierra, Apple’s upcoming macOS update which will be released later this year. As with the new Macs themselves, High Sierra focuses primarily on the internals. There are a few surface-level tweaks and minor features added throughout but most of the development has been under-the-hood. Apple is launching a new robust file system, imaginatively called Apple File System. It will gradually replace HFS on new Mac PCs. Apple said it’s a faster and safer way to store files, offering “instantaneous” basic storage operations and safeguards against common causes of data loss. These include protections against unexpected power loss incidents, keeping your files secure if you’re stuck during a blackout. Apple has also added virtual reality support. For the first time, developers will be able to use the Mac to create and view virtual reality content. Later this year, Valve will bring its SteamVR VR gaming platform to the Mac, letting players experience virtual worlds without having to use Windows. This milestone launch of Mac-based virtual reality goes hand-in-hand with the graphical performance improvements of the new iMacs. [Image by Apple] High Sierra comes with some more immediate changes too. Siri is more advanced and has an “expressive” voice, Safari includes a built-in autoplaying ad blocker and search in Mail is faster and more relevant. Spotlight search can show you details of flights you’re tracking and iCloud now lets you share files to collaborate with others. These improvements are relatively basic as Apple has clearly dedicated its time to creating the big architectural leaps that High Sierra is introducing. The smaller tweaks to the interface will help to make Mac easier and more convenient to use every day and are likely to be welcomed by users. Apple said it has concentrated on the internals of the OS this year so it can “push the Mac forward” in the future. [Image by Apple] “macOS High Sierra delivers important forward-looking technologies and new opportunities for developers wanting to tap into the power of machine learning and create immersive VR content on the Mac,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering. “The core technology innovations in macOS High Sierra, combined with our advances in hardware, will continue to push the Mac forward in exciting new ways.” The new iMac models are available to pre-order now and will start shipping next week. Pricing varies by configuration and region. Apple has also launched a new set of MacBook laptops if you’re more interested in purchasing a mobile-first device. macOS High Sierra is available now as a developer preview to members of the Apple Developer Program. A public beta will launch later this month before the update is released to existing devices in the fall. It will support all Mac desktops and laptops currently running last year’s Sierra release. [Featured Image by Apple] Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor James Walker Tags: Apple, computers, devices, iMac June 6, 2017 ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Major Characters To Exit The Soap June 2, 2017 ‘DOOL’ Spoilers: Tripp Plots Revenge On Kayla, But How? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Five Legendary NBA Teams That Could Beat The 2017 Golden State Warriors [Opinion] Blake Shelton Performs At CMT Music Awards, Gwen Stefani Cheers On Social Media ‘General Hospital’ Star Kimberly McCullough Gives Birth To A Healthy Baby Boy Former FBI Director James Comey Testifies About Russia While The World Waits For Trump Tweets [LiveStream] Nicki Minaj Promises She’s Delivering An Album You’ll ‘Never Forget’ ‘Little People, Big World’: Amy Roloff And Boyfriend Chris Marek Headed For Splitsville? Khloe Kardashian Might Be Infertile; KUWTK Star Hears Bad News From Fertility Doctor Vicki Gunvalson Issues Message To Fans Ahead Of ‘RHOC’: Another Scandal Looming? Ariana Grande Resumes World Tour In Paris, Security At ‘Highest Level’ During Event Will Melania Trump’s Parents Move Into White House On Wednesday’s Big Moving Day? [Opinion] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Faith-Healing Christian Parents Charged With Murder After Death Of Premature Newborn 10.8k 0 0 ‘Making A Murderer’ Lawyer Alleges Ex-Boyfriend Of Halbach Was Murderer [Breaking] 7.9k 0 0 Jim Carrey Set To Face Trial Over Ex-Girlfriend’s Death After Judge Refuses To Dismiss Wrongful Death Lawsuit 9.7k 0 0 Russia May Have Hacked Voting Database, Casting Cloud Over 2016 Election Results, Explosive New Report Says 6.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Affair Rumor: Novelist Accuses First Lady Of Cheating For ‘Many Years’ 11.4k 0 0 Jessica Simpson Reportedly Suffering From Drug And Alcohol Abuse, Family Has Tried To Intervene 9.1k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Edition: Français Subscribe Contact Search LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Skip to content Menu News Analysis Customer Focus Industry Operations Products & Services Strategy Mobile Editor’s Comment Top500 IRUK Top500 IREU Top500 IRAU Top250 ASEAN Top500 Brand Index Events InternetRetailing Summit – Berlin InternetRetailing Expo 2017 eDelivery Expo 2017 InternetRetailing Conference 2017 eDelivery Conference 2017 Awards Event History Webinars IRTV Magazine Magazine Archive Top500 Reports Suppliers Guide Connected Commerce Series Supplements White Papers Research Reports Subscribe Whitepapers Surveys Directory Explore the Directory Register to be listed Log in to your listing Suppliers Guide Customer Retention Payments Delivery Operations Ecommerce Platforms & ERP Supply Chain Marketing Digital store Ones to Watch International Growth Selling and Merchandising About What we do Editorial Team Advertising opportunities Contact us M-Retailing Siri, what impact are you going to have on retail? By Paul Skeldon June 7, 2017 - 7:31 pm Share: LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Google+ Email The launch this week of the Siri-enabled HomePod by Apple marks a late-out-the-gate move by the tech giant, now playing catch up behind both Google and Amazon. But with these three voice-controlled device now out there – and some 25% of people already owning one before Apple leapt into the market – it is inevitable that voice is going to become one of the ways in which consumers interact with the web. And this is going to have in an inevitable impact on retail across the board. Of course there are going to be tie ups between retailers and these three voice platforms, much as Tesco has already done with Google Home, and many luminaries have already popped up to outline how they think voice controlled devices are going to reshape retail, but I think it goes way deeper than that and throws up some choice challenges for retailers. For starters, these devices are just the vanguard of voice control. A device in the living room that you can speak to, telling it what you want to buy or add to your shopping list is really just the opening gambit. Telling HomePod to add spuds to your Grocery list is relatively straightforward, even if Apple is selling this as a groovy speaker that you can instruct Siri to play stuff on, it will become like Home and Alexa, assuming Siri can keep up. Where it gets interesting is that voice control is going to not only be the preserve of these devices, but also off all devices: it will be the way we interrogate the web. This means that voice control in retail is not just a matter of building out platforms that can handle voice inputs from these ‘home’ devices, but also to voice enable websites and apps. This isn’t just fanciful thinking inspired by another Apple hoopla-laden developer conference, but something driven by the other big game in retail: engagement. It has become accepted wisdom that, in the age of abundance, consumers want more of an experience from retailers. This has become so over-powering that now the majority of execs in retail boardrooms rate customer experience as more important than marketing and even sales as a priority. Voice control, as it gains acceptance in the home, is going to become the driver of much of this experience on the mobile when out and about and it is what is going to shape how retail in store and on the web work. Research shows that people are willing to spend more and keep coming back for more if they get a meaningful experience. And voice interaction is likely to be one of the key drivers therein. But is the technology and are the retailers able to make this happen? While HomePod came as no surprise (apart from perhaps its dreadful name and the fact that it looks a bit like some sort of elaborate air freshener), it does beg the question that to be truly useful – and for me to even contemplate buying one – Siri needs to really up its game. I asked “Siri, what is your impact on retail going to be?” and she said: “I’d rather talk about your calendar and dinner plans, Paul” Quite. Joking aside, we stand at a crossroads here. Customers will want voice interaction – we’ve wanted it ever since we saw Star Trek in the 1960s – and we want it to be intuitive and to work every time. With Siri, I don’t feel that confident. Hopefully, being built into something that is one of the biggest diversifications in Apple’s modern history – this is perhaps the biggest shift in what it makes since the iPhone – surely Apple has some sort of Siri upgrade up its sleeve to make it work? With that in place – and with Google and Amazon constantly upping their game too in voice control – retail is set for quite a transformation. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Siri, what impact are you going to have on retail? Jun 07 in M-Retailing, M-Retailing Editor's Comment Survey: How new digital formats are revolutionising performance marketing Jun 07 in Uncategorised Apple enters voice control market with HomePod: what does it mean for retail? Jun 07 in M-Retailing, Technology Latest InternetRetailing Magazine March 2017 – Issue 63 (IRM63) IREU Top500 Merchandising Report: 2017 InternetRetailing UK Top500 2017 IRUK Top500 Brand Engagement Report: 2017 Popular Watch IRC: Company Interview – IBM, featuring James Lovell IRC: Company Interview – OneHydra, featuring Chris Dunn IRC: Company Interview – NCC Group featuring Andy Davies IRC: Knowledge Partners, Poq – Anna Abrell & Michael Langguth Interview with Christine Bardwell from Oracle Connect with us Subscribe Contact us The Team IRDX – Directory Follow us Link with us Like us Plus us Watch us About We are the magazine, portal and events for European ecommerce. Hosting board level conversation for multichannel retail across all of our platforms. Join the conversation. Latest Tweet InternetRetailing: https://t.co/SxB18TSqFi unveils plans for enough warehousing to support £3bn in annual sales https://t.co/SVA0BQeP3I about 2 hours ago Don’t miss News analysis InternetRetailing Magazine IRDX – Connect eDelivery Magazine – subscribe Events InternetRetailing Awards InternetRetailing Conference InternetRetailing Expo (IRX) eDelivery – multichannel supply chain eDelivery Expo (EDX) eDelivery Conference © InternetRetailing Media | Tel: UK +44 (0) 20 7933 8999 | Email: info@internetretailing.net | Log in | Privacy Policy
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple announces India prices for new iPads, iMacs, MacBooks Apple Apple announces India prices for new iPads, iMacs, MacBooks By Bindu Nair - Jun 7, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Apple has updated its India website with all the new products it announced at its ongoing WWDC 2017 event, revealing each device’s price ahead of a country-specific launch. As expected, the new iPads, iMacs, and MacBooks are on the more expensive side of things, with the tablet series going beyond the Rs 1 lakh mark for the first time in the nation. Diving into Apple’s latest iPad Pro lineup, the 10.5-inch iteration is available in a Wi-Fi only model at Rs 52900, Rs 60900, and Rs 76900 for the 64GB, 256GB, and 512GB storage variants, respectively. Upgrading to the Wi-Fi + Cellular edition will set buyers back by Rs 63900, Rs 71900, and Rs 87900, correspondingly. The cost of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro has remained the same for the most part, with the upside being that storage has doubled. The entry-level Wi-Fi only models are set to hit stores at Rs 65900 (64GB), Rs 73900 (256GB), and Rs 89900 (512GB), while the Wi-Fi + Cellular models will burn a Rs 76900, Rs 84900, and Rs 100900-sized hole in a buyer’s pocket, respectively. Also See: iPhone 8, Apple Glasses get leaked by Foxconn insiders The 2017 series of MacBook Pros have gotten slightly cheaper as compared to its predecessors. The 13-inch model without TouchBar begins at Rs 109900 for its 128GB variant and Rs 126900 for its 256GB one. The 13-inch TouchBar model will go up for sale at Rs 154900 (256GB) and Rs 171900 (512GB). The 15-inch MacBook Pro with TouchBar starts at Rs 205900 (256GB) and tops out at Rs 239900 (512GB). Consumers looking for something more affordable can look to the refreshed MacBook Air which starts at the same Rs 80900 cost for its 128GB model. The redone 12-inch MacBook has gotten a cut and is set to vend at Rs 109900 (256GB) and Rs 134900 (512GB). Lastly, Apple’s powerful new iMacs begin at Rs 90900, Rs 107900, and Rs 148900 for the 21.5-inch non-Retina, 21.5-inch Retina, and 27.5-inch Retina versions, correspondingly. The company plans to unveil its huge slate of devices in India later this month. TAGS apple iMac iPad Pro MacBook Pro Price SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleOnePlus 5 officially coming out on June 20 Next articleWhatsApp update adds photo filters, albums, reply shortcuts Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR iPhone 6 selling at just Rs 21999 via Flipkart Apple unveils iMac Pro, High Sierra, HomePod and more at WWDC 2017 iPhone 8, Apple Glasses get leaked by Foxconn insiders 243,986FansLike 13,608FollowersFollow 14,456SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Nokia 9 variant with 6GB RAM surfaces online Bertila Helena - Jun 8, 2017 0 Moto Z2 gets spotted on Geekbench Bindu Nair - Jun 8, 2017 0 WhatsApp to roll out recall feature soon Bindu Nair - Jun 8, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple unveils iMac Pro, High Sierra, HomePod and more at WWDC 2017 Apple Apple unveils iMac Pro, High Sierra, HomePod and more at WWDC 2017 By Bertila Helena - Jun 7, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Apple’s WWDC 2017 keynote presentation can be summarized as a series of announcements about upgrades, along with a couple of new product reveals. Some of the best non-hardware unveilings included Monument Valley 2 for iPhone and Amazon Prime Video’s debut on Apple TV. New Apple products: Apple has finally hit the connected speaker market with the 7-inch HomePod powered by the A8 processor and Siri. It features an array of 7 tweeters, 6 microphones, and sensors that can detect the kind of space in which it is placed and adjust the audio accordingly. The device is priced at a hefty $350 and expected to commence shipping in December. The star of the WWDC hardware announcements was Apple’s new monster all-in-one, the iMac Pro. With a monstrous pricing of $5000 and higher to match, the space gray workstation offers up to 4TB of storage, a 27-inch Retina 5K display, a Radeon Pro Vega GPU, up to 128GB ECC memory, better cooling and Intel Xeon processors up to 18 cores. It will be out in December. Meanwhile, the MacBook and iMac series has been refreshed with ‘better everything’ and the rate begins at $1299 for the base model in either lineup. Apple has also introduced a 10.5-inch and a 12.9-inch iPad Pro with the A10X Fusion chipset, 64GB memory and LTE or plain old Wi-Fi flavors. The cost starts at $649. Apple software announcements: We’ve always found the Apple Watch and smart watches in general difficult to love because of how inessential their existence is; and watchOS 4 with its new motivational messages (eye roll) and other insipid changes does nothing to amend that feeling. Siri is a little more human now, in terms of voice and how it delivers personalized suggestions. The voice assistant can handle your finances upon command in iOS 11 – making payments from the cards you have in your Wallet. Another big step forward is the ability to borrow, lend or spend money through iMessage. Control Center is even more customizable and there’s a Do Not Disturb feature which kicks in automatically when you’re driving. Apple will also be offering its ARKit for developers interested in building AR experiences for iOS. Last but not the least, the newest version of macOS is dubbed High Sierra. There’s eccentric and then there’s pretentious and a very fine line between them. But we digress. The OS comes with the new Apple File System (APFS) and support for HEVC. The Metal 2 API brings in VR support as well as compatibility with external GPUs via Thunderbolt. Additionally, Safari has been enhanced with tracking preventing, Autoplay Blocking and an improved Reader function. High Sierra will be available as a free download in fall, so will iOS 11. TAGS apple HomePod iMac Pro iOS 11 iPad Pro macOS High Sierra Price SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSamsung unveils Galaxy J3 (2017), J5 (2017), J7 (2017) Next articleiPhone 6 selling at just Rs 21999 via Flipkart Bertila Helena RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR iPhone 6 selling at just Rs 21999 via Flipkart Apple announces India prices for new iPads, iMacs, MacBooks iPhone 8, Apple Glasses get leaked by Foxconn insiders 243,986FansLike 13,608FollowersFollow 14,456SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Nokia 9 variant with 6GB RAM surfaces online Bertila Helena - Jun 8, 2017 0 Moto Z2 gets spotted on Geekbench Bindu Nair - Jun 8, 2017 0 WhatsApp to roll out recall feature soon Bindu Nair - Jun 8, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 5 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Computing / iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Apple's iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad PUBLISHED: JUNE 07 2017 The next mobile operating system from Apple, iOS 11, will give iPad users extensive software updates and long-awaited features, such as a file management tool and customizable app dock. This was announced during the annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California. The new OS gives iPads a redesigned dock at the bottom of the screen that acts more like the dock on an iMac. It also acts as an app switcher: dragging the app icon from the dock to the screen will open it next to the app that is currently open. The new Files app, also available for iPhone users, is a file management system that places all files on the iPad together in one place for easy organization. The Files app also contains files from third-party apps such as Dropbox. Other updates specifically for iPad include drag-and-drop support and an updated Notes app that makes handwritten notes searchable. The iPhone will also receive a few updates when the new system is released, including a redesigned control center, a redesigned App Store and a new version of AirPlay. iOS 11 users in countries where ApplePay is supported will be able to send money through the Apple iMessage app. Apple says it does not want its customers using its products while driving and so has introduced a ‘Do Not Disturb While Driving' mode that will be activated when the phone senses the user is in a car. It will show a blank screen and not allow messages or calls to come through. This can be deactivated if the user is a passenger. A developer beta version of iOS 11 was released yesterday. The public beta version will be available at the end of June and the final release is expected in September. The Apple iMac Pro will be released in December. The company also updated its desktop operating system, called High Sierra, which it says sees its Safari search engine perform 80% faster than Chrome. Apple's e-mail app Mail will have its content take up 35% less disk space in the new OS. Apple provided insight into how its software products have performed in numbers, such as: users take one trillion photos per year in its Camera app, there are now 27 million paid Apple Music subscribers, 500 million users visit the App Store weekly, there have been 180 billion app downloads to date, and developers have made $70 billion through the App Store. The company sometimes uses WWDC to announce new products, as it did last night when it introduced the HomePod, (a smart home speaker introduced by Apple under the guise of "reinventing home music"), which is Apple's answer to the Amazon Echo or Google Home. Other hardware announced included a new iMac Pro that will be released in December, and substantial updates to the iPad, laptop and desktop ranges. © 2017 ITWeb under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Product shots by Apple. Read more on: Apple, WWDC, HomePod, Speakers, iOS, iPads Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20 2. HP Delivers New Omen Gaming PCs 3. Net Neutrality: Day of Action Planned 4. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 5. Leak Reveals Flawed Election System MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN COMPUTING 1. Leak Reveals Flawed Election System 2. WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About 3. New iMac Pro Workstation Debuts 4. NSA Report Details Russian Hack 5. IBM and Cisco Fighting Cybercrime NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 5 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Automotive Tech / Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image with 20 Firings, 1 Hiring By Tom Krisher PUBLISHED: JUNE 07 2017 Uber, the world's leading ride-hailing company, has taken two big steps toward repairing its corporate image: It fired 20 employees for a host of harassment problems and hired an Apple marketing executive to rescue its tainted brand. Those fired for sexual harassment as well as bullying, discrimination and other behavior that violated company policies included both managers and lower-level workers. Some had retaliated against other employees after they complained about bad conduct, said Bobbie Wilson, a partner at the Perkins Coie law firm, which did the investigation. Separately, Uber announced Tuesday that it had hired Apple marketing executive Bozoma Saint John, who will be Uber's chief brand officer. She ran global consumer marketing of Apple Music and iTunes. Her task at Uber will be to improve its brand image so people like it as well as they like the company's ride services, an Uber spokeswoman said. "Boz has a long track record of successfully creating emotional connections between people and the products they love," Uber CEO Travis Kalanick [pictured here] said in a statement. More action could come next week when a report on Uber's culture by former Attorney General Eric Holder is likely to be made public. He is supposed to make broader recommendations on how to change Uber's culture. During Uber's ascent to becoming the world's most valuable startup, the San Francisco-based company took Silicon Valley's penchant for sexism, for cutthroat, unapologetic competition and distaste for government regulation and kicked it up several notches. For a while, this worked well, pushing Uber's valuation to nearly $70 billion. But this year, Uber's aggressive corporate culture and 40-year-old Kalanick's self-admitted need to "fundamentally change and grow up" has caught up with it. In addition to the sexual harassment allegations, Uber is the target of lawsuits, boycott threats and a federal investigation into claims that it has used a fake version of its app to thwart authorities. It's also been accused of corporate espionage by Waymo, formerly Google's autonomous vehicle arm. Uber's former chief autonomous car researcher took confidential documents from Waymo before his startup firm was purchased by Uber, according to a Waymo lawsuit. Uber also is searching for a chief operating officer and chief financial officer as it prepares for a possible public stock offering. Uber Technologies Inc. retained Perkins Coie after former engineer Susan Fowler posted a blog in February about sex harassment at the company. Fowler wrote that on her first day at work her boss propositioned her in a series of messages and superiors ignored her complaints. After the posting, Uber set up a 24-hour hotline to take complaints from employees, and hired Perkins Coie to investigate them. The firm checked into 215 complaints, and 57 remain under investigation. The hotline will remain in operation. The probe into Fowler's complaints is still underway, and Wilson wouldn't say if any of those fired, or 31 other employees placed in counseling, were involved in that. Wilson said Uber gave her law firm "unfettered access" to people and documents that were needed for the Fowler investigation. Problems at Uber are not unusual in the technology industry, given the company's size of more than 14,000 employees, said Wilson, whose firm has done similar work for the biggest tech companies in the nation. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick/Twitter. Read more on: Automotive, Uber, Waymo, Travis Kalanick, Social Media, Twitter, Sexual Harassment May Interest You: New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20 2. HP Delivers New Omen Gaming PCs 3. Net Neutrality: Day of Action Planned 4. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 5. Leak Reveals Flawed Election System MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN AUTOMOTIVE TECH 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 3. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 4. Investors Pick Tesla Over GM 5. Google Expands Paid Carpooling NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Login Remember me Submit a Tip Login Create Account Subscribe Follow Us Get Our App Main Top Reviews Hot Games Watch List Forums Deals BuyBack ★ TouchArcade needs your help. Click here to support us on Patreon. ★ News 'Blackbox', 'Splitter Critters', 'Mushroom 11', 'Old Man's Journey', and 'Severed' Win Apple Design Awards at WWDC Author Eli Hodapp Posted On2017-06-07 14:00:19 Featured, News This year Apple handled the Apple Design Awards a little different from previous years, and honestly, it's probably for the better. Previously, the Apple Design Awards took place after the keynote on the same stage. Turnout was often mediocre as members of the media were off powering away at covering everything announced during the keynote and developers similarly were obsessed with pouring through all the newly released betas. This time around, the awards were given out in a intimate setting with the winners and a few Apple executives. Five objectively fantastic games took home Apple Design Awards, and honestly, I'd be a little shocked if you didn't already own most, if not all of these, if you're a regular here on TouchArcade. Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel Blackbox - think outside the box, Free Early last year, the beta for Blackbox kicked off in our forums, and community members seemed to love this obscure puzzle game. I think a game like Blackbox is better experienced knowing nothing about it, so if the above trailer at all looks interesting, just download it. In the game you're tasked with solving all sorts of puzzles in incredibly ingenious ways that utilize all the different inputs of your iOS device. What does that mean, exactly? I'm not going to spoil it. If you get stuck, head into the thread in our forums for some hints. Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel Splitter Critters, $2.99 When we first saw Splitter Critters at PAX, the discussion surrounding it was something along the lines of, "This game is either going to fail, or it'll win an Apple Design Award." It seems, for once, we're on the good timeline where this well-deserving game got the recognition it deserves. It's played by making slices on the screen, then dragging the game world to allow you to move your Lemmings-like characters back to their spaceship. Check out the trailer, and for much (much) more on how the game plays out, take a look at our review. Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel Mushroom 11, $4.99 The release of Mushroom 11 was a little strange, as it launched on Steam first, but from day one was one of those PC games that obviously would be way, way better on touch devices. Sure enough, when it finally hit the App Store, that turned out to be true. In the game you're moving a giant fungus around by shoving it with your finger. It's a super basic gameplay mechanic that the game beautifully explores in totally unexpected ways. For more, dig into the thread in our forums. Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel Old Man's Journey, $4.99 We've talked about it at length on our podcast, Carter gushed over it in his review, and everyone else seems to be loving Old Man's Journey. If you haven't played it yet, it's another one of those games that feel like it really plays best on mobile. You control an old man, taking a journey, and that path is made by you interacting with the game world dragging different layers to make a path. It's as much of an experience as it is a game, and shouldn't be missed. Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel Severed, $2.99 Severed had a weird history, as it was announced for mobile, then became a PS Vita exclusive, the was re-announced for mobile, and finally released. The game combines Infinity Blade-like swiping combat with what feels like a full-featured adventure game with a story that's fantastic and an aesthetic that's hard to beat. There's loads of things in the game that make nods to Zelda, which is always a welcome addition. For more details on Severed, read our full review. Splitter Critters by RAC7 Games $2.99 Watch Button Watch App Mushroom 11 by Untame $4.99 Watch Button Watch App Old Man's Journey by Broken Rules $4.99 Watch Button Watch App Blackbox - think outside the box by Ryan McLeod Free Watch Button Watch App Severed by DrinkBox Studios $2.99 Watch Button Watch App Retro Puzzle Platformer 'Pocket Kingdom' Launching June 15th on the App Store CBS' 'Candy Crush' Game Show Trailer Out, Jimmy Kimmel Pokes Fun at It Sponsors Support Us Support TouchArcade on Patreon Chat With Us Join us on the TouchArcade Discord server Latest Podcast WWDC Preparations - The TouchArcade Show #209 Latest Reviews $4.99 StarStarStarStarStar Beholder Role PlayingUniversal 6 days ago $2.99 StarStarStarStarNone Subdivision Infinity AdventureUniversal 6 days ago $4.99 StarStarStarStarNone Chroma Squad StrategyUniversal 1 week ago $4.99 StarStarStarNoneNone [Premium] RPG Onigo Hunter Role PlayingUniversal 2 weeks ago $3.99 StarStarStarStarStar Steredenn ArcadeUniversal 2 weeks ago $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Penarium ArcadeUniversal 2 weeks ago Hot Games $2.99 Dead Age Role PlayingUniversal Released 8 hours ago Free Art of Conquest StrategyUniversal Released 2 days ago $4.99 Monument Valley 2 PuzzleUniversal Released 3 days ago Free Rogue Wizards Role PlayingUniversal Released 2 weeks ago Free StarStarStarStarNone Guns of Mercy ArcadeUniversal Released 13 weeks ago $1.99 Super Nano Jumpers ArcadeUniversal Released 20 hours ago Game Releases Farming Simulator 18 (By GIANTS Software GmbH) (13) Dawn of Crafting (by Goktug Yilmaz) (20) Epic Little War Game (By Rubicon) (62) Agent Aliens (by Indigo Gaming PTE LTD) (23) Zombat (by Brackish Games) (5) Yeah Bunny! (by Adrian Zarzycki) (1) Planet of Cubes - Survival Multiplayer MMO in the Massive Open World (133) Dead Age (by Headup Games GmbH & Co KG) (7) Art of Conquest (by Lilith Games) (51) The Quest - Thor's Hammer (by Redshift) (17) STREET FIGHTER IV Volt - [Capcom] (41493) Rogue Wizards (by Spellbind Studios) (484) One Tap Rally (by Razmobi) (107) Skullgirls (By LINE Corporation) (113) Maze Bandit (by Gamestone) (99) Kosmonavtes: Escape Reality (by LKMAD) (0) Family Feud� Live! (by Umi Mobile Inc) (14) Soccer Star 2017 Top Leagues (by Genera Mobile) (1) New Game Threads Yeah Bunny! (by Adrian Zarzycki) (1) Kosmonavtes: Escape Reality (by LKMAD) (0) Soccer Star 2017 Top Leagues (by Genera Mobile) (1) Heroes of Steam (0) Iron League (1) Dead Age (by Headup Games GmbH & Co KG) (7) Mr. Mustachio 2 (by Shobhit Samaria) (2) [Free] Cat in the woods (0) Sucker Punch Mech Gunner (1) [NZ, PH] Lowlander II: Lowerlander (by Flat Black Films) (3) Massive Match (by Cozy Barrel) (0) Catch The Kitty - Story of Bella (by FAITH Studio) (0) [PH Soft Launch] LEGO� Quest & Collect (by NEXON Company) (8) DEAD PLAGUE: Zombie Outbreak (by GameSpire Ltd.) (2) Space Colonizers Idle Clicker (by CapPlay.com) (1) Super Nano Jumpers (By Xigma Games) (10) Oka�di Planet Challenge (by IDKIDS) (0) GX Monsters (by FunGenerationLab) (0) General Discussion The June 2017 RPG Reload Play-Along: Final Fantasy 5 (68) 32-Bit Games that will be obsolete with iOS 11 (3) Any good Rummy card games available on Iphone? (10) Games broken by iOS 10.3 (71) List Of Adventure Games (Part 2) (6707) Best place to find beta testers? (3) Noodlecake beta testers needed! (2) Imbroglio Izu Discussion (10) Playdek? (2) Recommendation for business tycoon game? (3) Ios game concept (0) I've updated my iOS device / OS specs grid (0) Are there any good Augmented Reality games for iPhone/iPad? (0) Dream League Soccer custom kits (35) Upcoming iOS Games of 2017 (38) Sound player with C64 music for IOS (1) Games that use subscriptions? (0) Recommended games that support iOS 6? (1) Promo Codes $10 iTunes credit for 3D Fidget Spinner Download & Review (20) [iOS] Fast 15$ iTunes Gift Card Give Away (15 entries = draw) (21) $10 PayPal Contest for Chit Chat iOS App Review (20) Tappy Sky - 15$ PayPal Contest + In-App Promocodes (14) $10+ Gift Card for Lucky Review - SpinUp : Original (15) SumiKen Promo Codes (25) [FREE PROMO CODE] GoodJunk game for iPhone (3) $10 PayPal Contest - Third Grade Learning Games Review (8) $10 PayPal Contest - Barnyard Games App Review (15) The Emoji Quiz - 10$ CONTEST Download & Review (8) Space Lasers - 10$ CONTEST Download & Review (11) $20 PayPal Contest for Rocklien Run - Endless Space Runner (11) 2 x $25 PayPal Winners for new pirate game (23) $10 PayPal Contest for Bauernroulette App Review (16) [FREE PROMO CODES] Prison Run and Gun (64) [40 In-App Promo Codes] Fresh Golf (4) Picon - Weekly Photo Contest (Cash awards & Amazon Gift Cards) (5) Promo codes for Compass for Apple Watch (0) Upcoming Releases Slam Mania (accepting beta testers) (27) Monster Buster: World Invasion � geo AR game (looking for Android beta testers!) (0) Street Fighter IV: Champion Edition (64) Bacon May Die - pig based beat em up & shoot em up (beta testing) (6) Noblemen: 1896 (Foursaken Media) - strategy + 3rd person cover based shooter (410) Dyna Knight! - An Explosive Runner Game by Parta Games (2) Farm On!-Farming game with unique user interface optimized for single-handed gameplay (58) Swing King and the Temple of Bling (24) Blocky Farm - a voxel mobile farm manager (262) Dungeon Tower - Pool-like Dungeon Crawler (2) SKYFURY - Dodge Missiles, Lasers & more in challenging 1-TOUCH Voxel Gameplay (4) Monsters! (Lovecraft themed monster hunting) (7) Puzzle game experts needed to find highest possible score! Laps - Fuse by QuickByte (1) Lucky Strike:Slot Machine RPG (2) [Beta} Selfie Poker - unique solitaire poker puzzle (9) The puzzling game Pocket Kingdom is coming to iOS in June! (3) Smash Supreme Early Access Update! (0) Lowlander II: Lowerlander (retro-RPG looking for a few beta testers) (6) Dev Discussion Common words translation sheet for Indie game developers (60) Naming for Lite and Full version (1) Do you make games off popular memes/videos? (1) DashyBird One touch cringe game Looking For Publisher (0) Upcoming Platform Game: Suzy Cube (156) Which app icon do you prefer? (Need Advice!) (6) Everest Attack 2 (by Jabatoba) need help and feedback (3) FlatFatCat - A casual funny cat game (0) monetization model (1) Basketball Game + Complete Game Template (0) Invested 30k in App Store only to get disappointed (19) Best AD Source for FB Games (0) Looking for feedback on my game (4) How to make your iOS game more discoverable? (5) Releasing on iOS free or paid version? And some promotion advices needed. (7) Los Angeles Mobile Gamers: Visit a Dev Studio! (2) Help with promotion (6) Article: How to Seriously Plan and Design an App (0) Services for Trade Independent Music & Audio Talent | The Higher Eclectic Ground Thread (74) Sam Foster Sound | Experienced Indie Composer for Hire (11) [Composer] Indie VGM in the style of FTL, Binding of Issac, Hotline Miami, Terraria.. (1) Independent Art Talent | The Higher Eclectic Ground Thread (24) Luke Jackson | Music Composer (3) Matthew Dear - Audio Programmer/SFX & Dialog Artist/Composer (68) 2D freelance artist (26) Free Music Resource - soundimage.org (147) Illustrator/Concept Artist available for freelance work (37) Level Up Audio - Custom Music and Sound Effects for Games, Trailers, and More (0) [composer] Musician looking for new opportunities! (0) [Paid] Composer Looking for Next Great Adventure! (0) 2d illustrator/concept artist (6) Freelance 2d artist and Illustrator looking for work (4) [Paid] Robert Jung: Multi-Genre Composer from the Netherlands (18) Publisher looking for horror, scary, weird, etc games (0) Wyvern_music professional music composer (0) Satsuma Audio - Professional, Affordable Sound and Music (32) Other Discussion What song are you guys listening to at the moment? (2951) Dumb things about iPhones? (9) 🎉🎈🎁🎂Happy Birthday🎂🎁🎈🎉 (389) Nintendo Switch (600) What game are you playing the most, right now? (545) The Playstation 4 (PS4) Thread! (1090) Making my app free - What is best site to promote w (2) My opinion on how iPhone turns out to be till now. (0) I'm getting Surgery tomorrow. (12) What are you watching on Netflix (146) Playstation Vita Discussion Thread (8815) The Virtual Reality (VR) thread! (43) Chris Cornell RIP (2) Eye Strain and Neck Pain (16) Radiangames pulled from French app store ? (12) what do you want from your next handheld gaming system? (24) Introductions (28) Knights of pen and paper 2 (1) Site Feedback TouchArcade - iOS source code.. (10) So whats the plan going forward with the app? (3) Can I change my username? (3) How to View New Threads (0) Idea for making these forums more useful (3) Apple commissions and TA (4) Voting System question (2) Who are the current moderators? (2) Can I Post In This Thread? (4) Cannot search for things (2) Appinfo tag not working. (1) Looking for ideas of revamping the forums for 2017 (14) Comments via app broken? (52) Why can't I send PMs? (5) Star ratings on forum thread not showing (5) forum not working or working slow (0) Any chance of getting a Nintendo switch section of the forums? (6) Looking for new recruits to join the Spam Police Force on the forums. (73) Pages About Us, PR Contact, Advertise Advertising Career Opportunities - Write For TouchArcade Job Board Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops - Mobile Privacy Policy / DMCA Copyright Agent Sending Promo Codes for Giveaways Support Support TouchArcade via Shopping on Amazon TouchArcade Advertising and Editorial Policies TouchArcade's List of iPad Games with iCade Support Upcoming Categories 360iDev (3) Accessories (93) Android (192) Apple TV (38) Apple Watch (16) Applications (172) Companion (36) Emulator (55) Internet (1) Jailbreak (21) Misc (5) Music (5) Utility (16) April Fools' Day (9) Best iPad Games (114) Best iPhone Games (127) CES (8) CES 2010 (3) Classic Reload (11) Controller Support (97) Deals (41) Developer Corner (7) Development Tools (10) E3 (145) E3 Expo 2009 (18) E3 Expo 2010 (15) E3 Expo 2010 (1) E3 Expo 2011 (13) E3 Expo 2012 (25) E3 Expo 2013 (28) E3 Expo 2014 (20) E3 Expo 2015 (20) E3 Expo 2016 (4) Editor's Notes (17) Editorials (58) The Carter Crater (28) The Fretz Zone (5) The Tasos Principle (2) Exclusives (141) Featured (1,642) First Impressions (198) Forums (6) Game of the Month (1) Full Content (209) Game Center (2,276) Game of the Week (194) Games (11,049) Action (2,165) Adventure (1,044) Arcade (1,166) Augmented Reality (51) Bear Driving Simulator (5) Board (157) Card (464) Castle Defense (36) Cave-Flyer (36) Demo (4) Drawing (31) Fighting (222) First Person Shooter (149) Goat Simulators (9) Interactive Fiction (69) Just Make Crossy Road, JEEZ (7) Man-Horse Dating Simulator (6) Massive Multiplayer (MMO) (84) Maze (92) MOBA (63) Music / Rhythm (162) Pinball (87) Platform (847) Puzzle (1,609) Quiz (17) Racing (559) Retro (532) Role-Playing (1,287) Runner (196) Shooter (944) Simulation (620) Social RPG (19) Sports (417) Strategy (823) Time Management (94) Tower Defense (222) Virtual Pet (30) Wi-Fi Multiplayer (15) Word (106) GDC (355) GDC 2009 (17) GDC 2010 (18) GDC 2011 (33) GDC 2012 (44) GDC 2013 (32) GDC 2014 (32) GDC 2015 (58) GDC 2016 (67) GDC 2017 (44) GDC Austin (1) GDC Austin 2009 (6) GDC Online 2011 (1) Guides (180) High Score Challenge (4) Humor (4) Interview (37) Interviews (50) iPad Games (7,763) iPad Models (141) iPad (38) iPad 2 (57) iPad 3 (41) iPad 4 (10) iPad mini (12) iPad Pro (1) iPhone games (10,640) iPhone Models (138) iPhone 3G S (22) iPhone 4 (73) iPhone 4S (24) iPhone 5 (34) iPod games (75) iPod touch (5th gen) (65) iPod touch games (8,202) Mac App Store (18) Macworld|iWorld 2012 (9) News (13,553) Online Multiplayer Nights (1) Thursday (1) PAX (23) PAX Australia (13) PAX East (10) PlayStation Games (1) Podcast (399) Prices (8,198) $0.99 (1,895) $1.99 (998) $10.99 (3) $11.99 (13) $12.99 (7) $13.99 (4) $14.99 (26) $15.99 (14) $16.99 (3) $17.99 (5) $19.99 (20) $2.99 (1,061) $22.99 (1) $24.99 (2) $27.99 (1) $3.99 (357) $4.99 (899) $49.99 (1) $5.99 (147) $54.99 (1) $6.99 (304) $7.99 (112) $74.99 (2) $8.99 (22) $9.99 (254) Free (3,063) Push Notification (97) Ratings (3,384) 1 star (11) 2 stars (59) 2.5 stars (102) 3 stars (412) 3.5 stars (746) 4 stars (1,154) 4.5 stars (595) 5 stars (306) Reinstall Monday (1) Release (609) Requests (3) Review (33) Reviews (3,829) RPG Reload (159) Rumors (24) Sales (1,132) Soap Box (8) SwitchArcade (19) TA Plays (362) TGS 2014 (10) TGS 2016 (10) TouchArcade Free Play (4) TouchStone (102) Uncategorized (15) Universal (4,720) Upcoming Games (6,399) Updates (1,777) Web-based games (14) What Do You Think (17) WWDC (10) WWDC 2013 (7) WWDC 2009 (21) WWDC 2010 (13) WWDC 2011 (16) WWDC 2012 (17) WWDC 2015 (5) WWDC 2017 (2) About Us "TouchArcade covers the latest games and apps for Apple's iPhone and iPod Touch. We are the largest site dedicated to iPhone and iPod Touch gaming." Promotional Codes While we now accept iTunes Promotional Codes for games, we can't guarantee that your app will be reviewed or covered. Only one promotion code is required. Feel free to send promo codes to tips@toucharcade.com. While we appreciate the promo codes, notable app pre-announcements and preview copies are also of interest to our readers. Please feel free to contact us at the same email address about these opportunities. Note: we rarely (if ever) solicit developers directly for promo codes. If you receive such an email, please contact us. Advertising We have advertising opportunities available to iPhone and iPod Touch developers. If interested, please see this page for more information: Advertise on TouchArcade Press Contact We welcome news releases, previews, screenshots and video links for existing or upcoming iPhone and iPod Games. We can't promise a personal reply but we do try to evaluate every title submitted. Please send press releases or general inquiries to tips@toucharcade.com. Copyright 2014, TouchArcade.com, LLC. iPhone Games
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root gizmodo The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard of Yet David NieldYesterday 1:13pm Filed to: iOS iOS 11 Apple 97 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Apps are now label free in the dock. (Image: Gizmodo) Earlier this week Apple showed off iOS 11, the next iteration of the iPhone and iPad operating system that’s coming later this Fall, but lengthy as its WWDC keynote was, there was nowhere near enough time to mention all of the neat features coming down the iOS pipe. We’ve got the beta up and running—here are the best goodies heading your way that Apple didn’t mention. Built-in screen recording Image: Screenshot Screen recording is useful for everything from sneakily capturing your friends’ Snapchats to uploading tutorials to YouTube, and while it hasn’t been too difficult to do on iOS in the past, with iOS 11 it’s built right in—you no longer need a spare Mac with QuickTime. The new tool, called Screen Recorder, appears if you customize the shortcuts in the revamped Control Center via Settings. Tap the red button to start recording, and the title bar to stop recording, and then the video is saved to your camera roll as normal. Instant Wi-Fi sharing Secure Wi-Fi is practically required for modern phone and computer use, but sharing you 45-digit password is one of the most irritating things in the world. iOS 11 is going to make that easier— though, you all need to be using iOS 11 devices for the trick to work, as 9to5Mac has found. Advertisement The process needs to be initiated by someone turning up with an iOS 11 device that’s not connected to the Wi-Fi—if that person tries to connect, then other iOS 11 devices already hooked up and close by get a prompt to share access (basically the Wi-Fi password). A one-handed keyboard Image: Screenshot iOS has now joined Android in offering a built-in one-handed mode for the default keyboard: It means if you’ve only got one hand free to tap out a message, then the keys become a bit easier to hit, especially if you’re using one of the larger iPhones models. To find the option, press and hold on the globe or emoji icon to the left of the space bar, then choose the left or the right configuration. The arrow that appears in the blank space lets you return to the normal keyboard mode when you’re back to two-handed operation. QR code scanning A bunch of early iOS 11 testers have noticed that the updated Camera app is going to come with the ability to read QR codes, just in case you come across any on your travels. If you’ve never actually seen a QR code in the wild they’re actually pretty useful. They can do stuff like give you access to Wi-Fi networks, share your contact details with someone else, send you to a particular website, or prove your ticket is valid for whatever gig you’ve shown up to. FLAC media playback One thing that has made the super music obsessive wary of iOS is the lack of FLAC support. FLAC, or Free Lossless Audio Codec, is an audio format that has zero compression. According to music lovers, compression can lead to loss of quality in music playback. You might miss the squeak of a finger across a guitar string or the lower registers of a bass drum. While Apple has maintained its own lossless audio format, Apple Audio Lossless Codec, since 2004, the big majority of lossless music available online is FLAC-based. Advertisement Sponsored And, as noted by this savvy redditor iOS 11 now supports FLAC playback. It’s still not available in iTunes or the music player specifically, but if you have any FLAC files hanging out on your iCloud drive you can simply tap to play them. App offloading Image: Screenshot Deleting apps that are gathering dust is useful for reclaiming storage space and generally keeping your iPhone or iPad running smoothly, but before iOS 11 appeared, deleting apps also meant erasing the settings and other related data for an app. Not so any more. If you go to iPhone Storage from the General menu in Settings, you can tap on an app then use a new feature called Offload App—this seems to delete everything but some key settings. Apple has also included an option to “offload” rarely used apps automatically. Extra app access to NFC As Engadget spotted, with iOS 11 Apple is opening up access to the NFC chip inside the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, along with (presumably) future iPhones—for users that should mean more of their iOS apps able to tap into the wonders of Near Field Communication. Think mobile payments, but also hotel room access, or instant one-tap access to a Wi-Fi network (Android users have been playing around with NFC tags for years of course). In some cities you can even use NFC devices to pay your subway fare. It’s difficult to say exactly how this new functionality will play out, but with Apple now embracing NFC it’s definitely one to keep an eye on. Typed Siri queries Image: Screenshot A bunch of Siri upgrades are to be expected whenever a new iOS rolls around, but hidden away in the Accessibility menu under General in Settings for iOS 11 is a new Type to Siri option: When Siri is launched, you can type out your question rather than speaking. Advertisement Advertisement Obviously this is aimed at those who can’t speak out commands normally, but it’s handy for anyone who’s in a quiet (or loud) space. By the way, you can already type commands into Siri in iOS 10, but you need to tap on a previous (spoken) query and then edit it. Restricting app location tracking Keeping tabs on your location is one of the most invasive permissions an app can ask for, even though a lot of them need it to function properly, and at the moment it’s only possible to turn location tracking on or off for a particular app (or off altogether on iOS). In iOS 11 there’s a new option which allows location tracking, but only while the app is being used, which means more privacy and more battery life for users. To take advantage of it, open the iOS Settings, select the app you want to deal with, then pick Location. There's life in your old iPhone yet 10 Tricks to Make Yourself an iPhone Message Master 14 iPhone Gestures You Might Not Know About 23 Things You Can Do in iOS 10 You Couldn't Before David Nield david.nield@gizmodo.com @davidnield Contributor Reply97 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Gizmodo Six Things Apple's Trying to Kill This Year  Yesterday 8:45am Gizmodo Apple Refreshes the Entire MacBook Lineup, and I'm Pissed Monday 2:11pm Gizmodo Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine a Little Less Secret Yesterday 11:10am Recent from David Nield 21 30.3K Field Guide · David Nield Protect Yourself Against Ransomware With a Solid Backup System 6/01/17 12:45pm 10 39K Field Guide · David Nield Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing 5/30/17 11:19am 54 47.4K Field Guide · David Nield How to Build a Smart Home Where Everything Might Actually Work 5/29/17 10:45am Share Tweet Need Help? Content Guide Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     June 08, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum Spark UP Research Video RSS Downloads Bworldonline.com Weekender Technology Apple takes aim at Amazon, Google with HomePod speaker Posted on June 08, 2017 APPLE, INC. entered the growing field of voice-controlled speakers for the home on Monday, taking on early leaders Amazon.com, Inc. and Google. New Apple HomePod smart speakers are on display during Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California, on June 5. -- AFP    RELATED STORIES Wearables market swells in first quarter -- IDC Just keep bingeing: How Netflix knows what you want to watch The art of the car Intel tries to squash rival AMD with new high-end PC chips Review: "Review: Lenovo Yoga Book" Apple’s speaker, called HomePod, emphasizes the enjoyment of music and looks like a wide can with curved edges. Unlike Amazon’s new Echo Show, Apple’s device does not have a screen. It will allow users to talk to Siri, Apple’s digital assistant, while at home and costs $349 -- almost double the price of most competing products. HomePod is Apple’s first major new hardware product since the Apple Watch’s release in 2015, and it comes at an important time for the company. The Cupertino, California-based technology giant is seeking new revenue streams after becoming heavily reliant on the success of the iPhone. The market for Internet-connected speakers and other smart home technology may be big enough to help Apple diversify. Shipments of intelligent home speakers surged nearly 600% year over year to 4.2 million units in the fourth quarter, with Amazon taking about 88% share and Google 10%, according to consultant Strategy Analytics. Spending on smart home-related hardware, services and installation fees will reach $155 billion by 2022, up from almost $90 billion this year, with devices accounting for about half of that, the consulting firm also estimates. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has stressed the importance of Apple’s services business, predicting it will double in size by 2021. The new speaker establishes a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into these services. It also combats the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: Those don’t support Apple services like Apple Music, which brings in $10 in revenue per user each month. Without an Apple speaker, consumers seeking smart home devices may opt both for competing hardware and services like Amazon Prime and Google Play Music. The product was introduced on stage by Apple executive Phil Schiller, who said it works closely with the company’s Music app and will ship in December in the US, UK and Australia. The Siri digital assistant has been updated to understand more spoken requests focused on music, he added. The device has already entered production, Bloomberg reported last month. It has been tested by some Apple employees in their homes for upwards of a year, according to people familiar with the matter. During this week’s conference, Apple also discussed significant software upgrades for the iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple TV, and Apple Watch and debuted new iPad and Mac computer models. -- Bloomberg E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.    MORE STORIES Apple takes aim at Amazon, Google with HomePod speaker Wearables market swells in first quarter -- IDC Just keep bingeing: How Netflix knows what you want to watch Intel tries to squash rival AMD with new high-end PC chips Review: "Review: Lenovo Yoga Book" Robots star of Taiwan tech fair Father of Android Andy Rubin unveils bezel-less Essential PH-1 smartphone Microsoft unveils new Surface Pro to reverse declining sales Review: "Review: Samsung Galaxy S8+" Google AI beats master in ancient game of Go    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. How 6 Filipino billionaire heirs are rising with Duterte shift to China 2. CIC aims to grow earnings by 15% this year 3. PSE index back above 8,000 on bargain hunting 4. Top PHL fund cuts cash as Duterte tax plan boosts stocks 5. DoE studying common LNG infrastructure worth P100B 1. Why Indonesian rural folks are better off than their Filipino counterparts 2. Income tax cut and the politics of envy 3. Are you ready for simplified bookkeeping and e-Invoicing? 4. DoF insists on original tax reform scheme as gov’t pushes infrastructure 5. Ayala’s Vertis North mall to open in QC © 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
Skip to content Search for: Search Kopitiam Bot News · Lifestyle · Tech · Singapore Home Current Affairs Technology Startups Money Matters Lifestyle Contact Us About Technology 2017 Apple Design Award Winners Announced: Severed, Things 3, Mushroom 11, Enlight and More Date: 2017-06-08Author: kopitiambot (Source: www.macrumors.com) The 2017 design winners include popular titles like Severed, Enlight, Things 3, and Old Man’s Journey. Games: – Mushroom 11 [Direct Link] – Splitter Critters [Direct Link] – Old Man’s Journey [Direct Link] – Severed [Direct Link] – Blackbox [Direct Link] Apps: – Kitchen Stories [Direct Link] – Airmail 3 [Direct Link] – Lake [Direct Link] – Things 3 [Direct Link] – Elk Currency Converter [Direct Link] – Enlight [Direct Link] – Bear [Direct Link] For more details on the games that were announced as Apple Design Award winners, including reviews, Each year, Apple chooses a selection of exceptional apps and games that are given the company’s coveted Apple Design Award to honor design and innovation.The 2017 design winners include popular titles like Severed, Enlight, Things 3, and Old Man’s Journey.For more details on the games that were announced as Apple Design Award winners, including reviews, check out our sister site TouchArcade 2016 Apple Design Award winners included Lara Croft Go, Frame.io, Chameleon Run, Auxy Music Creation, Streaks, Complete Anatomy, INKS, Zova, Ulysses Mobile, and djay Pro. More Info: www.macrumors.com Advertisements Share this: Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Telegram Email LinkedIn More Print Pocket Tumblr Google Like this: Like Loading... Related announcedappleawarddesignenlightgamesmushroomseveredthingstitlestoucharcadeulysseswinnerszova Published by kopitiambot Kopitiam Bot is a blog started by a Singaporean & his robot. They are passionate about current affairs, technology, startups, money-matters, lifestyle, and a good cup of coffee. We named our site Kopitiam Bot because it is essentially a human-serving robot that serves you the latest summaries and trends — all while you "relak one corner" in the coffeeshop. View all posts by kopitiambot Post navigation Previous Previous post: This artist’s charming illustrations make ‘adulting’ a little more manageable Next Next post: Singapore developers win Apple Design Award in a first for the country and South-east Asia Search for: Search Blog Stats 1,115,591 hits Recent Posts 3 Strategies to Help Women Boost Their Retirement Fund 2017-06-08 Pokémon Go Announces In-Game and Real Life Anniversary Events as Niantic Touts Apple’s ARKit 2017-06-08 Obama wore the same tuxedo for 8 years, according to the former first lady 2017-06-08 From salaries to politics, here’s a look at the Harvard graduating class of 2017 2017-06-08 New MacBook and iMac Models Now Widely Available at Apple Stores With Pickup 2017-06-08 Checkout Gulfstream’s next generation $45 million G500 private jet 2017-06-08 The Obamas have been touring the world since leaving the White House — here’s where they’ve been so far 2017-06-08 Starburst shares soar up to 13.4% on partnership deal 2017-06-08 Amazon’s lending business for online merchants gains momentum 2017-06-08 A likely shift in the mortgage market is creating ‘prisoners’ in housing 2017-06-08 Home Options for Singles and Single Parent Families 2017-06-08 Oil dives 5% on surprise build in US crude, petrol stocks 2017-06-08 Apple’s Concern With User Privacy Reportedly Stifling Siri Development 2017-06-08 Qatar row: Alternative arrangements made for Singaporeans returning from umrah 2017-06-08 HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that’s wrong with the economy today 2017-06-08 Categories Current Affairs (25,242) Lifestyle (6,703) Money Matters (19,582) Startups (709) Technology (16,481) Tags app apple asia bank best billion business car cent china chinese city companies company courts crime data day dont east economy finance food game games good group iphone know life man market markets million money need online players president price public report road security service singapore singapores south state states stock stocks street system team Technology things think times told transport trump trumps united used users video wall watch way week work world worth york Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 2,069 other followers © 2017 Kopitiam Bot Powered by WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s new in iOS 11? Hands-on with 100+ features and changes [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: What does the iMac Pro tell us about the all new Mac Pro to follow? Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: Apple announces iOS 11, macOS 10.13, HomePods, new iPad Pro and more Trending in Apple How & when to watch Apple’s WWDC keynote presentation live today Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.37 0.92 tvOS 11 brings Home Screen Sync and automatic dark mode switching to Apple TV Zac Hall - Jun. 7th 2017 10:51 am PT @apollozac WWDC 2017 Apple TV tvOS 11 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit While tvOS 11 didn’t see stage time at the WWDC keynote on Monday, there are two new features that you can try now in the tvOS 11 developer beta: Home Screen Sync and automatic appearance switching. Home Screen Sync is especially welcome for homes with multiple Apple TVs, and appearance switching handles dark and light mode based on time of day. Here’s how it works: Sony A6500 When you set up or update an Apple TV with tvOS 11, Home Screen Sync is a new option that can be enabled after connecting your iCloud account. You can toggle Home Screen Sync on and off anytime in the Settings app under General → Accounts → iCloud → Home Screen Sync. Here’s how Apple describes the new feature in tvOS 11: “Keep your apps and Home screens up to date across any Apple TV that uses this iCloud account.” Home Screen Sync will require tvOS 11 on each Apple TV to work so you’ll need to install the developer beta to see it in action for now, but a public beta of tvOS 11 is coming soon which is a first for the Apple TV. With Home Screen Sync enabled, you can rearrange your apps from any Apple TV running tvOS 11 and see the changes reflected on all other Apple TVs with the same iCloud account. Home Screen Sync also automatically installs apps across Apple TVs with the feature enabled. For example, I enabled the feature on my kitchen Apple TV without any third-party apps installed which automatically installed Netflix, Hulu, and YouTube and positioned them in the same place on my Home screen as my bedroom Apple TV. You could already use Automatic Downloads to prompt new app installs, but this new feature applies to all app installs and arrangements. Automatic appearance switching is the other new user-facing feature in tvOS 11. Apple TV gained a new dark mode in tvOS 10, but you had to switch between the light and dark appearance manually. tvOS 11 gains a new automatic option that changes between light and dark mode based on time of day. You can enable this by going to Settings → Appearance → Automatic. Light mode is enabled at sunrise and dark mode is enabled at sunset so you’ll need to enable location time zone for the feature to work. Then automatic appearance switching will toggle Apple TV between light and dark mode based on local sunrise and sunset times as they change throughout the year. tvOS 11 will also include AirPlay 2 in the future which will support multi-room AirPlay from iOS and the upcoming Apple HomePod smart speaker, and Apple TV-connected speakers will appear as a HomeKit target in Apple’s Home app. tvOS 11 also allows developers to increase On-Demand Resource bundles from up to 200MB to up to 4GB, right-to-left language support is added, and new background capabilities are available for developers to change how their apps work. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple TV View THe Guide tvOS 11 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts The 13 features in iOS 11 borrowed from the jailbreak community Anthony Bouchard on June 7, 2017 47 Apple releases a major new firmware upgrade for its mobile device lineup every year, and with the announcement of iOS 11 at the WWDC 2017 keynote on Monday, it’s somewhat ironic that Apple has once again borrowed many of its new feature ideas from the brilliant minds that make up the jailbreak community. In this roundup, we’ll discuss 13 new features in iOS 11 that have previously existed in Cydia as jailbreak tweaks before the new firmware, which is set to release this Fall, was ever even announced. iOS 11 features inspired by the jailbreak community 1. Customizing Control Center For the first time, iOS 11 brings Control Center customization to your iPhone or iPad right out of the box. You used to be stuck with whatever Control Center setup Apple gave you, but now you can hide or show items from Control Center and rearrange it to your liking without having to hack your device. This isn’t a completely new concept, as jailbreak tweaks like CChide enabled you to hide or show individual Control Center sections to hide things you never use and only show the things you do. Granted Apple’s implementation is cleaner and has more to offer, there are various other jailbreak tweaks that also added new functions to Control Center, like Onizuka. 2. On-device screen recording iOS 11 allows you to record your display from the device itself with just the tap of a button from Control Center. At one point, display recording was a jailbreak-only feature until Apple finally enabled the feature via macOS’s QuickTime app. Even so, this required having a Mac to capture your iPhone or iPad’s screen via video, and it wasn’t convenient for everyone. Display Recorder by Ryan Petrich was perhaps the most renowned display-recording jailbreak tweak ever released, but among the most recent releases to enable on-device display recording is CCRecord, which adds a button right to Control Center for recording your screen. For what it’s worth, the tweak used hidden code that was already present in iOS 10, and it’s assumed that this is the exact same code Apple is using to allow display recording on the device in iOS 11. 3. Pinning important Notes Among one of the many new features that comes jam-packed into iOS 11’s new Notes app is the ability to pin your most important notes in the app so you can easily discern them from every other one you’ve jotted down. If this sounds familiar, it’s because we only just recently showed you a jailbreak tweak dubbed Thumbtack that enabled this feature on iOS 10 devices. Notably, the jailbreak tweak also re-orders pinned notes to the top of the app, so it’s a comparable functionality to the one Apple is bringing us out of the box. 4. Cellular data Control Center toggle For the first time, Apple is bringing a dedicated cellular data toggle to Control Center that lets you shut off all cellular radios without having to use Airplane Mode or go into the Settings app to switch everything off. It’s perfect for saving additional battery when you don’t need cellular access or for saving cellular data when you’re close to your monthly allotment. The jailbreak community already answered this request by bringing a cellular data toggle to iOS with the CCDataMore jailbreak tweak previously, which also added a green toggle button to Control Center. For what it’s worth, the tweak used code that was already present in Apple’s iOS 10 operating system, and like the case with the display-recording tweak, this is probably the same code that drives iOS 11’s cellular data toggle button. 5. Translating languages with Siri Apple made tons of improvements to Siri with iOS 11, including new fluent voices, music-driven commands, and wittier jokes and personality, but another feature Apple is giving Siri for the first time is language translation. It’s a feature users have wanted for a long time, but the jailbreak community got to it first. Using an AssistantExtensions add-on dubbed Lingual, which was released just a few years ago, it was possible to make Siri translate words from one language to another. Without the need to use third-party apps from the App Store, having this feature embedded in a stock function of the device is nothing less than convenient, but the jailbreak community definitely served as inspiration here. 6. Scanning QR codes Android devices have supported it forever, and there are a host of App Store apps that enable this functionality, but one thing all stock iPhones have lacked since day one is the ability to scan QR codes. Apple is finally making it available with the release of iOS 11, and while it’s a bit late to the party, it’s integrated right into the Camera app for your convenience. Several jailbreak tweaks in the past, such as NativeQR, have enabled QR code reading in the stock camera app, so one might say that Apple’s idea to add it to the stock Camera app was, in part, derived from the jailbreak community. 7. Moving many Home screen icons simultaneously For as long as I can remember, anyone who wanted to edit their iPhone’s Home screen had to enter ‘jiggle’ mode and individually move each app icon one-by-one; iOS 11 is changing that in two major ways. Not only do you not have to go into ‘jiggle’ mode anymore, but you can now move multiple app icons from one page to another simultaneously. Much like having a jailbreak tweaks like MultiIconMover or MultiActions installed on a stock device, this will make Home-screen editing more productive and faster than ever before. Still, it’s fair to say the jailbreak community got to this one first. 8. Viewing animated GIFs in the Photos app Apple’s Photos app never supported animated GIFs out of the box; rather they always looked like still images any time you viewed them. Although it was quite a buzzkill for GIF-lovers, Apple seems to be taking a liking to animated GIFs in iOS 11 with native support. For what it’s worth, a jailbreak tweak dubbed GIFViewer unlocked this capability on jailbroken iPhones and iPads a few years ago, so the jailbreak community came up with a native-like solution before Apple did. 9. Applying a system-wide ‘dark mode’ Although it’s not specifically labeled by Apple as a “dark mode,” iOS 11 does appear to have an updated color inversion setting that looks an awful lot like one. If we could pin the tail on the donkey, we’d say the feature looks an awful lot like a hybrid between two jailbreak tweaks known as Noctis and Eclipse. In fact, some parts looks so much like Noctis that the developer said he will not be updating the tweak for iOS 11 should a jailbreak ever surface. The iOS 11 feature looks better in most stock apps than it does in third-party apps, but this is to be expected, as the same can be said for the jailbreak tweaks that brought this feature to iOS 10 and earlier. Whether or not dark mode jailbreak tweaks actually inspired this “accessibility” feature, it’s safe to say that it looks pretty similar to Noctis and that even regular iOS 11 users can take advantage of it if they like the aesthetics. 10. Low Power Mode Control Center toggle Low Power Mode is so useful for when you want to conserve power, but it has always been a cumbersome process to turn the feature on manually, as the toggle switch is buried deep within the iPhone’s Settings. New in iOS 11 is a toggle button for Control Center that makes it easier to conserve power when you’re running low or expecting to be away from the power outlet for a while. This should sound relatively familiar, as a jailbreak tweak dubbed CCLowPower was recently released that enabled a similar Control Center-based toggle on jailbroken iOS 10 devices. It’s worth noting that the Low Power Mode toggle tweak was using code that Apple already put into iOS 10 for the toggle button, but it was hidden from users; the tweak simply enabled it. 11. One-handed keyboard Another of the notable new features in iOS 11 that seems to be derived from the jailbreak community’s endless ocean of ideas is the one-handed keyboard. Apple’s largest iPhones have displays spanning both 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches diagonally, each of which are pretty typical for smartphones these days. Still, they’re pretty big for someone with smaller hands to comfortably type one-handed without the fear of losing grip and dropping their handset. The 4-inch display was perfect for one-handed use, so Apple took that into consideration by basing a one-handed keyboard off of this size. The concept is similar to a jailbreak tweak dubbed OneHandWizard, which essentially shrinks down the iOS interface to the size of a 4-inch device and offsets it to one side of the display for easier one-handed usage. While the tweak shrinks the entire interface and Apple only shrinks the keyboard, the implementation, on the other hand, is almost identical; without a doubt, the jailbreak community was onto this idea first. 12. Customizing AirPods gestures AirPods have been such a hot commodity that Apple can’t seem to keep them in stock. Nevertheless, they haven’t been very customizable since their launch. iOS 11 brings new customization features to the AirPods, allowing you to customize tap-based gestures for each AirPod. This means you can set up differing gestures for the left and right AirPods for maximum control capabilities. While Apple probably had this idea planned for a while, the jailbreak community was already working on a way to let you customize your AirPod gestures before they got to it. Siliqua was a jailbreak tweak we showed you in beta that got released into Cydia beforehand, so it’s only fair we give the jailbreak community some credit. 13. Subtle volume HUD The volume HUD has been a pain point of the iPhone and iPad platforms for a long time, as it has always popped up in the middle of the screen. This not only interrupts you when you’re playing videos or games, but it’s not as good-looking either. iOS 11 resolves most of the problem with an updated volume HUD that appears when watching full-screen videos. It works in both portrait and landscape orientation. For what it’s worth, the jailbreak community has been creating all kinds of new volume HUD solutions, ranging from some of the most original like StatusHUD to some of the more modern, like Sonus. While the implementations are indeed very different, that’s the difference between the jailbreak community’s ingenuity and Apple’s attention to detail. Wrapping up While there may be many other features shipping with iOS 11 in the Fall that jailbreakers have had for eons, these were some of the most apparent things I’ve noticed right off the bat without even trying the iOS 11 beta yet. If you’ve spotted anything that looks familiar from your days of jailbreaking, feel free to share in the comments section below! Tagged: Apple Apple News Cydia Firmware iOS iOS 11 iPad iPhone Jailbreak Jailbreak Apps & Tweaks News Roundup Software Update WWDC WWDC 2017 MORE FROM iDB 90+ new features shipping with iOS 11 this Fall Can your device run iOS 11? FunAppocalypse simulates the iPhone apocalypse in the skit from Apple’s WWDC keynote Jay Closer and closer to not needing a jailbreak every year. AMB_07 I used to jailbreak when I owned an iPhone 4. But ever since i’ve had an SE I never once felt the need to jailbreak, iOS finally feels advanced enough to be used as is to me. Jay Im with you. I used to jailbreak like it was my religion. My 7 was jailbroken but I updated in an attempt to fix an issue the Bluetooth was having with my car. I do miss certain tweaks but overall I feel as though I don’t need a jailbreak anymore. Wilber Alexander Flores The only thing I have jail broken is my iPad mini 2 on iOS 8 and that’s is a must for apps like movie box and what not but on my phone I like it stock especially now on iOS 11 it makes me less and less inclined to want a jailbreak but I would like a dark mode that’s 100% B. Braun I stiil look forward to Apple in implementing FolderEnhancer into iOS. 3 by 3 Apps on a drawer page, come on Apple you must be joking Sebastian Rasch Theming is my reason to jailbreak. Can’t live without it, stock iOS is ugly, above all the icons. Mike M. Powell After leaving the JB family when iOS 10 dev beta came out last year. It took me a while to get adjusted to the stock look. Now I think it’s looks lovely for some reason JohnS Yeah I can remember when I first started using iOS 7. I couldn’t stand the cartoony bright interface, but after about 6 months with it I picked up a phone that was still on iOS 6 and suddenly found myself thinking wow it’s just so dark and muddled. Not sure when it happened for me, but somewhere along the lines I went from not being a fan to preferring it and I didn’t even notice the transition 😛 #appleMindControl Matt Every year has been closer, but this might be it for me Jay Im thinking the same. Steven S. This. Is. Amazing. Greg Warren I must be missing something; I’m on iOS 11 beta and can only move one app at a time on the home screen. How do you move multiple? Carlos Reyes From what I have seen, you have to hold one application in wiggle mode while at the same time with another finger tap on the other ones you want to move. Alan Aurmont Wow, you left out probably the biggest and the best jailbreak tweak ever! Auto-answer of audio and video calls OneBigInFiniteJoinT I did a jailbreak every single time but as iOS 7 was launched I haven’t bothered after that. lookHOWMADheis i honestly hate when apple does this, for a company that preaches innovation, they could be doing way more with how much they are worth, i really hope the JB community starts to patent their tweaks just to sue apple down the line. Javier Gore Not sure if a patent will be granted to an innovation which is created upon a violation/tampering with Apple’s proprietary code in the first place. lookHOWMADheis I understand that, but do you not realize apple is damn near a trillion dollar company, they have more than enough money to hire more programmers and engineers to produce better products, is that hard to ask understand ????????? Why does a group who creates phenomenal tweaks not get the recognition they deserve mfs probably applied and apple and never got a good opportunity to help build tweaks you probably used and or pirated. Apple just started duel cameras android did it that years ago, the design of the phone compared to androids to me apple wins (certain) specs wise android wins. If the next iphone doesn’t come with better features I’m not going to buy it, doesn’t mean the millions of you won’t stand in line and spend 1000+ on a iphone that changed the location of the camera and added a few new features and tells you it’s innovative. micaiah Code can’t be patented. lookHOWMADheis Can a mf get an “Inspired by ….” JohnS Isn’t that a really really stupid idea? I mean correct me if I’m wrong, but lets pretend for a moment that some jailbreaker came up with a ground braking tweak that EVERYONE wanted, and the next day Apple figured out a revolutionary new security measure that put an end to jailbreaking forever. Are you honestly going to say it would be better to let that tweak die then to ever let it be adopted into an OS release because of patents? lookHOWMADheis I just think all devs deserves recognition, apple should hire or buy that tweak from a hard working developer I’m sure you pirated a couple of tweaks, buy the ones you really like, me being a self taught programmer putting myself though school to further my learning would be pissed if I created something for something I bought with the slave work that I do, and it was wanted by the masses I would want money if I buy an iphone I own it I can do whatever I want to it I understand it goes against my warranty but I bought this device 999, I see you like being told what to do, you can obviously see they can’t innovate for themselves they steal from the Jailbreak community, no I bet any kind of money let the Jailbreak community die you won’t get your precious iOS updates with cool features you’ll prob just get security updates. Think mfs think JohnS Ok, first of all I have never engaged in nor advocated piracy or theft of any app, software, music or ideas. 100% of my possessions (be they digital of physical) are purchased and I strongly oppose any theft no matter how rich the producers or how small in value the item. Second, just because you spend a lot of time and effort on something doesn’t mean that you’re entitled monetary compensation for it. People who make malware for instance are incredibly smart people that understand computers on a level that average person can’t imagine. But does that hard work entitle them to respect or money? No, it entitles them to fines and jail time. Now I’m not comparing malware to jailbreaking but I’m trying to point out that not all hard work is considered equal. While the jailbreaking community has brought about some really innovative ideas and apps (and Apple has in fact hired many of these people over the years) the vast majority of jailbreak tweaks are essentially that. Tweaks. And I would argue that if your income is made by exploiting security holes and your innovation is limited to changing the workings, appearance and layouts of other people’s hard work without their permission you’re not in the realm of patentable ideas. For instance if you wrote an app and I thought it was cool and made a direct clone of it, but changed it juuuuuust enough that it wasn’t a blatant rip off and added some of my own modifications on top to make it better than yours how would you feel about that? If I ultimately drove your out of business by leeching off your ideas and improving upon them how would you feel? Now you can argue that it’s not the same because a tweak only works if you buy the original so it’s a mutually beneficial relationship. And to this I would mostly agree. But the second you start to copyright derivative works of this nature you take your first steps down the path of transforming the community from an innovative group of people trying to improve things for the good of all to a toxic group of leeches that strangle the original developers from building their own apps. Again, you’re a programmer so I assume you know you typically don’t get every last feature and idea into your app on day one of release. What if you have a great idea for version 1.5 that you think will really please your customer base but before you can finish implementing it some enterprising individual makes it first, figures out a way to incorporate it into your app, copyrights it and sells it? The thing about derivative works is that they have their own set of copyright issues to work though and the second you say they should stand on their own and be able to supersede the rights of the people upon who’s backs they are built, you end up with a horrifying development future. I’m all for jailbreaking. I think it’s cool, and a great way of proving that ideas really are good. But I don’t think that the vast majority of them should be copyrightable / patentable. Now this response has gone on far longer than I would have liked, so if you want to have a conversation about apple stealing from others and having 0 ideas and what not. But I’ll simply say that ideas are not limited to one individual at a time and sometime it’s possible that two people have the same idea. Sometimes it’s even possible that an idea is shelved in light of a more pressing issue and by the time you go to implement it someone else had a very similar idea. Just because two things are similar does not necessitate theft and I’m not about to make those types of accusations without concrete evidence (that’s called slander and I don’t engage in that). lookHOWMADheis Home pod JohnS Sorry I guess I missed something, what does home pod have to do with anything? Also if you think I like HomePod, I posted on that article that I was disappointed with it, thought it was a waste of money and mentioned what I would have changed to make it more appealing. But I’ve been critical of that idea since the earliest rumors. mickey I’d hate much more if stock iOS stayed stagnant. Hopefully jailbreaking the next iPhone and iOS11 is quicker than iOS10. Sebastien I am not sure that Apple borrowed anything or was inspired by the jailbreak community. A lot of these features aren’t really groundbreaking. We’re talking about a cellular data toggle or dark mode here. These are features that are in Apple’s pipeline and aren’t necessarily a sign that Apple “stole” something from the jailbreak community, but rather that Apple finally found the time to include them in iOS 11. I think it was much clearer a few years ago that Apple was indeed taking features from the jailbreak community. Heck, they were even hiring tweak developers back then. Nowadays though, it’s just Apple making small adjustments to the OS, not adding radically new features. zuppa di mare Activator and CallBar is what jailbreak means to me. Anthony Bouchard Very useful extensions! zebonaut I noticed a spotlight search now will not tell you what folder an app is in. Benedict Looks more like borrowed from Android… Again, for me the main reason to use Android phones instead of iOS devices. Sorry but iOS just always lacks years behind… Anthony Bouchard Feature-wise, iOS is behind in many ways. On the other hand, the way Apple refines everything is /sometimes/ worth the wait. Blacklight: Retribution RIP jailbreak for iOS 10.3.1/10.3.2 and future updates. I feel jailbreaking is dead now. jalexcarter I feel like jailbreaking is definitely at its least relevant as it ever has been. Apple is finally giving people the options and features that they should’ve had for years that jailbreaking was largely created for. I still would always prefer a jb version of any iOS firmware over that same versions stock firmware…but having multiple apple devices, iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch, Apple TV, it’s harder to keep my phone running old software when the devices work so much better and more flawlessly when they’re all running similar versions. For instance I couldn’t update my Apple Watch to WatchOS 3 when it drops unless I also update my iPhone to iOS 11. That, paired with increasing time it has taken for developers to release a jb the last 2 or 3 years has made it less and less common for people to have jailbroken devices and the fewer devices that are jailbroken the fewer developers there are making new and groundbreaking tweaks for us to use. I’ve had my iPhone 7 for almost a year now and there’s only just been a barely usable jailbreak out the last couple weeks for it. I’m glad I stayed on 10.1.1 to be able to jailbreak but sadly not sure I will after seeing what iOS 11 and WatchOS3 can do. Hopefully this new JailbreakersUnite conference can bring some of those great minds together and create some genius teams like there were in the good old days of jailbreaking and have iOS 11 cracked lickity split. nova12 haha people have been saying that since like iOS 5. edit: I haven’t been jailbroken for almost a year. but power to those who are. Blacklight: Retribution It is more difficult to jailbreak now than it was when iOS 5 was out. Apple is smarter. nova12 It used to be very “difficult” to jailbreak. then dev teams were able to make it easy for a few versions, and now it’s more complicated again. for me, jailbreaking isn’t “worth it” anymore because (1) I can’t right now since I’m on the most recent version, so I tell myself it’s not worth it to make myself feel better and (2) most (but not all) of the tweak functionality I jailbroke for is available in iOS. That said, if a jailbreak came out for my version, I’d do it tonight. Oscar (kitsune.work) It is beyond ridiculous to claim they took inspiration from the Jailbreak community. If they did, we’d have a heck of a lot more awesome tweaks poured over by now or at least years sooner. Anthony Bouchard It’s probably likely that some of the larger jailbreak tweaks made Apple interested in the past, but as others have said, this is probably less so nowadays than it was back in the day. Unfortunately, so. On the other hand, it’s very cool to see what kinds of things Apple brings to iOS that jailbreakers have had for a while now. Mike M. Powell Still missing Native Quick Compose brownieboy MyWii is the still the killer for me. No way am I going to a pay a carrier extra money just to share data, for which I’m already paying, with my own devices. Anthony Bouchard I totally feel you, that was once the lone reason I jailbroke my daily driver. I used TetherMe, however, as I liked the way it used the native tethering feature. dr. M. Springtomize- for the sole purpose of populating home screen of my 7 plus with more then 5 rows of apps (which is ridiculous having 270+ installed app); Some sort of quicker dialing method directly within the Phone app itself, i.e. not having to use spotlight or browse Contacts (like on Android phones, when you start pressing first couple of letters of contact’s name on numeric pad, the phone app lists all the names beginning with or containing those letters). JohnS Thanks for the list. I had missed the pinning of notes, and am totally going to go take advantage of that right now 🙂 Also thanks for the clarification on the QR code. During the WWDC event the way it was stated I was under the impression that it was a Chinese only feature (which seemed strange at the time but I couldn’t find any mention of QR codes in iOS 11 and just assumed that must be region locked for some bizarre reason). Anthony Bouchard I too am very excited for QR code support! I like the way they’ve implemented it too. Minz Activator, BioProtect, Folder Enhancer and Springtomize are the main reason I still want a Jailbreak. KingShoter007 We are slowly reaching the point where a jailbreak will no longer be necessary for most users. A Safari downloader, a better Files app with offline transfer support, and removing the cellular download limit should suffice as long as you have a 6S or higher. For 6 and lower, Apple needs to add a SwipeSelection-like tweak that exists on the 6S via 3D touch. Featured Latest The 13 features in iOS 11 borrowed from the jailbreak community Daily Deals: $48 Logitech gaming mouse, up to 25% off SanDisk products, and more Meet HomePod, the new Apple speaker iOS 11 adds new dock, drag and drop and other iPad productivity features Apple announces new 10.5-inch iPad Pro Apple’s latest ‘Shot on iPhone’ ad features powerful narration by famous cosmologist Carl Sagan Apple’s new 21.5″ iMac with 4K Retina screen has user replaceable RAM and modular CPU Get a lifetime subscription to Hide my IP for only $19.99 How to test your RAM’s integrity with MemTest86 Safari Plus brings powerful customization options to Safari Jailbreak News Safari Plus brings powerful customization options to Safari This tweak keeps you from accidentally marking your email inbox as unread FunAppocalypse simulates the iPhone apocalypse in the skit from Apple’s WWDC keynote The 13 features in iOS 11 borrowed from the jailbreak community Social Downloader lets you download media from social networking apps Apps FunAppocalypse simulates the iPhone apocalypse in the skit from Apple’s WWDC keynote Apple honors select app developers in its 2017 Design Awards watchOS 4 lets you replace Apple Watch’s honeycomb app grid with scrollable list view Watch the first episode of “Planet of the Apps” free for a limited time Force Google Assistant to listen immediately after app launch with InstantAssistant Accessories iOS 11 lets AirPods owners skip forwards and backwards between tracks with a double tap Meet HomePod, the new Apple speaker Apple releases wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Podcasts Video: hands-on with Apple’s overhauled Podcasts app on iOS 11 Deals HideMyAss! VPN: 2-Yr Subscription for $54 LithiumCard Pro Retro Series Lightning Battery Chargers for $39 HomeSpot AirBeans X True Wireless Earbuds for $54 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 40 mins S&P 500 2,431.20 -1.94 (-0.08%) Dow 30 21,185.71 +12.02 (+0.06%) Nasdaq 6,292.09 -5.29 (-0.08%) Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Richard Saintvilus InvestorPlace June 7, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Should Be Takeover BaitMore InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips Shares of semiconductor giant Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) skyrocketed as much as 8% on Tuesday on twice their average volume, reaching a session high of $12.24. The run in AMD stock was riven by a combination of factors, including winning chip placement in Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) new line of iMac Pros. View photos Advanced Micro Devices (AMD)More Source: Shutterstock But if you’re thinking about locking in those gains in AMD stock, think again. Although there has been fear that chip rivals Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) and Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) would chip away at Advanced Micro’s recovery, those fears now seem overstated. With gains coming in from its major revenue segments, AMD stock now has a direct line towards my year-end target of $15 per share, delivering 25% returns. Beyond the upcoming launch its Naples chip in the second quarter, AMD now has two strong catalysts to keep the shares soaring. Reasons to Love Advanced Micro Devices Now Apple’s refreshed 21.5- and 27-inch iMacs — which Apple promises is the “most powerful Mac ever made” — are set to ship in December and will start at $4,999. (That’s not a typo.) 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Apple also referred the new iMac’s graphics as the “most advanced graphics ever in a Mac.” That’s a nice plug for Advanced Micro, whose Radeon Vega graphics chips will power the PCs. This could potentially increase AMD’s desktop volumes by 60%. Advanced Micro Devices is making moves suggesting it no longer want to play second fiddle to neither Intel or Nvidia. However, AMD has also become popular in a few emerging areas, such as cryptocurrencies like bitcoin — which has seen its value rise 200% this year and surged more than 8% on Tuesday, nearing $3,000. View photos “We are seeing solid demand for our Polaris-based offerings in the gaming and newly resurgent cryptocurrency mining markets based on the strong performance we are delivering,” an AMD spokesperson told CNBC on Tuesday. “The gaming market remains our priority.” Miners for cryptocurrencies use graphic cards from companies like AMD to mine virtual coins that can be sold or saved. And it now seems that Advanced Micro, which is seeing increased demand for its graphic cards, has begun to enjoy the cryptocurrency-related gains that rival Nvidia has already enjoyed. That’s to say nothing about the company’s computing and graphics segment, which now accounts for more than 60% of revenues, and grew almost 30% year-over-year last quarter. While AMD did disappoint investors by issuing weak Q2 guidance, fundamentally, the company is operating on its stated objectives.     And with Advanced Micro enjoying higher average selling prices in both the Client segment and GPUs, AMD is poised to not only beat its Q2 guidance, but could raise its forecast for the third quarter and rest of the year. After all, strength in Apple’s iMacs and cryptocurrencies have not yet been factored in its forecasts. Bottom Line for AMD Stock Looking ahead, not only is the company projected to swing to a 7-cent profit this year, but earnings are projected to accelerate next year by 328% to 30 cents per share. Go Long Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Stock With Confidence And while investors were spooked by conservative Q2 guidance, that’s been a part of the management’s strategy: setting expectations to over-deliver. All told, there is still plenty to like about AMD stock, even at fairly lofty valuations. Aside from the recent launch its Naples chip, Advanced Micro will also launch its two other Zen-based chips, which should sustain the recent strength in average selling prices. As such, my crystal ball maintains that AMD will regain $15 per share, yielding 25% returns from current levels. As of this writing, Richard Saintvilus did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Related More From InvestorPlace Wednesday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Bank of America Corp (BAC) 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits 3 Ravaged Retail Stocks to Sell Now The post Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 appeared first on InvestorPlace. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about The Verge There’s good and bad news about one of Apple’s most exciting MacBook announcements BGR News What Apple's next iPhone could mean for Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile The Street Apple's new dark gray keyboard and mouse are beautiful, but you'll have to buy a $5,000 computer if you want them Business Insider Apple finally made it easy to share WiFi passwords Business Insider After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider This is why intel leaders wouldn't talk to the Senate today CNBC Alibaba soars to a record high after saying its revenue is going to explode Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance An insurer just made Obamacare's nightmare scenario worse, and it could be 'the tip of the iceberg' Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video In defense of Trump tweeting (but not what he tweets) Steve: Twitter and most social media is an insight into how ugly, gullible and genuinely uneducated the majority of people can be while at the same time dividing entire communities and destroying civility. There was a time when people actually talked to one another and genuinely communicated. Now they just shoot rude tweets at each other or bicker endlessly about trivial nonsense on one another's walls. It's so sad to see the great potential of this media ruined by small minded pettiness and an unwillingness to defy the heard mentality, be objective, and above all else set aside ego in place of humility. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 521
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com BREAKING LIVE: Follow Daniel Dale's coverage of James Comey's testimony Business Uber fires 20, hires marketing exec in response to workplace culture problems The California-based tech company has recently faced complaints of employee sexual harassment, bullying and discrimination. Employees fired for sexual harassment, bullying and other behaviour included both managers and lower-level workers.  (Seth Wenig / The Associated Press)   By Tom KrisherThe Associated Press Wed., June 7, 2017 DETROIT—Uber, the world’s leading ride-hailing company, has taken two big steps toward repairing its corporate image: It fired 20 employees for a host of harassment problems and hired an Apple marketing executive to rescue its tainted brand. Those fired for sexual harassment as well as bullying, discrimination and other behaviour that violated company policies included both managers and lower-level workers. Some had retaliated against other employees after they complained about bad conduct, said Bobbie Wilson, a partner at the Perkins Coie law firm, which did the investigation. Separately, Uber announced Tuesday that it had hired Apple marketing executive Bozoma Saint John, who will be Uber’s chief brand officer. She ran global consumer marketing of Apple Music and iTunes. Her task at Uber will be to improve its brand image, an Uber spokesperson said. “Boz has a long track record of successfully creating emotional connections between people and the products they love,” Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement. Read more:Uber chief Kalanick’s wild ride remains a work in progress: Wells Article Continued Below More action could come next week when a report on Uber by former Attorney General Eric Holder is likely to be made public. He is supposed to make broader recommendations on how to change Uber’s culture. During Uber’s ascent to becoming the world’s most valuable startup, the San Francisco-based company took Silicon Valley’s penchant for sexism, for cutthroat, unapologetic competition and distaste for government regulation and kicked it up several notches. For a while, this worked well, pushing Uber’s valuation to nearly $70 billion. But this year, Uber’s aggressive corporate culture and 40-year-old Kalanick’s self-admitted need to “fundamentally change and grow up” has caught up with it. In addition to the sexual harassment allegations, Uber is the target of lawsuits, boycott threats and a federal investigation into claims that it has used a fake version of its app to thwart authorities. It’s also been accused of corporate espionage by Waymo, formerly Google’s autonomous vehicle arm. Uber’s former chief autonomous car researcher took confidential documents from Waymo before his startup firm was purchased by Uber, according to a Waymo lawsuit. Uber is also searching for a chief operating officer and chief financial officer as it prepares for a possible public stock offering. Uber Technologies Inc. retained Perkins Coie after former engineer Susan Fowler posted a blog in February about sex harassment at the company. Fowler wrote that on her first day at work, her boss propositioned her in a series of messages and superiors ignored her complaints. After the posting, Uber set up a 24-hour hotline to take complaints from employees, and hired Perkins Coie to investigate them. The firm checked into 215 complaints, and 57 remain under investigation. The hotline will remain in operation. The probe into Fowler’s complaints is still underway, and Wilson wouldn’t say if any of those fired, or 31 other employees placed in counselling, were involved in that. Wilson said Uber gave her law firm “unfettered access” to people and documents that were needed for the Fowler investigation. The problems at Uber are not unusual in the technology industry, given the company’s size of more than 14,000 employees, said Wilson, whose firm has done similar work for the biggest tech companies in the nation. Read more about: Uber Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 17°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs City TV unveils a Canadian 'Sopranos' for the fall Bad Blood, based on book about mob boss Vito Rizzuto, part of Rogers’ TV programming for fall 2017. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Canada 150 Missing Women Donald Trump Book Reviews Panama Papers Weather Blog Fresh Air Fund Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Women to Watch A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Apple Will Market the Siri Home Pod as a Less-Creepy Alternative By Garett Sloane - 1 minute ago Array 0 No Hugs for You! Imagine That Viral Seinfeld-Kesha Moment as the Perfect Lost 'Seinfeld' Episode By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago Array 0 Still With This? U.K. Politicians Flee YouTube as Election Ads Turn Up on Extremist Video By Will Jarvis - 2 hours ago Array 0 Samsung's Globe-Trotting Videos Top Online Campaigns, Building Marketer's Dominance By Will Jarvis - 3 hours ago Array 0 Sharon Horgan's Merman Enters Branded Entertainment, Stink Promotes Britton as Pytlik Departs By Alexandra Jardine - 3 hours ago Array 0 Uber Hires Apple Music Marketer Bozoma Saint John By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 20 hours ago 0 Bored With Basketball, Charles Barkley Goes All-In on the Stanley Cup Final By Anthony Crupi - 17 hours ago 0 Can You See All 1 Billion Colors in This Samsung TV Ad? By Ann-Christine Diaz - 23 hours ago 0 AB InBev Buys Stakes in Craft Beer Sites, Provoking a Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 22 hours ago 0 Is It Time for 'Fox & Friends' to Rebrand Itself as 'Fox & Our Friend Donald'? By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Apple Will Market the Siri Home Pod as a Less-Creepy Alternative By Garett Sloane. Published on June 07, 2017. Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the Home Pod at WWDC this week, but it won't be ready for consumers until December. Credit: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Most Popular Apple wants into your home, but not in a weird way. The Home Pod, Apple's Siri-voiced speaker, was unveiled this week, with a premium price tag -- $350 -- and Apple is playing up the privacy of the device. The marketing around Home Pod, which won't kick off in earnest until the fall, will focus heavily on the privacy aspect of Apple's device compared to the Amazon Echo and Google Home, according to people familiar with Apple's strategy. "They're really focused on privacy," said one person with knowledge of Apple's marketing plans. "There is no bloatware, no tracking, and they're not selling your information. That's completely different from Google Home and Amazon Echo." Related Stories Bravo's Andy Cohen on Authentic Brand Integrations, Like Amazon Echo the Bartender Wikipedia Editors Ask Burger King to Apologize for its Google Home Stunt Apple will need that privacy message to matter if it wants to catch up in the home-speaker space. Amazon has already sold 15 million Echo speakers, according to Forrester, and it is almost ready to launch its next-generation device that will feature a screen to display more information. Echo and Google Home have both been opened up to outside developers and brands to build services that interact with people in their homes and infiltrate their daily habits. Publishers like The New York Times and Bloomberg develop for the home speakers, appliances interact with them through voice controls, and consumers can shop through them. But they can also be perceived as creepy monitoring devices that listen in on the home, and sometimes turn on without anyone even prompting them. Amazon Echo has been subpoenaed for recording taken during alleged murders. "Apple is also starting to differentiate their approach to reassure consumers about their privacy," said Thomas Husson, a principal analyst at Forrester. "How their data is being used is a key area moving forward where both Google and Amazon are, for now, less legitimate given their core business models." Apple doesn't have the same demands on its business to commercialize consumer data, and it's taken a stronger stance against digital tracking. At the Worldwide Developers Conference, where it revealed the Home Pod, it also launched its next-generation operating systems and browsers, and it emphasized the ability to control Web tracking. The restrictions, however, could also make it tougher for partners to build for the Home Pod. It will be much more of a walled garden and privacy will be the biggest concern, said people familiar with the matter. At WWDC, Apple didn't have launch partners ready to promote special services, but that doesn't mean they're not being developed. "We are already thinking about it," said one media executive speaking on condition of anonymity. "We are discussing how we think of connected devices and coming up with the principles that will guide what we're going to do to be live on the Home Pod." Marketers that are developing for home speakers are looking for any new insights into consumers' mindsets. For instance, Tool North America, an agency that specializes in artificial intelligence and internet of things technology, is interested in even understanding people's moods based on how they sound talking to home devices. A person could be happy or stressed, and brands could use that for more targeted messaging, said Dustin Callif, a managing partner at Tool. That's the kind of data Apple could guard closely, but Callif thinks the company also will want to have the most helpful service it can. "If it's going to enhance their platform in a way that gives a better experience for consumers or brands," Callif said. "They'll understand this is all part of what they need to be experimenting with." In this article: A.I. Ad Tech Digital Mobile Privacy Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: Windows 10: A guide to updates Ultimate guide to older Office apps Review: Outlook Groups is now a pain on all platforms Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. The top 5 mistakes enterprise devs make when building mobile apps Outlook vs. native apps in Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android IT buyer’s guide: The Dell Latitude 5289 2-in-1 Review: Office 365's Delve, Sway and Planner fall flat More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac Opinion by Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols WWDC: Apple plays catch-up Yawn. Wake me up when Apple announces something new and innovative. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols Computerworld | Jun 7, 2017 9:46 AM PT Credit: Stephen Lam/Reuters More like this WWDC 2017: Everything you need to know about Apple and AR WWDC 2017: 10+ predictions for enterprise IT Apple's WWDC 2017 announcements: First thoughts for the enterprise Video Mingis on Tech: The MacBook Pro show-and-tell Opinion by Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols Google I/O: What about Android on... Windows 10 S is crippleware The Internet of messy things Windows as a service? Now, there’s an... Internet privacy? Who needs that? Microsoft is playing Windows hardball Of course your TV’s spying on you Amazon shows why you shouldn’t put all... What’s up with Windows patching,... If you want privacy you need to run... Show More I may have been the only tech journalist in the San Francisco area who didn’t bother with the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC). Why? Because I didn’t expect the company to announce anything new and meaningful. I wasn’t wrong. Oh, some people thought it was great. If Apple announced a new apple (the kind that grows on trees), some people would swear it was the tastiest fruit ever, before it was even ripe and ready to eat. I’m not one of them. The one bit of news that caught my attention is that Apple has stopped neglecting the Mac. For several years now, Macs have been the red-haired stepchildren of Apple’s hardware line. The new iMac Pro — with its entry-level eight-core Intel Xeon processor; its AMD Radeon Vega graphics and up to 16GB of VRAM; its all-flash architecture; up to 4TB of SSD and up to 128GB of ECC memory built-in; plus 10GB Ethernet — should be not only the fastest Mac ever, but also the fastest PC to date. But, at a starting price of $4,999, it had better be! You definitely will want a few for your megayacht. For mere mortals, the new and improved MacBook and MacBook Pro models, with their Intel seventh-generation Kaby Lake chips, improved graphics, and faster storage, are much more attainable. Their prices — the MacBook Pro starts at $1,299 for the 13-inch model and $2,399 for the 15-inch model, and the MacBook starts at $1,299 — are still high, but within reason. The new 21.5- and 27-inch iMac models, which also include Kaby Lake processors, better displays, faster storage options, and advanced GPUs, are also interesting, and at a starting price of $1,299, I can see one of these on my desk. But beyond that, all I can say to WWDC is, “Eh.” And, even while it’s nice to see new Macs, Apple should have been delivering such improvements all along. Perhaps Apple is finally feeling some heat from Microsoft with its new Surface Pro lines? Yes, the new iPad Pro with its 10.5-inch screen is neat, but do you really want to lug around a tablet that big? I don’t. I remember when the iPad first showed up. They were everywhere. How many people do you see carrying them around now? Apple is positioning the iPad Pro as a rival to laptops. Aren’t we done with this stupid idea yet? If I need a laptop format, I don’t want a tablet and a separate keyboard. I want a laptop. Is that so hard to understand? Someone told me he was thrilled he could run three — whoa! three! — applications on the new iPad. Get a grip. I’ve been able to run scores of apps on my laptop for the last 20 years. The final hardware news is Apple’s answer to Amazon Echo and Google Home, the Apple HomePod. This one is too little, too late — and it’s not even shipping until December. Then there was the software. For developers, there’s the augmented reality (AR) ARKit. For this, I have three words: Facebook’s Camera Effects. I also have another thought for all AR fans: Remember Google Glass? AR is a neat idea that’s still in search of a market. High Sierra macOS features minor updates, but nothing all that interesting. Another Apple fan gushed at me about the new file system. (And here I thought only my fellow Linux geeks gushed over file systems.) He especially loved its disk encryption feature. To which I said, “Apple File Vault 2 has provided this since OS X 10.7, Lion. This is more hype than advance.” As for iOS, I shudder with every new release. That’s because every release brings Wi-Fi problems and forces more users to buy newer Apple hardware. Indeed, I sometimes think that’s the real point of Apple’s new iOS releases. With iOS 11, get ready to say goodbye to your iPhone 5, iPhone 5c and iPad 4. Maybe it’s just me, but I prefer vendors that don’t virtually brick my pricey hardware after five years. Of course, I’m used to desktops that have working life spans of over a decade. Thanks, Linux! Even Apple, in a press release lauding iOS 11 as a major update, could only boast about its “powerful multitasking features, the Files app and more ways to use Apple Pencil.” Oh, and AR — can’t forget about AR. I did mention something about hype, right?  Just to recap, running three apps at the same time is not “powerful multitasking.” The lack of an adjective modifying “the Files app” suggests we’re supposed to be impressed by its very existence. Well, here’s a news flash: On Android, ASUS File Manager has been doing everything Files will do since about 2013. As for Apple Pencil, even the graphic designers I know don’t use it. Oh, yeah, why do I keep forgetting about AR? Well, wake me up when people start using it. It’s nice to see new Macs, but otherwise Apple is just playing catch-up and trying to make old ideas new with a coat of Apple reality-distortion paint. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to nap on Apple matters until the company gets ready to release a new iPhone. I’ll want to be well rested when the wonderful Apple hype train gets on the tracks again. Related: Apple Mac Apple iOS MacOS Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols has been writing about technology and the business of technology since CP/M-80 was the cutting-edge PC operating system, 300bps was a fast Internet connection, WordStar was the state-of-the-art word processor, and we liked it! Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results Opinion by Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols Previous Next Google I/O: What about Android on Chrome OS? Windows 10 S is crippleware The Internet of messy things Windows as a service? Now, there’s an argument for Linux Internet privacy? Who needs that? Microsoft is playing Windows hardball Of course your TV’s spying on you Amazon shows why you shouldn’t put all your tech eggs in... What’s up with Windows patching, Microsoft? If you want privacy you need to run Linux You still can’t turn off Windows 10’s built-in spyware Tesla will rule the car world Follow-up: MS-DOS lives on after all Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Open source has won, and Microsoft has surrendered I’m going to say no to the new MacBook Pro Clueless CIO cloud confusion continues Windows 10 runs again — but for how long? I want out of Windows patch hell AirPods: Just as bad as you thought they’d be I don’t like being force-fed Windows 10 Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Would you subscribe to Windows? I don’t want to be LinkedIn with Microsoft Is Oracle cooking its cloud books? Oracle’s API stance would be silly if it weren’t so... Oracle v. Google, and the end of programming as we know it Pausing on the PC death march Don’t be surprised when Microsoft Android shows up Malware is getting nastier, but that shouldn’t matter Nest’s Revolv and the Internet of Broken Things Is Apple rotting? Currently reading WWDC: Apple plays catch-up You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Could Apple's Next Move Finally Kill Cash? NBC News Alyssa Newcomb 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL America's fastest growing cities 15 commercial products invented for the military The new HomePod speaker may have stolen the show at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference, but there was one announcement that could help ring the death knell for something many of us use every day: cash. Popular Searches Alibaba Group Holding Ltd BABA ▲ 138.61 +12.93 +10.29% JM Smucker Co SJM ▼ 129.99 -0.82 -0.63% Boeing Co BA ▲ 189.64 +1.59 +0.85% When the iOS 11 update is rolled out to iPhones and iPads this fall, it will come equipped with a new Apple Pay feature that will support peer-to-peer payments in iMessage, further bolstering the functionality of the mobile payments solution Apple introduced in October 2014.© Apple's Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi speaks about Apple Pay on stag... Image: Apple's Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi speaks about Apple Pay "What this does is it makes you think about Apple Pay a lot more than you did before, particularly if you are in a demographic of people who already use Venmo," Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, told NBC News. "Based on how easy it is to do this, people are going to start sending money all over the place." The move directly positions Apple to compete with PayPal's Venmo and the Square Cash app, both popular solutions among a younger demographic looking to split rent payments, dinner bills or to just get a quick loan from a friend. Related: The Highlights from Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Venmo reported processing $6.8 billion in payments during the first quarter of this year, more than double the amount it processed during the same period last year. Offering free peer-to-peer payments can make monetization difficult; however, Venmo charges a 3 percent fee for using your credit card and also makes money off of merchant fees. Square Cash makes money from merchant fees and charges users a 1 percent fee if they choose an expedited deposit to their bank account. Apple now wants its own piece of the pie — and this could be a way to draw more iPhone users into Apple Pay. However, there's one big downside, said Moorhead. Load Error "While Apple Pay has a really good experience, it does require a lot of things to be in line for it to work," he said. Chief among them: You and the person you want to send money to will both need compatible Apple devices. For this reason, Apple Pay's new feature may merely "put a dent" in Venmo and Square Cash, said Moorhead. He doesn't see it as being the sole dominating force in the peer-to-peer payments space. What About Apple Pay? Apple executives said that by the end of the year, 50 percent of retailers in the United States will be accepting Apple Pay at checkout. Apple's technology requires merchants to be set up with Near Field Communication readers, unlike Samsung Pay, which is much more widely accepted since it doesn't require retailers to be set up with any additional point of sale equipment. Mobile payment is continuing to seep into the mainstream. In the United States, 46 percent of consumers — approximately 114 million people — reported making a mobile payment last year, according to Pew Charitable Trusts. Still, the U.S. Federal Reserve points out that "myths" about a completely cashless future have been circulating ever since the advent of credit cards, yet cash has clearly continued to be an integral part of the day-to-day experience. Data released last year by the Fed found that demand for U.S. currency is growing domestically and internationally. The research also found that 89 percent of Americans carry cash sometimes or always, with the average person having a little more than $20 in their wallet. While a completely cashless future may not be entirely in the cards for the United States just yet, cash is rarely used in Sweden. Some places even won't accept bills of the national currency — the Swedish krona, instead posting signs that only cards or mobile payments are welcome. Sweden doesn't want your cash. pic.twitter.com/H20aTrKpyt— Alyssa Newcomb (@AlyssaNewcomb) May 26, 2017 Much of that is due to Swish, an app owned by six Swedish banks. It's become a popular payment method used by 5.5 million people, more than half of the Swedish population. The app allows users to do everything from making instant peer-to-peer payments to shopping online or grabbing a snack from a food truck. As mobile payments and card use continue to increase, the number of Swedish krona in circulation has fallen, with about $53 billion SEK in circulation as of April ($6.1 billion USD), compared to nearly $68.2 billion SEK circulation in 2015, according to data from Sweden's Riksbank. While we might completely take a page from Sweden, Moorhead said the country — and others, such as South Korea — provide a glimpse at the potential for the future of payments. "I do believe cash's days are numbered," said Moorhead. "But it is only going to happen if there is a pervasive payment method that 95 percent of all terminals can use, otherwise it is not going to work," he said. For now, "Cash and credit are still king." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from NBC News Four Dead in Murder-Suicide in Pennsylvania Supermarket NBC News Murder Suspect Arrested After 45 Years On The Run NBC News LIVE BLOG: Comey to Testify on Trump, Russia NBC News NBC News View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple still hasn't fixed Siri's biggest problem The Verge Sean O'Kane 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL America's fastest growing cities 15 commercial products invented for the military © Provided by The Verge If you were listening to Apple’s keynote address at the Worldwide Developer’s Conference this week, you might have walked away thinking that this is the year (and the version of iOS) that Siri finally feels like a capable digital assistant. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 154.70 -0.66 -0.42% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 1,008.50 -1.42 -0.14% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 71.96 -0.42 -0.58% Apple announced it was adding a new visual interface to its digital assistant, the ability to handle follow-up questions, and even language translation. Siri is also getting a new voice completely generated by machine learning algorithms. SiriKit, the development tool that lets third-party companies integrate with Siri, is becoming more robust, too. You’ll be able to type to Siri in iOS 11, and, of course, the assistant underpins Apple’s newest product, its HomePod speaker. What Apple failed to mention was whether it’s done anything to fix Siri’s biggest problem — understanding your spoken requests.  Voice recognition has been the biggest drag on Siri since the assistant’s introduction in 2011. Too often, Siri whiffs when it tries to interpret your commands. And even when it gets that part right, there’s a good chance Siri only gets you halfway to an answer before it crashes headlong into its own limitations. If that’s still going to be the case, more results won’t be enough to make it useful. Neither will a smoother voice. Google’s Assistant and Amazon’s Alexa aren’t perfect, but they consistently handle more advanced requests better than Siri. This is due, in part, to how Apple has lagged behind in building out its artificial intelligence efforts. Apple’s tendency for secrecy has reportedly scared away some of the best minds in AI out of fear that there’s no chance for recognition in Cupertino. Now, if Apple catches up on AI, WWDC might be where it turned the corner. There’s reason to believe it’s finally serious about AI thanks to Core ML, and what developers take away from this conference could help shape the company’s future efforts. But Apple still didn’t bother to mention what it’s doing to fix Siri’s fatal flaw. What Apple did instead was signal how it might try to get around those shortcomings: by changing what it considers Siri to be in the first place. “In iOS 11, Siri does so much more in learning how you’re using your device,” Apple’s software SVP Craig Federighi said onstage, before explaining with a demo. Federighi opened the Apple News app after reading about Iceland in Safari, and Siri surfaced stories about the country that he might like to read. When he jumped to iMessage for a mock conversation about traveling there, Siri suggested new, Icelandic vocabulary that it had pulled from those articles. Load Error © Provided by The Verge It didn’t stop there. Federighi briefly flashed a slide that teased some things Apple wants developers to focus on with SiriKit, full of terms like “photo search,” “workouts,” and “QR codes.” Another short demo showed Siri populating a notification about an upcoming flight. The new scrolling set of cards on watchOS 4 that splices photo memories in between the weather, traffic, and the day’s scheduled events? Siri. These sound like useful features, but they are far from what we considered Siri to be since Apple bought the company behind it in 2010, which is a digital assistant that we interact with directly. Many of them have nothing to do with talking (or typing) to Siri. In fact, Siri wasn’t spoken to once during the entire keynote. Apple has been slowly building to this for a while, starting with things like “Siri app suggestions,” a row of icons in the Spotlight screen that changes based on which app your phone thinks you want to use. But now the company appears ready to apply that thinking broadly, using the Siri brand as a catchall for machine learning tricks that are starting to become standard on smartphones. © Provided by The Verge If you buy Apple’s marketing, this is a major evolution of Siri. Really though, it helps mitigate the risk associated with Siri’s biggest shortcoming, because it means you’ll have all new ways of obliquely interacting with the assistant that don’t require voice recognition. But even if it alleviates that pressure, the move opens up a new attack vector on Siri, because none of these new features that Apple showed off seem to surpass what competitors like Google, Amazon, or Microsoft are already doing with their own AI efforts. So where does that leave what we once thought of as Siri? In August of last year, Apple told the world that Siri was finally ready to strut its stuff. Two months later, though, die-hard users were still finding the experience disappointing. These next few months leading up to (and beyond) the next iPhone release feel like another one of those moments of truth. We’ll either have more reasons to be frustrated by Siri, or things will finally turn around. Apple obviously feels confident enough in their digital assistant to put it front and center on every device; it even went so far as to build a whole piece of hardware around it with HomePod. When iOS 11 updates roll out to a billion devices, and the HomePod starts arriving in people’s living rooms, we’ll see if Siri has managed to catch up to the competition, or if it continues to leave users with the impression that Apple doesn’t have a handle on today’s cutting-edge AI. Ben Popper contributed to this piece. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From The Verge Apple reportedly adds simple Wi-Fi sharing in iOS 11 The Verge Here’s a sneak peek of Fisker’s all-new, ultra-luxury electric car The Verge Four stories of dating on Twitter The Verge The Verge View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Self-storage: a new option for property investors Huawei expands to make computers China's May exports, imports surge, beating expectations Virtual credit card for more users Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Huang, Song to star in ‘A Life Time Love’ Shanghai, Rotterdam mayors bolster sister-city ties New model of entrance exam makes debut in Shanghai Innovative programs to celebrate culture City seniors to get 100 more service centers Wide range of skills from all over world Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News World 9-Ball China Open starts in Pudong today Japan blow as Kagawa injured in Syria draw Warriors tune out 16-0 talk, focus on Cavs West try hands Lions 1st loss on tour of NZ Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Hotelier’s amazing ride to the top Go for fruity wines while flying or at high altitude A scrumptious breakfast gets us up and running The Hub celebrates famed robot cat Doraemon A watertown low in profile, high in aesthetics Art for children’s sake at Poly Theater Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Why West often overlooks China’s WWII effort Yokohama leads in resources management Consumers should plan to pay more for medicine Understanding the essence of stagnation Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   You gotta love our teeming city Give with humility: it’s about what you do at the end of day, not what you ‘sacrificed’ Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Artistic dialogue between East and West Before the dawn of Facebook there were diaries When the game is more about drugs than skills Tough ‘girl’ who fought Hollywood ‘Wonder Woman’ lives up to hype There’s more to Mexican than just tacos Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Huang, Song to star in ‘A Life Time Love’ Shanghai, Rotterdam mayors bolster sister-city ties Babysitter Shaking Infant Hard Triggers Internet Fury Educational Authorities Denies Report A Student Was Refused Entry To Exam For Being 2 Minutes Late 'Luxurious' shared bikes in Hangzhou have phone charger service The story appears on Page A9 June 8, 2017 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 What Does The Strong Q1 Growth Mean For China? 中国一季度经济强势增长意味着什么？ View more » Photo Sets Auto Shanghai 2017 Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday View more » Home » Business » IT Uber sacks 20, hires 1 exec in move to repair branding Source: AP | 00:01 UTC+8 June 8, 2017 | Print Edition UBER, the world’s leading ride-hailing company, has taken two big steps toward repairing its corporate image: it fired 20 employees for a host of harassment problems and hired an Apple marketing executive to rescue its tainted brand. Those fired for sexual harassment as well as bullying, discrimination and other behavior that violated company policies included both managers and lower-level workers. Some had retaliated against other employees after they complained about bad conduct, said Bobbie Wilson, a partner at the Perkins Coie law firm, which did the investigation. Separately, Uber said on Tuesday that it had hired Apple marketing executive Bozoma Saint John, who will be Uber’s chief brand officer. She ran global consumer marketing of Apple Music and iTunes. Her task at Uber will be to improve its brand image so people like it as well as they like the company’s ride services, an Uber spokeswoman said. “Boz has a long track record of successfully creating emotional connections between people and the products they love,” Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement. More action could come next week when a report on Uber’s culture by former Attorney General Eric Holder is likely to be made public. He is supposed to make broader recommendations on how to change Uber’s culture. During Uber’s ascent to becoming the world’s most valuable startup, the San Francisco-based company took Silicon Valley’s penchant for sexism, for cutthroat, unapologetic competition and distaste for government regulation and kicked it up several notches. For a while, this worked well, pushing Uber’s valuation to nearly US$70 billion. But this year, Uber’s aggressive corporate culture and 40-year-old Kalanick’s self-admitted need to “fundamentally change and grow up” has caught up with it. In addition to the sexual harassment allegations, Uber is the target of lawsuits, boycott threats and a federal investigation into claims that it has used a fake version of its app to thwart authorities. It’s also been accused of corporate espionage by Waymo, formerly Google’s autonomous vehicle arm. IT <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly New model of entrance exam makes debut in Shanghai Call to ban all live poultry markets China says US report ‘irresponsible’ Wide range of skills from all over world ‘Abortion wife’ given recompense and divorce Young Basketballers and Dancing Oldies Clash Goes Viral ‘Cocaine suitcases’ discovered at airport Flagship No. 1 store to close for big face-lift Beijing bathers expose naked truth of a practice still taboo Indoor smoking ban makes an impact though not in stairwells China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea Dash-cam Catches Mentally-ill Woman 'Faking Accident': Police Containers fall off, stranding cruise ships and passengers Nasty Night in a Restaurant Leaves Sour Taste For All Computers judge driving tests <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Huang, Song to star in ‘A Life Time Love’ Shanghai, Rotterdam mayors bolster sister-city ties Babysitter Shaking Infant Hard Triggers Internet Fury Educational Authorities Denies Report A Student Was Refused Entry To Exam For Being 2 Minutes Late 'Luxurious' shared bikes in Hangzhou have phone charger service View more » Latest Business News China's May exports, imports surge, beating expectations ‘Sophia’ draws attention to AI Chinese household confidence declines Tax breaks given to small firms Banks stop housing loans by raising interest rates Pre-owned home sales fall View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 | Tip-off hotline: 52920043 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals Fixing Your Cracked iPhone Screen Is Getting Easier — and Cheaper By Krystal Steinmetz on June 7, 2017 Photo by Rokas Tenys / Shutterstock.com Fixing Your Cracked iPhone Screen Is Getting Easier — and Cheaper 0 Click to follow Money Talks News If you’ve ever broken the screen on your iPhone, you know that it can be time-consuming and expensive to get it repaired. But that’s about to change. By the end of 2017, Apple plans to put a Horizon Machine — its proprietary screen-fixing machine — in hundreds of authorized third-party locations around the globe, including at the stores of electronics retailer Best Buy, Reuters reports. The move comes after eight states launched “right to repair” bills targeting Apple and other high-tech manufacturers’ proprietary and restrictive repair networks. Reuters reports that fixing cracked screens is a multi-billion-dollar global business.” Apple says the legislation didn’t factor into its decision to put its proprietary screen repair machines in third-party locations. Instead, the tech giant says it was spurred into action by lengthy wait times for screen repairs at some of its Apple stores. “We’ve been on a quest to expand our reach,” Brian Naumann, senior director of service operations at Apple, tells Reuters. Apple currently allows its customers to get their iPhones fixed — without voiding their warranty — at a nonauthorized repair shop as long as the fix causes no damage to the device. However, the Horizon Machines are specifically designed to fix more serious damage. For example, only the Horizon Machine can install a replacement fingerprint sensor on the device — a feature that’s vital to some of the iPhone’s most basic functions, like unlocking the phone. Have you ever had to replace an iPhone screen? Share your experiences below or on Facebook. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,574 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,574 happy subscribers 122,957 12,193 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing Survey Sites to Turn Extra Minutes Into Extra Money 10 Strategies to Save Big Bucks on Amazon 20 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property 6 Cellphone Secrets That Can Save You Hundreds of Dollars a Year Trending Stories 5 Trends New College Grads Need to Know to Land a Great Job It can be tough getting that first "real job" out of school, but you can improve your chances with these insights from a major job placement site executive. It's Boating Season: How to Buy a Boat and Not Sink Your Budget 5 Tips for Helping Boomerang Kids Without Bankrupting Yourself Will Paid Parental Leave Soon Become a Reality in the U.S.? How to Buy a House — Getting the Best Deal on a Mortgage How a $1,000 Investment Can Make You a Millionaire How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings Earn Up to $2,700 a Year Watching Videos, Answering Surveys Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,574 happy subscribers 122,957 12,193 Comments MTN Solutions Center Find help with: Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Debt Collectors Social Security Find the best: Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan 2,088 Active Deals Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or bag free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Larger items may incur additional shipping fees.) A couple of best bets: Pyle 9" Quad-View Video Monitor for $55.54 (low by $22) Singer Esteem II 23-Stitch Sewing Machine for $82.46 (low by $8) Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 20 hr ago Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Disney Personalized Family Decal for free + free shipping Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 4 days ago At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free via this printable coupon. Some exclusions may apply. Click here to find a location near you. Coupon expires June 15. Jersey Mike's Subs Buy 1, get 2nd free At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 5 hr ago Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items qualify for free shipping. That's tied with our January mention and is the best sale we've seen from Burberry this season. Men's jackets start at $295, women's jackets at $395, women's boots at $140 $175, and men's shoes at $195. Burberry Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago Today only until 10 pm ET, Dick's Sporting Goods cuts up to 70% off a selection of apparel, shoes, sporting goods, electronics, and more during its Flash Sale. (Select items may have higher discounts; most prices are as marked, although select discounts apply in cart.) Shipping adds $5.99, although orders of $25 or more qualify for free shipping, as do most apparel and footwear purchases. (Large items may incur additional fees, as free shipping only covers up to $15 off the shipping cost. In-store pickup is also available for select items.) A couple of best bets: Slazenger Men's Tech Solid Golf Polo for $19.98 + pickup (pictured, $25 off) Field & Stream Sportsman 40° Sleeping Bag for $20 + $6 s&h ($20 off) Dick's Sporting Goods Flash Sale: Up to 70% off + free shipping w/ $25 Today only until 10 pm ET, Dick's Sporting Goods cuts up to 70% off a selection of apparel, shoes, sporting ... Read more. Updated: 28 min ago Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Versace Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 2 days ago TechRabbit cuts up to 94% off a selection of electronics as part of its Father's Day Super Gifts Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. TechRabbit Father's Day Sale: Up to 94% off + free shipping TechRabbit cuts up to 94% off a selection of electronics as part of its Father's Day Super Gifts Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 17 hr 1 min ago Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample to arrive in six to eight weeks. Nivea Men Creme Sample for free Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample ... Read more. Updated: 1 week ago RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by a buck. It measures 4" x 3". Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this product ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. DIY TriFidget Spinner for $1 + free s&h from China RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 19 hr ago United Airlines via DealBase offers United Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $48.20. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "United Airlines" in the top line to see this sale.) That's the lowest price we could find for select routes by at least $24. This price is valid on flights departing from Chicago, IL, (ORD) with arrival in Columbus, OH, (CMH) on September 19. This sale includes 85 routes, including New Orleans, LA, (MSY); Buffalo, NY, (BUF); Atlanta, GA, (ATL); and more. Book this travel deal by June 8 for travel from August 22 through December 13. Prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. United Airlines Nationwide Fall Fares from $48 1-Way United Airlines via DealBase offers United Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $48.20. (On the DealBase landing page, ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 20 min ago Gap offers its Gap Men's Everyday Stretch Slim Fit Khakis in Natural for $24.99. Coupon code "WARMER" drops that to $14.99 and bags free shipping. That's $19 under our April mention, a $57 savings, and the best deal we've seen. They're available in select waist sizes from 29 to 36 in length 32 only. Deal ends June 8. Gap Men's Everyday Stretch Slim Fit Khakis for $15 + free shipping Gap offers its Gap Men's Everyday Stretch Slim Fit Khakis in Natural for $24.99. Coupon code "WARMER" drops that to ... Read more. Updated: 41 min ago T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to use their phone number on any compatible Internet-connected smartwatch, tablet, or computer. Customers can get another Digits line for an additional $10 per month via AutoPay. Up to five numbers per device and up to five devices per number are supported. A qualifying plan is required. T-Mobile announces T-Mobile Digits launch T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 6 days ago Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $43.98. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "Southwest Airlines" in the top line to see this sale.) That's the lowest price we could find for select routes today by at least $18, although we saw such fares for $2 less last week. This price is valid for flights departing on September 5 from Boise, ID, (BOI), with arrival in Spokane, WA, (GEG). This sale includes 200 routes, including Chicago, IL, (MDW); San Francisco, CA, (SFO); Orlando, FL, (MCO); and more. Note that blackout dates and other conditions may apply. Book this travel deal by June 8 for stays from August 22 through December 13. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. Southwest Nationwide Fall Fares from $44 1-way Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $43.98. (On the DealBase landing page, ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 18 hr ago Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Choose from a variety of dress shoes and loafers. Deal ends June 18. Allen Edmonds Father's Day Sale: Up to $150 off shoes + free shipping Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 12 hr ago Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.29 $4.22 with free shipping. That's tied with our March mention and the lowest price we could find today by $2. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. Update: Shipping is now 15 cents. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + free shipping Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.29 $4.22 with free shipping. That's tied with ... Read more. Updated: 20 hr 36 min ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for a DVD pre-order of this feature-length movie. Further, this movie has not yet been released in theaters in North America, making it for a very unusual freebie. (It will be released in limited markets on June 30 and DVDs won't be released until July 4.) The movie features the voices of Drake Bell (Superhero Movie, "Drake and Josh"), YouTube star Justine "iJustine" Ezarik, and Jane Lynch (Glee). Deal ends June 28. Note: It's unclear if the download is in SD or HD. A Stork's Journey Digital Movie for free Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 18 hr ago Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This drops the starting price of men's wallets to $52.50 $47.50, women's scarves to $97.50 $67.50, women's shoes to $82.50, and men's shoes to $97.50. Coach Summer Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 2 days ago Apple announced its new Apple HomePod. This Siri-controlled speaker is powered by an A8 chip — the same found in the iPhone 6. It features an array of six microphones, Apple Music integration, beam-forming 7-speaker tweeter array, and woofer. It will cost $349 and ships in December. Apple HomePod Announced for $349 Apple announced its new Apple HomePod. This Siri-controlled speaker is powered by an A8 chip — the same found in ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 23 hr ago For in-store pickup only, Walmart offers the Black Magic Intense Tire Wet 23-oz. Spray Bottle for $6.47. This online rebate drops it to $0. That's tied with our mention from a week ago and the lowest price we could find by $7. It creates a mirror-like shine that lasts for up to four weeks. Rebate expires July 31. Black Magic Intense Tire Wet 23-oz. Spray for $0 after rebate + pickup at Walmart For in-store pickup only, Walmart offers the Black Magic Intense Tire Wet 23-oz. Spray Bottle for $6.47. This online rebate ... Read more. Updated: 2 hr 54 min ago Rockport offers its Rockport Men's Balabour Slip-On Shoes in Dark Tan for $59.97. Coupon code "FF40" cuts it to $35.98. With free shipping, that's a great deal and the lowest price we could find by $33. They're available in size 10 only 9.5 to 13. Deal ends June 12. Rockport Men's Balabour Slip-On Shoes for $36 + free shipping Rockport offers its Rockport Men's Balabour Slip-On Shoes in Dark Tan for $59.97. Coupon code "FF40" cuts it to $35.98. ... Read more. Updated: 5 hr 44 min ago Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an additional 85-cent surcharge.) That's the lowest price we could find by $5. They're available in sizes 8 to 13. Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes from $13 + free shipping Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 9 hr ago Rockport takes an extra 40% off sale items via coupon code "SHOEFAM". Or, score an extra 40% off items in the Rockport Outlet via coupon code "FF40". Plus, all orders receive free shipping. That's the best general-use coupon we've seen this year. Deal ends June 11. Rockport Sale: Extra 40% off + free shipping Rockport takes an extra 40% off sale items via coupon code "SHOEFAM". Or, score an extra 40% off items in ... Read more. Updated: 23 hr 41 min ago DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare at" price, and prices are as marked.) Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $7.95 shipping fee, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Some exclusions may apply. Nike Shoes at DSW: 25% off + free shipping w/ $35 DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 16 hr ago Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at around $9. Discounted items include monitors, speakers, and audio components. Warranty information is provided on select product pages. Refurb & Open-Box Monoprice Electronics: Up to 50% off Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at ... Read more. Updated: May 11, 2017 MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus in several colors (Black/Red pictured) for $2.49 with free shipping. (Choose "Postal Service - No Tracking" during checkout. A 50-cent small order processing fee automatically applies.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3. The spinner is removable. Click here to see it in action. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 for $2 + free s&h from China MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus ... Read more. Updated: May 17, 2017 Dick's Sporting Goods cuts $25 off orders of $100 or more when you check out with PayPal. Plus, orders that qualify for this discount will receive free shipping, but some oversize items incur additional surcharges. That's the best dollar-off coupon we've seen at Dick's Sporting Goods. Some exclusions apply, including sale and clearance items. Deal ends June 9. A couple of best bets, each with prices after discount: Gamma Voltage Pickleball Paddle for $84.99 (low by $16) Razor Power Core E90 Electric Scooter for $104.99 (pictured, low by $8) Note: This coupon can only be used once per account. Dick's Sporting Goods: $25 off $100 w/ PayPal + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods cuts $25 off orders of $100 or more when you check out with PayPal. Plus, orders that ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 21 hr ago MiniInTheBox offers the Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones in several colors (Silver pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's $6 off and the lowest price we could find. They feature an in-line microphone. Note: Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Update: It now includes a 50 cent small order fee. Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones for $4 + free shipping MiniInTheBox offers the Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones in several colors (Silver pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's $6 off ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 39 min ago Walmart discounts a selection of K&N Oil Filters. Opt for in-store pickup to avoid a $5.99 shipping fee. That puts each at significant price lows, as listed below: K&N KN-154 Oil Filter for $1.96 (pictured, $6 low) K&N KN-185 Oil Filter for $1.98 ($3 low) K&N KN-172B Oil Filter for $3.41 ($11 low) K&N KN-611 Oil Filter for $3.56 ($5 low) K&N Oil Filters from $2 to $4 + pickup at Walmart Walmart discounts a selection of K&N Oil Filters. Opt for in-store pickup to avoid a $5.99 shipping fee. That puts ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 17 hr ago Fulllove360 via eBay continues to offer this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.22 plus 15 cents for shipping. That's tied with last week's mention and the lowest price we could find today by $3. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. Update: It now includes free shipping. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + 15c s&h from Malaysia Fulllove360 via eBay continues to offer this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.22 plus 15 cents for shipping. ... Read more. Updated: 17 hr 29 min ago Kotula's continues to offer the Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $24.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our mention from two weeks ago and the lowest price we could find by $11. It features a magnetic closure. Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $25 + free shipping Kotula's continues to offer the Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $24.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,574 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 354,574 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 122,957 12,193
Toggle Subscribe Search News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Toggle Close Submit News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth facebook dialog Pinterest Courtesy of Amanda Southworth Tech Tim Cook Shares His Best Life Advice ‘Teen Vogue’ WWDC correspondent Amanda Southworth shares what it was like to meet Tim Cook and the advice he shared with her. Amanda SouthworthJun 7, 2017 1:21PM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest There was a moment in my life when it felt like everything I had ever done has contributed to a single event. A moment in which the universe pulled the strings and coincidences of the world to bow at my feet, and honored every wish I ever could, would, or did make. In other words, the moment I met Tim Cook. As if he wasn't already one of the most important and influential people on the Earth, he is certainly one of the most important and influential people in my world. Growing up as a child in the 2000s meant that I saw the rise of the iPhone, and as a result, Apple’s takeover that transformed us into the modern world. As a kid, I remember toying around with my father’s iPod classic, dazzled by the fact that I could watch a music video while driving in a car, somewhere in the middle of Nevada. My infatuation with the small aluminum chunk led to my first interactions with computers. In turn, my fascination transformed into a black hole, which consumed me into joining a robotics team, and eventually pushing my initiation into the coveted Apple Developer’s program. I was bred and born into a world affected by Apple, and as a result, became affected as well. I still somewhere have that iPod Classic in a drawer, waiting to be found and brought back into my world as a reminder of my consistent adoration for it. Somewhere along the line, Steve Jobs was gone in a flash, understandably leaving the world thrown into a period of darkness. No one ever thought he could be replaced. And that’s correct. Tim Cook was not the new Steve Jobs. Tim Cook was the new Tim Cook. No two people are ever so alike that they can be replaceable, as demonstrated with Jobs and Cook. Whereas Steve was a tough, careful figure, Tim arrived and shone through with almost a paternal connection to his products and his employees. He is the CEO of one of the world’s biggest companies, who makes time to stop by, chat with, take photos with, and empathize with groups of people at WWDC. He is a heavy supporter of the Human Rights Campaign, and dedicated to making Apple a safe environment for all. Take some time to look through an Apple fan’s social media, and somewhere along the line you’ll see Tim with the students who are in utter and undeniable awe of him. The message of diversity is strongly pushed among the company, as both the retail stores and WWDC employed minorities who are usually neglected and ignored in the media, and in society. Amongst that, I never thought I was the one who would be among the ranks of those who’ve had the pleasure of meeting him, but life has a funny way of getting you where you must. facebook dialog Pinterest Courtesy of Amanda Southworth Apple’s products have always been a staple of comfort in my life, which has always had a general feeling of gloom and anxiety looming over it. Starting in elementary school, I started to show signs of mental illness, due to a toxic environment I was in. This continued and worsened in middle school, where I was torn from my beloved mountain top hometown into a desert city with a completely foreign set of rules. From there, I developed severe anxiety and trust issues, and fell deep into a cycle of shutting out the world. Yet, while I felt I couldn’t trust anyone, I often turned to my code and music as a way to express my feelings that I wouldn’t be safe expressing at home. I fell deeper into music and programming, and eventually found my voice by creating a platform using as a combination of the two. In my home, where nothing was ever certain, it was incredibly hard to stand up for what you believe in when you know the repercussions. And as I struggled with my beliefs and standing up for myself, Tim himself graced the world stage, and publicly played out a situation that I secretly dreaded. He was an openly gay and democratic CEO, who fought for his beliefs, even if it meant turning away customers from the company’s products. Somewhere along the way, I decided it was time to use what I knew and had at my disposal to help others, as I had seen Tim do multiple times. I developed my first app, AnxietyHelper in 2015 to help others who were potentially in situations like mine to find help. In doing that, I gained control over my life, and little by little, I slowly left my old life behind in January of 2017. After leaving my old home, I slowly saw problems forming within the U.S., and yet again, I gathered my strength to use my voice, although I still wasn’t able to fully articulate myself. I visited my old home on the weekends and worked on the project in the confines of my room at late hours at the night, hid the mockups and flyers, deleted emails, and erased business plans that could end up in the wrong hands and revert me back to the old life I had. In late May of 2017, I launched Verena, an app for the LGBTQ+ community and other minorities in situations that put them at risk of harm, such as abuse, bullying, or racism. Somewhere in between the new move and sneaking around trying to build an app I was absolutely not qualified to build, I found time to apply for Apple’s scholarship, which gave a chance to apply for one of 350 positions that would give me the satisfaction of a free ticket to WWDC, lodging for a week, and the experience of a lifetime. Believing it was a long shot, I submitted my application, and waited with a closed mind and an impatient heart. To my very emotional surprise, I got the scholarship. I flew to San Jose, met the other scholars, and then was brought to an elevator in private by someone from Apple. Shortly after being told to remain calm, I was told that I was interviewing Tim for Teen Vogue. Needless to say, it was more than tough for me to remain calm. Holding my head up, keeping my anxiety down, while trying to manage my excitement and increasing fear, I (somehow) survived through a demo of my app I was participating in. I almost forgot about the whole interview until I was gently told that I was next. For what, I didn’t know, until I turned and saw some guy at a table to my left. It then sunk in that “some guy” was Tim Cook, who entered the room without my knowledge, and had the intent of demoing the very apps he made possible. As I desperately tried to keep any reminiscent of my shit together, he came over to me, and gently eased the conversation into motion. And the rumors are true. Tim Cook is great with people in general. Instead of being demeaning, he asked me questions and discussed things with me as if I was his intellectual equal instead of a 15-year-old girl talking to an Apple CEO. And just as he arrived, he was off to the next table. After regaining my breathing, I pulled myself together for yet a second time, and moved to a second room, while revising the interview questions with myself. Upon hearing the door open, I expected to see the person who checked on me and prepared me for the interview. Instead, I glanced up at Tim, and his PR team. At the moment, I was positive Ashton Kutcher was going to pop up from behind the cabinets and tell me I was just punk’d. Yet, after a few minutes, I was at ease. Why such a sudden change of heart? Because that’s the way he makes you feel. He’s overall a simple, respectful man, and doesn’t try to appear any other way. He’s kind hearted, and holds his values strongly, and he made that clear when asked to clarify why he’s so vocal about the problems that plague our society today. “If you think about values, my very simple view of the world is everybody has values, every person should identify as who they are, and should have rails that they live by, and a north star that they keep their eye on," Tim said. "And because companies are nothing more than a collection of people, by extension, companies should have values. And I think that’s never been more important than today, in all parts of the world. Not only in this country, but everywhere.” facebook dialog Pinterest Courtesy of Amanda Southworth In addition to believing everyone should have rights and values, he also described about how he took the chance to make changes in the world bigger than Apple ever could make alone. “And the idea behind companies saying something, is that like a person, but even more so to some degree, you can be a ripple in the pond. We’re not a small company, however, in the scheme of all businesses, we are really small. But we have an opportunity, to create change much beyond us doing something. We can do it in such a way that other people can look at us and say, 'Oh, we can do that!’” Scrolling through his Twitter, Tim is vocal about issues, and moves to create a stable and welcoming environment for Apple, even going as far as making it one of the most sustainable places to work, as he proudly confided Apple is run using 96% of renewable energy, as he confessed he wants to make all devices eco friendly. And it’s obvious he follows through with his promises, as the next day at the keynote, it was announced the new Mac line would become more eco friendly and easily recyclable. Tim is a complete man of his word, as shown through his consistent dedication to his scholars and his employees. He is someone who inspires mass amounts of young adults, as shown by his almost cultlike following by Apple fans, and is a strong advocate for making code, as well as education available to everyone. In fact, when I asked what advice he has for young adults looking to break into the tech industry, it was immediately made clear to me that he believed the younger generation, and coding are the future. “Learn coding. Coding has long been viewed as this specific skill that was important in technology. but the reality is that coding has gone through every industry now, or needs to.” Yet, the best advice he gave to me regarding tech, never involved anything remotely technical at all. As this was shared, it became greatly obvious that he has lived through, and throughly tested this advice. If you keep your eyes on your journey and values, they will get you through anything. “Pick your North star. Decide as early as you can what are you moving towards. If you don’t know what you’re moving towards, you’re likely to go anywhere and venture off your trail. And I don't mean an objective like a certain job, it’s deciding what your values are and living your life by those values. And if you do that, I’ve always had faith that, if you live your life by those values, great things will happen. and that gets you through the potholes of life. And there’s going to be potholes, and there’s going to be down cycles. We all lose people we love, people we care about, and things crash in our lives in different ways, but if you keep your eyes on your journey and values, they will get you through anything.” Even though I’m an obviously biased source, I strongly admire him for remaining strong on his values, and trying to make such an impact on the world in a day and age when most are obsessed with power and making themselves “great again” to the pain and discomfort of everyone else. I absolutely cannot deny that everyone that I talked to about their experiences with him was absolutely enchanted by his professionalism, work ethic, and overall personality. Although I had tried to remain calm and poised throughout the interview, as I left and said goodbye, I started to ramble about how he’s affected my life. Instead of shooing me away, or reflecting my obvious excitement, he took the time he had to respond to all of my ramblings, inquiries, and general awe from being in his presence. As I left the interview, I couldn’t understand how, or why someone of his status would treat me with so much respect and humility, as if I was an equal. And I still don’t. There’s not another way to explain it other than genuine human kindness. It seems like life is full of disappointments sometimes, and I can attest to the fact that I, too, believed it was. But sometimes miracles do happen. No matter how bad the world may appear, good people do exist. And to me, Tim Cook is one of them. Related: Apple WWDC 2017: Everything Announced at the Keynote Event Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. CNWN Collection
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 6 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / Automotive Tech / Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image with 20 Firings, 1 Hiring By Tom Krisher PUBLISHED: JUNE 07 2017 Uber, the world's leading ride-hailing company, has taken two big steps toward repairing its corporate image: It fired 20 employees for a host of harassment problems and hired an Apple marketing executive to rescue its tainted brand. Those fired for sexual harassment as well as bullying, discrimination and other behavior that violated company policies included both managers and lower-level workers. Some had retaliated against other employees after they complained about bad conduct, said Bobbie Wilson, a partner at the Perkins Coie law firm, which did the investigation. Separately, Uber announced Tuesday that it had hired Apple marketing executive Bozoma Saint John, who will be Uber's chief brand officer. She ran global consumer marketing of Apple Music and iTunes. Her task at Uber will be to improve its brand image so people like it as well as they like the company's ride services, an Uber spokeswoman said. "Boz has a long track record of successfully creating emotional connections between people and the products they love," Uber CEO Travis Kalanick [pictured here] said in a statement. More action could come next week when a report on Uber's culture by former Attorney General Eric Holder is likely to be made public. He is supposed to make broader recommendations on how to change Uber's culture. During Uber's ascent to becoming the world's most valuable startup, the San Francisco-based company took Silicon Valley's penchant for sexism, for cutthroat, unapologetic competition and distaste for government regulation and kicked it up several notches. For a while, this worked well, pushing Uber's valuation to nearly $70 billion. But this year, Uber's aggressive corporate culture and 40-year-old Kalanick's self-admitted need to "fundamentally change and grow up" has caught up with it. In addition to the sexual harassment allegations, Uber is the target of lawsuits, boycott threats and a federal investigation into claims that it has used a fake version of its app to thwart authorities. It's also been accused of corporate espionage by Waymo, formerly Google's autonomous vehicle arm. Uber's former chief autonomous car researcher took confidential documents from Waymo before his startup firm was purchased by Uber, according to a Waymo lawsuit. Uber also is searching for a chief operating officer and chief financial officer as it prepares for a possible public stock offering. Uber Technologies Inc. retained Perkins Coie after former engineer Susan Fowler posted a blog in February about sex harassment at the company. Fowler wrote that on her first day at work her boss propositioned her in a series of messages and superiors ignored her complaints. After the posting, Uber set up a 24-hour hotline to take complaints from employees, and hired Perkins Coie to investigate them. The firm checked into 215 complaints, and 57 remain under investigation. The hotline will remain in operation. The probe into Fowler's complaints is still underway, and Wilson wouldn't say if any of those fired, or 31 other employees placed in counseling, were involved in that. Wilson said Uber gave her law firm "unfettered access" to people and documents that were needed for the Fowler investigation. Problems at Uber are not unusual in the technology industry, given the company's size of more than 14,000 employees, said Wilson, whose firm has done similar work for the biggest tech companies in the nation. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick/Twitter. Read more on: Automotive, Uber, Waymo, Travis Kalanick, Social Media, Twitter, Sexual Harassment May Interest You: New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. SMBs Find Vets Dedicated, Capable 3. WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About 4. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 5. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20 MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN AUTOMOTIVE TECH 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 3. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 4. Investors Pick Tesla Over GM 5. Google Expands Paid Carpooling NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming NIKE AIR MACS These official Apple trainers are a hit on eBay… but you will not believe how much they cost The shoes were produced by Apple exclusively for their employees in the early 1990s By Margi Murphy 7th June 2017, 6:07 pm Updated: 8th June 2017, 10:24 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THESE Apple trainers are selling for a tidy sum on eBay. The kicks – which were designed exclusively for some of the first Apple employees – will cost at least $15,000 (£12,000). 3 The trainers are selling on eBay at a starting bid of $15,000 or £12,000 That’s the starting bid put forward by Heritage Auctions, who is selling the size 9.5 pair. They reckon their true value is around $30,000 (£23,000). But knowing Apple fans, they could reach far higher when they are auctioned online on 11 June. 3 Steve Jobs had his own uniform of blue jeans and a black Issey Miyake polo-neck MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE SPY-PHONE Samsung's 'peeping Tom' smartphones can listen to what you're watching online and monitor your EMAILS FACELOOK Facebook wants to spy on people through their smartphone camera and analyse the emotions on their face SMASHED IT Apple is about to make it a lot easier to fix your cracked iPhone screen without going to a dodgy repair shop BELT UP! Terrifying video shows swarms of asteroids circling Earth as Nasa warns of TEN new threats to humanity STING IN THE TALE Giant wasp's battle with a huntsman spider ends with a VERY unexpected twist 'WHAT WOMEN WANT' Porn firm offers virtual reality 'sex education' to help ladies become better lovers 3 The trainers come with sewn Apple logos and lace-ups Apple’s iconic original logo is sewn into the tongues and features on the side of the white leather kicks. A memoir released after Steve Jobs’ death revealed that the late Apple CEO had tried to convince staff to wear a uniform. He was jealous of the Issey Miyake garb donned by Sony executives and asked the Japanese designer to create some samples. But employees are reported to have refused to wear vests which he brought along to a meeting. Jobs had his own uniform and religiously wore a pair of blue Levi’s jeans, New Balance trainers and a black Issey Miyake polo-neck. He died in 2011 after a battle with pancreatic cancer. Biggest moments in the life of Apple We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Apple Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Exclusive phil better soon Phil Collins rushed to hospital after gashing his head in horror fall forcing him to cancel London shows TV & Showbiz STRIPADVISOR Love Island's Caroline Flack spotted sunbathing topless as she works on her tan before filming in Majorca TV & Showbiz Exclusive SPY-PHONE Samsung's 'peeping Tom' smartphones can listen to what you're watching online and monitor your EMAILS Tech Warning GONE IN 6 SECONDS Dramatic moment hero cops storm in and gun down knife-wielding jihadis in hail of 50 bullets seconds after drinker is brutally stabbed in Borough Market News SILENT PROTEST Saudi Arabia footballers fail to line up for minute's silence for London terror victims Football 'run VT for God's sake!' This Morning's Holly Willoughy laughs so hard she drops to the floor to avoid wetting herself TV & Showbiz 'ARE YOU HAVING A BREAKDOWN?' Vile Ryanair passenger reduces female check-in worker to tears with shocking five-minute rant News Gossip time to say good bay Alexis Sanchez closing in on Bayern Munich move on incredible £21.7million-a-year deal Football CROSS-DRESSING KILLER Man ‘disguised himself in a burka so he could lure boy, 11, from mosque to rape and murder him' News Comment THE SUN SAYS Don't chuck Britain in the COR-BIN - vote Tory today unless you want a terrorists' friend who plans to open our borders and hike taxes as PM News LEGGY AND LACY Stephanie Davis arrives in London for Big Brother 'agony aunt' debut wearing laced-up leggings TV & Showbiz Exclusive busting out Demi Rose goes TOPLESS in Ibiza as she takes a dip in the sea wearing just her bikini bottoms TV & Showbiz 'Maybe we'll be team-mates' Is Alvaro Morata off to Man Utd with James Rodriguez after he reveals hopes for duo? Football Exclusive Booty call? Towie's Jamie Reed hints ex-girlfriend Amber Turner turned up at his house at 4am as she wanted SEX TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'I'M PROUD OF MYSELF' Hero Millwall fan dubbed Lion of London Bridge reveals his injuries to The Sun after he stopped knife-wielding jihadis News Just Published OH CRINGE! Does Instagram tell people when you've screenshot their pictures? Yes... but it's not what you think Tech SELFIE HARM? Is it illegal to share my election vote on Facebook and Twitter or take selfies in polling booths? Tech Exclusive SPY-PHONE Samsung's 'peeping Tom' smartphones can listen to what you're watching online and monitor your EMAILS Tech SMASHED IT Apple is about to make it a lot easier to fix your cracked iPhone screen without going to a dodgy repair shop Tech BELT UP! Terrifying video shows swarms of asteroids circling Earth as Nasa warns of TEN new threats to humanity Tech OUT OF THIS WORLD A spectacular shooting star display hit our skies this morning... the Arietids meteor shower explained Tech NIKE AIR MACS These official Apple trainers are a hit on eBay... but you will not believe how much they cost Tech WOULD YOU ADAM AND EVE IT? World's oldest human remains show our species is 100,000 years older than expected Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 6 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Apple/Mac / iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Apple's iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad PUBLISHED: JUNE 07 2017 The next mobile operating system from Apple, iOS 11, will give iPad users extensive software updates and long-awaited features, such as a file management tool and customizable app dock. This was announced during the annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California. The new OS gives iPads a redesigned dock at the bottom of the screen that acts more like the dock on an iMac. It also acts as an app switcher: dragging the app icon from the dock to the screen will open it next to the app that is currently open. The new Files app, also available for iPhone users, is a file management system that places all files on the iPad together in one place for easy organization. The Files app also contains files from third-party apps such as Dropbox. Other updates specifically for iPad include drag-and-drop support and an updated Notes app that makes handwritten notes searchable. The iPhone will also receive a few updates when the new system is released, including a redesigned control center, a redesigned App Store and a new version of AirPlay. iOS 11 users in countries where ApplePay is supported will be able to send money through the Apple iMessage app. Apple says it does not want its customers using its products while driving and so has introduced a ‘Do Not Disturb While Driving' mode that will be activated when the phone senses the user is in a car. It will show a blank screen and not allow messages or calls to come through. This can be deactivated if the user is a passenger. A developer beta version of iOS 11 was released yesterday. The public beta version will be available at the end of June and the final release is expected in September. The Apple iMac Pro will be released in December. The company also updated its desktop operating system, called High Sierra, which it says sees its Safari search engine perform 80% faster than Chrome. Apple's e-mail app Mail will have its content take up 35% less disk space in the new OS. Apple provided insight into how its software products have performed in numbers, such as: users take one trillion photos per year in its Camera app, there are now 27 million paid Apple Music subscribers, 500 million users visit the App Store weekly, there have been 180 billion app downloads to date, and developers have made $70 billion through the App Store. The company sometimes uses WWDC to announce new products, as it did last night when it introduced the HomePod, (a smart home speaker introduced by Apple under the guise of "reinventing home music"), which is Apple's answer to the Amazon Echo or Google Home. Other hardware announced included a new iMac Pro that will be released in December, and substantial updates to the iPad, laptop and desktop ranges. © 2017 ITWeb under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Product shots by Apple. Read more on: Apple, WWDC, HomePod, Speakers, iOS, iPads Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 3. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 4. IBM Unveils 5-Nanometer Chip 5. Shockingly Hot Planet Discovered MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN APPLE/MAC 1. WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About 2. New iMac Pro Workstation Debuts 3. iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad 4. Apple HomePod Smartens Music 5. Apple Intros Device Upgrades, iOS 11 SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 6 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Automotive Tech / Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image with 20 Firings, 1 Hiring By Tom Krisher PUBLISHED: JUNE 07 2017 Uber, the world's leading ride-hailing company, has taken two big steps toward repairing its corporate image: It fired 20 employees for a host of harassment problems and hired an Apple marketing executive to rescue its tainted brand. Those fired for sexual harassment as well as bullying, discrimination and other behavior that violated company policies included both managers and lower-level workers. Some had retaliated against other employees after they complained about bad conduct, said Bobbie Wilson, a partner at the Perkins Coie law firm, which did the investigation. Separately, Uber announced Tuesday that it had hired Apple marketing executive Bozoma Saint John, who will be Uber's chief brand officer. She ran global consumer marketing of Apple Music and iTunes. Her task at Uber will be to improve its brand image so people like it as well as they like the company's ride services, an Uber spokeswoman said. "Boz has a long track record of successfully creating emotional connections between people and the products they love," Uber CEO Travis Kalanick [pictured here] said in a statement. More action could come next week when a report on Uber's culture by former Attorney General Eric Holder is likely to be made public. He is supposed to make broader recommendations on how to change Uber's culture. During Uber's ascent to becoming the world's most valuable startup, the San Francisco-based company took Silicon Valley's penchant for sexism, for cutthroat, unapologetic competition and distaste for government regulation and kicked it up several notches. For a while, this worked well, pushing Uber's valuation to nearly $70 billion. But this year, Uber's aggressive corporate culture and 40-year-old Kalanick's self-admitted need to "fundamentally change and grow up" has caught up with it. In addition to the sexual harassment allegations, Uber is the target of lawsuits, boycott threats and a federal investigation into claims that it has used a fake version of its app to thwart authorities. It's also been accused of corporate espionage by Waymo, formerly Google's autonomous vehicle arm. Uber's former chief autonomous car researcher took confidential documents from Waymo before his startup firm was purchased by Uber, according to a Waymo lawsuit. Uber also is searching for a chief operating officer and chief financial officer as it prepares for a possible public stock offering. Uber Technologies Inc. retained Perkins Coie after former engineer Susan Fowler posted a blog in February about sex harassment at the company. Fowler wrote that on her first day at work her boss propositioned her in a series of messages and superiors ignored her complaints. After the posting, Uber set up a 24-hour hotline to take complaints from employees, and hired Perkins Coie to investigate them. The firm checked into 215 complaints, and 57 remain under investigation. The hotline will remain in operation. The probe into Fowler's complaints is still underway, and Wilson wouldn't say if any of those fired, or 31 other employees placed in counseling, were involved in that. Wilson said Uber gave her law firm "unfettered access" to people and documents that were needed for the Fowler investigation. Problems at Uber are not unusual in the technology industry, given the company's size of more than 14,000 employees, said Wilson, whose firm has done similar work for the biggest tech companies in the nation. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick/Twitter. Read more on: Automotive, Uber, Waymo, Travis Kalanick, Social Media, Twitter, Sexual Harassment May Interest You: New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 3. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 4. IBM Unveils 5-Nanometer Chip 5. Shockingly Hot Planet Discovered MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN AUTOMOTIVE TECH 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 3. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 4. Investors Pick Tesla Over GM 5. Google Expands Paid Carpooling SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple How-to How to hook up your iPhone with Apple's vintage iPod Hi-Fi speaker New, 11 comments Who needs a HomePod? by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Jun 7, 2017, 1:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Earlier this week, Apple announced HomePod, a new $350 speaker that’s designed to seamlessly work with all your Apple devices and Apple Music content. But HomePod doesn’t come out until December, which is a long time to wait. Fortunately, we can cast our eyes back in time to the heady days of 2006, when Apple released the iPod Hi-Fi, a $350 speaker designed to work with all your Apple devices and iTunes content. The Hi-Fi was a huge, white plastic behemoth with a 30-pin iPod dock built into the top for charging and playback. And while it was considered by many to be pricey for what it offered (a comment that, coincidentally, may also apply to HomePod), I personally found it to be a great speaker with big sound. Apple discontinued the Hi-Fi back in 2007, but you can still snag one used for around $100 to $150. Once you’ve got your hands on the finest speaker 2006 had to offer, here’s what you need to do to get it working with your 2017 iPhone: Method 1: Use the 3.5mm aux port As my colleague Sam Byford noted, you can simply plug in any number of modern accessories like an Amazon Echo Dot, Google Chromecast Audio, or Bluetooth adapter to add modern wireless functionality to the Hi-Fi. Related Who needs a HomePod when you could have an iPod Hi-Fi with Alexa? This is the boring practical method — it should take all of 10 seconds to set up, and it’s a basically foolproof way to use a Hi-Fi today. Method 2: The tower of dock adapters But you’re not here for practical. You want to use the Hi-Fi as Steve Jobs intended: with a docked Apple device charging while playing back musical locally, controlled with a stubby plastic Apple Remote from across the room! Sure, you could use the aux port and a Lighting-to-3.5mm dongle, but this is a charging dock, and by god, we’re going to get this to charge something. The problem is that there are a couple hurdles we need to get past to put this together. (As a note, my Hi-Fi was stolen a few years back so I haven’t been able to 100 percent verify that this works with current iPhones, but this method did definitely function as late as 2013 with an iPhone 5, and I can’t see why it wouldn’t be valid now.) First up is the fact that the Hi-Fi is really old, technologically speaking. Not only does the speaker use Apple’s old, 30-pin iPod charger, but it’s so old that the connector only supports Firewire charging, instead of the later generations of iPods, which used a similar physical adapter but used USB. So, the first thing we need is an adapter, like this $14 Scosche one, which allows you to use later, USB charging-based iPod and iPhone devices with older Firewire docks. There are a bunch of adapters floating around out there for this, but since Hi-Fi harkens back to a time when Apple was pushing its Universal Dock system, I find the Scosche adapter works best, since it both clips right into the Hi-Fi, and in turn allows you to clip in more Universal Dock adapters. (Scosche used to make a white one that matched the entire color scheme much better, but it’s been sold out for years.) So, that gets us to compatibility with any 30-pin iOS device. But we’re not there yet, because Apple discontinued that adapter in favor of the Lightning port in 2012. So we’ll need a 30-pin-to-Lightning adapter from Apple, which still (ridiculously) costs $29, which we’ll connect to the Scosche adapter. That gets us a working Hi-Fi that can charge an iPhone and play back music. But there’s one last piece since, at this point, we have a fairly tall stack of adapters piled on top of our Hi-Fi here, which isn’t exactly a stable place to put an iPhone. So you’ll need something like the Flybridge, which is basically a $12 piece of plastic that clicks into Apple’s Universal Dock with a space designed to fit the Lightning adapter to support your phone. Click that into the Scosche dock, too, and you’ll be all set! Next Up In Circuit Breaker Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none Roli's Seaboard Block is a $299 multitouch keyboard that works with your phone Logitech’s new blue camo gaming headphones are perfect for underwater stealth levels This vintage pair of Apple sneakers is being auctioned off for $15,000 iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal Time to check you don’t have auto-renew turned on The 6 best new features in iOS 11 Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest The Vergecast reports back from WWDC by Andrew Marino Pokémon Go will host real-life events to celebrate its anniversary by Andrew Liptak Shadow of War’s new story trailer sets the stage for the battle over Mordor by Chaim Gartenberg Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller 5 comments / new Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 37 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Trading Nation Trading Nation Videos Trader Bios Commentary Why Apple could make a run to $200 Apple could see further upside from current levels, Evercore ISI technician Rich Ross said in a recent interview. A technical analysis of shorter-term and longer-term charts give Ross confidence in bullish view. Apple shares have already advanced 34 percent year to date. Rebecca Ungarino | @ungarino 21 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters The technical case for an Apple rally    Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 3:47 PM ET | 03:18 After rising 34 percent year to date, shares of Apple could easily advance another 16 percent, according to top technician Rich Ross. A combination of the five-year weekly chart of Apple shares, along with an examination of a yearlong daily chart (what Ross called "a picture of strength") gives Evercore ISI's head of technical analysis confidence in calling for the $155-a-share tech behemoth to climb to the $180 mark. "Of course, we're not going to go there in a straight line. But Apple is not necessarily the quintessential trading stock. It's the type of stock where you buy it and hold it. And I don't say that lightly. But the setup is there to buy it and hold it, and if it pulled back I would buy more," he said Tuesday on CNBC's "Trading Nation." Ross added, "The stock goes to $180 and I have strong conviction on that move." On a longer-term weekly chart, Ross pointed to a rounded multiyear base of support after a decline that tested its 200-week moving average. Such a large "bullish base breakout" points to his projected $180 target. In the shorter-term daily chart, Ross noted the stock "hasn't even touched its 50-day moving average since December; that's quite strong." On Monday, Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference yielded announcements like a new operating system for the Mac and new virtual reality offerings. The iOS 11 will launch in September, the company said. The next major development will likely be the iPhone 8 announcement later this year. Shares of Apple indeed appear poised to keep running, Miller Tabak equity strategist Matt Maley said. But he said several factors give him reason to believe the stock may "top out sometime soon." In referring to a "top," Maley is describing the highest price a stock reaches before its upward trend reverses downward, at least in a temporary manner. The shares are overbought on a near-term basis, Maley said, referring to the stock's relative strength index. That index measures an asset's price movement by comparing the magnitude of its gains and losses over a given period of time. On a more granular level, Maley pointed out, the stock is now trading more than 22 percent above its 200-day moving average. The last two times Apple has been in that range above its 200-day moving average, "the stock has rolled over," Maley said. "And in one case, it rolled over quite severely. Having said that, if we went back three times, it got to a 44 percent premium before it rolled over. So I might be grasping at straws a little bit, but I think it's always important to talk about both sides of the story, because this one does look quite good," he said. Shares of Apple were higher in midday trading Wednesday. Rebecca UngarinoAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Trading Nation This chart shows $1,000-a-share Alphabet will keep climbing Comey testifies and the ECB meets: Here’s what could drive the market Thursday Boris Schlossberg of BK Asset Management discusses three key market themes he is watching for on Thursday. Former market bull says charts are flashing a warning for stocks One technician sees trouble in the charts that could suggest the rally may be over. Why Apple could make a run to $200 After rising 34 percent year to date, shares of Apple could easily rise another 16 percent, according to one technician. More From Trading Nation Strange market action could point to June swoon: Art Cashin The stock market has a ‘problem’ that ‘not many people are talking about,’ technical trader warns These four charts show why gold could be heading much higher Falling lumber and a health-care divergence: Here’s what could drive the market on Wednesday This Dow stock is breaking down and it's time to get out, trader warns What's 'worrying' the man who ran the largest tech fund during dot-com bubble The biggest tech-focused ETF just missed out on a record-setting event by four cents Crude oil and labor market data: Here’s what could drive the market on Tuesday One trader’s plan to triple his money by betting on Tesla A 5 percent breakout by the S&P 500 may be imminent, charts show Videos Comey testifies and the ECB meets: Here’s what could drive the market Thursday    Boris Schlossberg of BK Asset Management discusses three key market themes he is watching for on Thursday. Despite political risk, the S&P will continue to 'grind higher': Technician    Boris Schlossberg of BK Asset Management and Ari Wald of Oppenheimer discuss the market with Brian Sullivan. Trading analysts’ most loved—and most hated—sectors    Boris Schlossberg of BK Asset Management and Ari Wald of Oppenheimer discuss a new Bespoke Investment Group report with Brian Sullivan. Trader Bios Stacey Gilbert Stacey Gilbert is the head of derivative strategy at Susquehanna. Lawrence McDonald Managing Director, ACG Analytics Rich Ross Managing Director, Head of Technical Analysis, Evercore ISI About Trading Nation is a multimedia financial news program that shows investors and traders how to use the news of the day to their advantage. This is where experts from across the financial world – including macro strategists, technical analysts, stock-pickers, and traders who specialize in options, currencies, and fixed income – come together to find the best ways to capitalize on recent developments in the market. Trading Nation: Where headlines become opportunities. Brian Sullivan Brian Sullivan is co-anchor of CNBC's "Power Lunch" (M-F,1PM-3PM ET), one of the network's longest running programs, as well as the host of the daily investing program "Trading Nation." He is also a frequent guest on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" and other NBC properties. Read more Connect Tweets by @TradingNation To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Our Properties: Gamasutra GameCareerGuide IndieGames GDC Vault GDC IGF SEARCH GO GAME JOBS updates Blogs contractors newsletter store SEARCH GO ALL CONSOLE/PC SMARTPHONE/TABLET INDEPENDENT VR/AR SOCIAL/ONLINE         PROGRAMMING ART AUDIO DESIGN PRODUCTION BIZ/MARKETING Latest Jobs View All     RSS June 8, 2017 Disruptor Beam Mobile Marketing Associate Disruptor Beam Senior Data Analyst Square Enix Co., Ltd. Experienced Game Developer Naughty Dog Technical Environment Artist Naughty Dog Visual Effects Artist Naughty Dog UI Designer / Scripter Latest Blogs View All     Post     RSS June 8, 2017 Serious Games vs. Gamification [1] How Prey succeeds in giving players space to tell their own stories [1] Little Machines Working Together (part 2) Apple and Facebook to drive mobile AR over 1B users and $60B by 2021 Variation for the video game composer: the music of Little Lords of Twilight Press Releases June 8, 2017 Games Press TIME OF VIRTUAL REALITY’S CO-OP ACTION TOWER... THRUSTMASTER® to take part in E3 2017 with... Experience the Grim and Emotional Indie Puzzle... Middle-earth™: Shadow of War™ NEW... ArcheAge Welcomes New and Returning Players to... View All     RSS About Editor-In-Chief: Kris Graft Senior Contributing Editor: Brandon Sheffield News Editors: Alex Wawro Advertising/Recruitment/Education: Courtney Blair Contact Gamasutra Report a Problem Submit News Comment Guidelines Blogging Guidelines How We Work Gama Network If you enjoy reading this site, you might also want to check out these UBM Tech sites: Game Career Guide Indie Games Blogs   Apple and Facebook to drive mobile AR over 1B users and $60B by 2021 by Tim Merel on 06/06/17 10:18:00 am     Post A Comment    The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community. The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.   The mobile AR platform war was kicked off at F8 by Mark Zuckerberg’s “We’re making the camera the first augmented reality platform.” That simple sentence transformed what had been a one-hit wonder in Pokémon Go into an epic battle between Facebook, Apple, Google, Tencent, Snap, Alibaba, Baidu, Samsung, Huawei and more. Now Apple’s launch of its ARkit for iOS as “the largest AR platform in the world” has taken the mobile AR war to the next level. They’re fighting over a market that could hit over a billion users and $60 billion revenue globally by 2021 (as detailed in Digi-Capital’s new Mobile Augmented Reality Report). Software is eating the (mobile AR) world While folks were distracted by the prospect of an iPhone AR being launched by Apple, Facebook changed the game fundamentally by launching its mobile AR Platform. But Apple secretly had its own mobile AR software plans brewing ahead and countered with ARkit for iOS. So where mobile AR hardware from Apple, Samsung, Huawei and others could deliver an installed base over 400 million users by 2021, Facebook, Apple, Tencent, Snap and others could drive a mobile AR software user base in the hundreds of millions next year, and billions by 2021. Mobile AR software platforms could deliver over 4 times the number of users of dedicated mobile AR hardware. All about that base Some folks might be incredulous at these sorts of numbers. So let’s look at hard data on installed bases and conversion rates for the major players to get a sense of scale. Facebook’s AR platform could be rolled out to Facebook Messenger’s 1.2 billion MAU, WhatsApp’s 1.2 billion MAU, and Instagram’s 700 million MAU. While it’s tempting to add these numbers together, significant overlap means that is too aggressive (i.e. Facebook doesn’t have 3.1 billion unique MAU). It’s more conservative to think about either Messenger or WhatsApp as a starting point for the number of unique users Facebook could try to migrate to its AR Platform. And Facebook knows what it’s doing when migrating users to new features. 15% of WhatsApp users use Status 10 weeks after launch, 29% of Instagram users use Stories less than a year after launch, and 54% of Instagram users use Direct 4 years after launch. That’s a growth curve. But let’s not forget that Apple is expert when it comes to converting existing users to new software, with 86% of Apple’s nearly 700 million iPhones installing iOS 10 a year after launch. That’s a pretty compelling prospect for the rollout of ARkit. Tencent has 846 million MAU for WeChat, and migrated 61% of them to use Moments every time they open WeChat 5 years after launch. While Tencent hasn’t formally announced its AR platform yet, it battled Alibaba in the mobile AR market earlier this year. Of Snap’s 300 million MAU, they’ve migrated 45% to Stories 4 years after launch. Snap doesn’t describe Lenses as mobile AR yet, but it’s still fighting a head-to-head battle with Facebook and Apple for the soul of mobile AR. And this is before considering LINE, Kakao, Snow, Baidu and more. The platforms entering the mobile AR software market have billions of users. They’re great at migrating them to new features. If hard data is anything to go by, the only user numbers that make sense for mobile AR software platforms are big ones. Hard wearing We’ve been saying for the last 2 years Apple is the best placed tech company to drive AR, and an iPhone AR has been part of our mobile AR forecasts since late last year. Likewise we anticipate Samsung, Huawei and others launching their own AR enabled smartphones (whether using Google Tango or something proprietary). With phone replacement cycles at 2½ years and high-end phones anywhere between 1/3 and 2/3 of smartphone sales (depending on manufacturer and geography), range-topping AR phones could deliver an installed base of at first tens and then hundreds of millions in a few short years. But mobile AR hardware will not be a distinct market to mobile AR software, and it might also be a much smaller one in terms of users for the next few years. Also the mobile AR software platforms could migrate seamlessly to new mobile AR hardware, making the user base of mobile AR hardware platforms a subset of mobile AR software platforms (except for Apple, where it’s basically the same thing). Both hardware and software players could win in mobile AR, but how (and how big) they’ll win might look very different. Phoning it in Facebook’s mobile AR Platform and Apple’s ARkit for iOS may have kicked things off this year, but the inflection point for mobile AR software revenue might take time as the mobile AR developer ecosystem spins up. Similarly even if Apple, Samsung or Huawei launch new mobile AR hardware before the end of the year, mobile AR hardware’s inflection point could take a year or so to get here. So mobile AR revenue could stay below $10 billion through 2018, with an inflection point around 2019 seeing dramatic acceleration to a market worth more than $60 billion revenue by 2021. The revenue drivers come down to installed bases, use cases and unit economics, but what that revenue might look like could be different to what folks expect. It’s not all Pokémon Go Pokémon Go was the catalyst for mobile AR last year, but the bulk of mobile AR revenue could be in sectors other than games. Over 80% of mobile AR revenue could come from mobile network data, eCommerce sales, advertising, consumer (non-games) apps and enterprise/B2B sales. You might have spotted that hardware isn’t listed here yet, and there’s a reason for that. Until Apple, Samsung or Huawei launch mobile AR hardware, we don’t know if their AR phones will shorten phone replacement cycles to stimulate sales, or enable premium pricing to grow revenue per unit. Until there is hard data from mobile AR hardware launches, a revenue neutral stance for hardware is the most conservative approach. Mobile AR could generate huge spikes in mobile network data usage, as developers take advantage of the new features and leverage the cloud to keep things lightweight and fast. A tsunami of data means that the telcos could take a quarter of mobile AR revenue to fill the data pipeline. What isn’t clear yet is whether this will be new money from premium pricing, or cannibalization under existing data plans. Mobile network leaders need to think long and hard about how to make mobile AR data revenue a profit driver, not a loss leader. eCommerce sales (goods and services, not in-app purchases) could take more than $2 of every $10 spent on mobile AR. Alibaba, Amazon, eBay and a range of new startups will be able to sell stuff to folks in totally new ways. While some of this might cannibalize existing eCommerce, mobile AR eCommerce could take another bite out of the total retail market. Adspend looks set to take more than $1 of every $10 generated by mobile AR, with Blippar the first mobile AR advertising unicorn. New native advertising formats are emerging to leverage the medium and the location based data supporting it. Google and Baidu have great opportunities here, given their wealth of data and maps platforms. Non-games consumer apps, enterprise/B2B and games each look set to take around $1 of every $10 of mobile AR revenue. Where Pokémon Go has largely inspired copycats so far, these three sectors hold massive opportunities for incumbents and startups alike to launch totally new types of apps to take advantage of everything mobile AR has to offer. Lastly, location based (i.e. theme park), mobile network voice and video could also generate significant revenues from mobile AR, but on a smaller scale. The augmented sun rises in the East Combining our forecasts by sector and region indicates that Asia (China, Japan, South Korea, others) could take just under half of mobile AR revenues globally, with North America and Western Europe each taking about a fifth. So where modern VR kicked off in the US and migrated to Asia, mobile AR looks more balanced with major players like Tencent, Alibaba and Baidu joining Facebook and others on the global stage. Mobile AR rules Mobile AR could become the dominant AR/VR market for the foreseeable future, as it solves the 5 major consumer challenges for AR (hero device, all-day battery life, mobile connectivity, app ecosystem, telco cross-subsidization). Together with backing from major global consumer platforms like Facebook, the inflection point for AR/VR might now be within sight. Mark Zuckerberg is right, but it isn’t just the camera. The phone is the first (software) and second (hardware) augmented reality platform. And that’s a one-two punch you either get to throw or get knocked out by. [You can read about the mobile AR platform war and more in Digi-Capital’s Mobile Augmented Reality Report] Related Jobs Disruptor Beam — FRAMINGHAM, Massachusetts, United States [06.08.17] Mobile Marketing Associate Disruptor Beam — FRAMINGHAM, Massachusetts, United States [06.08.17] Senior Data Analyst Square Enix Co., Ltd. — Tokyo, Japan [06.07.17] Experienced Game Developer Naughty Dog — Santa Monica, California, United States [06.07.17] Technical Environment Artist [View All Jobs] 299387 blog /blogs/TimMerel/20170606/299387/Apple_and_Facebook_to_drive_mobile_AR_over_1B_users_and_60B_by_2021.php 950030 33861403 Loading Comments TECHNOLOGY GROUP Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Legal Entities Copyright © 2017 UBM, All rights reserved
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR THURSDAY JUNE 8 10 Biggest Changes Apple Didn't Announce on Stage at WWDC Not everything Apple introduces at WWDC gets a big announcement. Sometimes there are positive things that just aren't big enough for a fancy executive to spend 30 seconds talking about. OnePlus 5 Smartphone Set To Make Its Debut on June 20 The latest flagship smartphone from OnePlus, the OnePlus 5, will make its online debut on June 20. The company also plans to hold several so-called pop-up events in different cities at the same time. HP Delivers New Omen-Branded Gaming PCs Apple's iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad Google's Latest Android Update Fixes Pixel Phone Freezing Intel Facing Onslaught in PC and Server Markets CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users MOBILE TECH TODAYCIO TODAYTOP TECH NEWSDATA STORAGE TODAY HOMELAPTOPS & TABLETSMOBILE PHONESMOBILE GADGETSMOBILE APPSMOBILE SECURITYBYOD & MDMMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware COMPUTING Apple's iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad Posted June 7, 2017 EARLIER Intel Facing Onslaught in PC and Server Markets THIS STORY Apple's iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad LATER IBM, Cisco Partner To Counter Cybercrime YOU ARE HERE:   HOME COMPUTING THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Syndication. Updated June 7, 2017 8:16AM SHARE ALSO SEE Apple WWDC HomePod Speakers iOS iPads The next mobile operating system from Apple, iOS 11, will give iPad users extensive software updates and long-awaited features, such as a file management tool and customizable app dock. This was announced during the annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California. The new OS gives iPads a redesigned dock at the bottom of the screen that acts more like the dock on an iMac. It also acts as an app switcher: dragging the app icon from the dock to the screen will open it next to the app that is currently open. The new Files app, also available for iPhone users, is a file management system that places all files on the iPad together in one place for easy organization. The Files app also contains files from third-party apps such as Dropbox. Other updates specifically for iPad include drag-and-drop support and an updated Notes app that makes handwritten notes searchable. The iPhone will also receive a few updates when the new system is released, including a redesigned control center, a redesigned App Store and a new version of AirPlay. iOS 11 users in countries where ApplePay is supported will be able to send money through the Apple iMessage app. Apple says it does not want its customers using its products while driving and so has introduced a ‘Do Not Disturb While Driving' mode that will be activated when the phone senses the user is in a car . It will show a blank screen and not allow messages or calls to come through. This can be deactivated if the user is a passenger. A developer beta version of iOS 11 was released yesterday. The public beta version will be available at the end of June and the final release is expected in September. The Apple iMac Pro will be released in December. The company also updated its desktop operating system, called High Sierra, which it says sees its Safari search engine perform 80% faster than Chrome. Apple's e-mail app Mail will have its content take up 35% less disk space in the new OS. Apple provided insight into how its software products have performed in numbers, such as: users take one trillion photos per year in its Camera app, there are now 27 million paid Apple Music subscribers, 500 million users visit the App Store weekly, there have been 180 billion app downloads to date, and developers have made $70 billion through the App Store. The company sometimes uses WWDC to announce new products, as it did last night when it introduced the HomePod, (a smart home speaker introduced by Apple under the guise of "reinventing home music"), which is Apple's answer to the Amazon Echo or Google Home. Other hardware announced included a new iMac Pro that will be released in December, and substantial updates to the iPad, laptop and desktop ranges. © 2017 ITWeb syndicated under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Product shots by Apple. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com TOP OF THE NEWS THURSDAY JUNE 8 10 Biggest Changes Apple Didn't Announce on Stage at WWDC Not everything Apple introduces at WWDC gets a big announcement. Sometimes there are positive things that just aren't big enough for a fancy executive to spend 30 seconds talking about. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20   HP Delivers New Omen Gaming PCs   iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad   Android Update Fixes Pixel Freezing   Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN COMPUTING WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About Leak Reveals Flawed Election System IBM and Cisco Fighting Cybercrime New iMac Pro Workstation Debuts Intel Facing Chip Rival Onslaught INSIDE MOBILE TECH TODAY NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Apple’s first try with online television gets mixed reviews The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Brian Fung By Brian Fung June 7 at 1:35 PM Follow @b_fung (Apple/Planet of The Apps) Even as Apple sought to wow the public this week by announcing loads of new hardware and software updates, the tech company was preparing for a major new experiment in a very different part of its business: online television. On Tuesday, Apple debuted the first episode of its new reality show featuring Gwyneth Paltrow, will.i.am, Jessica Alba and the entrepreneur Gary Vaynerchuk as a panel of judges. Known as “Planet of the Apps,” the show places fresh-faced app developers on the spot for a chance at winning funding and a promising future. Contestants have one minute to deliver an “escalator pitch” to the judges on an actual moving walkway; if they survive the round, they may win mentoring from a judge before making another pitch to a venture capital firm. Tech geeks and fans of CNBC's “Shark Tank” are already warming to the series. But early signs suggest it may prove less accessible to Apple's more casual viewers. The show, which is available on iTunes as well as Apple Music, gets the iPhone-maker's feet wet in the increasingly competitive world of streaming media. The company didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Companies as diverse as AT&T, Facebook and CBS are all tinkering with ways to attract viewers to their online videos. This exclusive content provides companies with a potentially lucrative ad-revenue stream as more Americans shift their Internet consumption to digital video, particularly on mobile devices. Apple's first atttempt at streaming television is getting mixed reviews, but other streaming services are increasing coverage and becoming more affordable. This can help you determine if you should cancel your cable service. (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post) More than half of all mobile Internet consumption is taken up by video today, according to a recent report by the networking company Cisco. That figure is expected to grow to 78 percent by 2021. In addition to “Planet of the Apps,” Apple released a music documentary in December and has plans in August to air new episodes of “Carpool Karaoke,” a show popularized by TV host James Corden in which Corden sings along with his celebrity guests to music while behind the wheel of a car. “Planet of the Apps” reflects a big bet on the future of Apple's app-driven ecosystem. For years, Apple has touted the popularity of its app store and its role in creating a whole new cottage industry of programmers. By highlighting the nuts and bolts of conceiving and pitching an app, Apple gives new, nascent entrepreneurs a better peek into the industry that helps sustain the company's profits. (Apple takes a 30 percent cut of every app sold from its App Store, adding up to $28 billion a year in revenue.) But on the show, that obsession with process often comes at the expense of the elements that typically make reality TV click, according to some critics. “The biggest problem with 'Planet of the Apps' is that it doesn’t know what it’s selling — which should be the contestants,” wrote Maureen Ryan, Variety's chief TV critic, in a review. “It should turn them into compelling TV characters and make their quests dramatic, but it does a mediocre-to-poor job on those fronts.” The show's reviews on iTunes haven't fared much better. As of Wednesday afternoon, “Planet of the Apps” had a 2.5-star rating out of 5, with five reviewers. One user who goes by the handle “switcher2" said the judges lacked the expertise to evaluate the contestants' offerings. If I was rejected on Planet of the Apps, I’d drop a Puls in front of https://t.co/tpfBUFxPa1 and be like “you made THAT”. pic.twitter.com/AeBOXKu4bY — David Walker (@walkerdavide) June 7, 2017 Others said the moving walkway was a bit of a gimmick. The moving sidewalk thing in Planet of the Apps…. doesn’t work for me. — Jason Howell (@jasonhowell) June 7, 2017 Still, many are willing to give “Planet of the Apps” a chance, particularly those who are part of or already familiar with the tech industry. “As a tech entrepreneur myself, I found it to be super compelling, accurate, and inspiring!” wrote one commenter, Namon Eugene, on Variety's review. “I think you have to be in the tech world to appreciate the show.” Can't wait to watch Planet of the Apps tonight! #HiGaryVee — Derrick Chambers (@buff_engineer) June 7, 2017 “If you like Shark Tank, you'll probably enjoy Apple's 'Planet of the Apps,'" read one headline on the Next Web. While “Planet of the Apps” may appeal to a niche audience, Apple's enormous overall fan base is likely to contain enough potential viewers to keep the show going — at least until the company launches its next big move in TV. "Every time one competitor jumps into a space and sees success, every other competitor seems to jump right in thinking the water is great," said Jeff Kagan, an independent industry analyst. "Most fail, however. Whether Apple will be successful in streaming media is still to be determined." business technology the-switch false after3th true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecommunications, Internet access and the shifting media economy. Before joining The Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic. Follow @b_fung 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sideways Dictionary Created by See More Analogies or Add Your Own Sponsored by Sponsored by Most Read 1 ‘I expect loyalty,’ Trump told Comey, according to written testimony 2 Top intelligence official told associates Trump asked him if he could intervene with Comey on FBI Russia probe 3 Intelligence officials Rogers and Coats said they won’t discuss specifics of private conversations with Trump 4 Trump to nominate Christopher Wray as next FBI director 5 Trump to Comey: ‘I need loyalty, I expect loyalty,’ according to prepared remarks from the former FBI director’s testimony for Thursday The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Market Watch DJIA 0.17% NASDAQ 0.19% Get quote Last Update: 2:20 PM 06/07/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Sploid Paleofuture io9 Science Reviews Field Guide Watching Apple's New Shark Tank-Inspired TV Series Is Like Slowly Dying Bryan MenegusYesterday 1:10pm Filed to: hatewatch planet of the apps apple honest company goop apple music 38 3 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image: Apple Music Last night, Apple premiered its first attempt at an original TV show, Planet of the Apps, a Shark Tank meets American Idol unscripted series where app developers appeal to a panel of celebrity judges for outside funding. The first episode is currently available for free on Apple Music. It is also very bad. In fact, so much can be said of the show’s inanity that the most challenging aspect of watching it is arguably knowing which part to hate the most. There’s the name, which is a clear play on Planet of the Apes, a franchise which has nothing to do with this series. Advertisement There’s the showrunners’ decision to put candidates on an escalator while explaining their businesses. Because a literal representation of an “elevator pitch” is too on-the-nose, I guess, but having four judges swipe left or right on an app’s viability isn’t. There’s the inclusion among those judges of will.i.am, best known for slapping his name on a legendary string of tech failures, and Gwyneth Paltrow, whose company, Goop, is intent on making the public sicker and stupider through the proliferation of unproven health advice. No one on the panel of the judges (which is rounded out by Jessica Alba and angel investor Gary Vaynerchuk) is primarily an app creator. There’s the fact that Mr. i.am’s first full sentence on the show is a meandering rant on how hot his own sister is, as justification for turning down a badly-designed dating app. Sponsored There’s the show’s cloying need to remind the audience, constantly, through cinematographic fourth wall breaks that this is a show and this is taking place on a set, to unknown effect. There’s the director counting down! There’s the camera crew! Do you get it? Me neither. There’s the onscreen captions explaining tech jargon, like IP (intellectual property) and SDK (software developer kit). And there’s how insufferable it gets once the show’s rich people start combining those terms with business jargon (“we think of it as a B2B2c.”) 10 people watching this show are conversant in all these terms. Three of them give a shit. More than anything, Planet of the Apps lacks the emotional core that made shows like American Idol successful. That a reality show about app development was even considered says a lot about changing economic realities: The monolithic music industry is long dead and Silicon Valley has remained dominant for long enough to become an unscripted reality show. But culture moves slower than money, and being a good singer is still far cooler and more compelling than say, the act of coding, or pitching a room full of VCs. Surrounding the show is a feeling of economic suffocation. Of the two companies greenlit in the episode, the first, Companion, is two months from being broke and has to overhaul their business model because their concept got snagged by Google, a company Vaynerchuk repeatedly tells the founders they should not and cannot compete with. Companion initially asks for $3 million in funding. A cabal of unnamed (seriously, there are no lower thirds or introductions) VCs grants them $1 million. They’re over the moon. Advertisement The CEO of the second company—Pair—mentions how he draws his income from his company and sometimes he and his kids have to eat rice and beans. The cabal decides not to invest in his idea. In the end, Planet of the Apps is a soul-crushing reminder of a tech sphere bloated with rich fucks who seek only to extract value and labor from rubes, swathed in the incompatible trappings of a TV genre that felt novel close to 20 years ago. Advertisement And a big, dumb escalator. Recommended Stories Apple's First TV Show Looks Like a Cry for Help Was Eddy Cue Yelling at Rihanna During Last Night's NBA Finals? (Probably) The Mad King of Juice: Inside the Dysfunctional Origins of Juicero Bryan Menegus @BryanDisagrees Senior writer, internet culture and communities Reply38 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Gizmodo The Steamiest Details From James Comey's Prepared Trump Testimony Yesterday 2:44pm Gizmodo Incredible Discovery Pushes Back Origin of Homo Sapiens By 100,000 Years Yesterday 1:00pm Gizmodo Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine a Little Less Secret Yesterday 11:10am Recent from Bryan Menegus 52 22.1K Gizmodo · Bryan Menegus Uber's CEO Searches for Enlightenment in Company Lactation Room Yesterday 6:24pm 187 55.4K Gizmodo · Bryan Menegus The Steamiest Details From James Comey's Prepared Trump Testimony Yesterday 2:44pm 453 249.2K Gizmodo · Bryan Menegus Congressman Calls for Holy War on Muslims on Facebook: 'Kill Them All' [Updated] Monday 11:40am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Gizmodo Store Redirecting to the Gizmodo store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business Sirius XM is in talks for a minority stake in Pandora Nordstrom shares spike as founding family explores going private Ron Burkle’s Penguins score more than his investors Lenders who finance luxe shopping chains are nervous for the... AOL, Yahoo could lose 1,000 jobs after Verizon buyout Comey’s testimony unlikely to rock Wall Street Chipotle sued for failing to pay employees overtime Snapchat downloads are dropping off a cliff Apple to let other shops use its fancy machine for iPhone repairs DOJ weighs in on Wells Fargo whistleblower case Elon Musk says Model 3 assembly will ‘definitely’ start next... Goldman Sachs wants to handle your savings account Close Breaking News Watch live: James Comey testifies before Senate intel panel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Apple to let other shops use its fancy machine for iPhone repairs By Jacob Sonenshine View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 7, 2017 | 1:11pm | Updated June 7, 2017 | 9:29pm Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: iphone Apple could help government agencies spy on us Apple unveils first new gadget in nearly 3 years New 'miracle' material could be the end of shattered iPhones Cops crack crime using Facetime Got an iPhone with a cracked screen? Apple is rolling out a high-dollar remedy to a repair shop near you. The tech giant is making a fancy repair gadget called the “Horizon Machine” — which it says will do an impeccable job fixing an iPhone screen for as little as $129 — to 400 authorized third-party repair centers in 25 countries. That price is down from the $229 that was previously being charged at selected Apple stores equipped with Horizon Machines. Still, it’s well north of the $60 that many mom-and-pop repair shops and mall kiosks currently charge. Apple, for its part, says the Horizon Machine does a better job with the fix. If the sensor attached to the screen gets damaged, for example, the Horizon Machine will instruct the iPhone processor’s silicon brain to recognize a replacement sensor. Otherwise, the iPhone won’t be able to unlock with the touch of a finger. Among the first third-party outfits to get a Horizon Machine is Best Buy, which has long sold and serviced Apple products. The electronics retailer already has one of the screen-repair machines at a Miami-area store and one coming soon to an outlet in Sunnyvale, Calif. “We’ve been on a quest to expand our reach,” an Apple executive told Reuters, which first reported the news. The exec said wait times for customers needing phone repairs have grown recently at many of the company’s retail stores. Apple does not disclose revenue from its repair services, but analysts say the company’s annual revenue from repairs could range as high $1 billion to $2 billion. The change comes as eight US states have launched “right to repair” bills aimed at prying open the tightly controlled repair networks of Apple and other high-tech manufacturers. Apple said legislative pressure was not a factor in its decision to share its technology. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under apple ,  best buy ,  iphone Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next DOJ weighs in on Wells Fargo whistleblower case Read Next DOJ weighs in on Wells Fargo whistleblower case Share Selection Columnists John Crudele Comey's testimony unlikely to rock Wall Street Claire Atkinson Hillary needs to move on from her loss already Keith J. Kelly Hillary Clinton is a winner when it comes to publishing world SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Trending Now on NYPost.com 82,378 Dramatic video captures robbery suspect's deadly shootout with cops 60,498 Nude sunbathers say perverts on yacht used drone to peep at them 48,781 Sugar baby says she's addicted to travel, not the sex Now On Ryan Lochte and fiancée welcome a baby boy Nicole Kidman: ‘Big Little Lies’ drove me to smash glass Phil Collins gets stitches after nasty fall SEE ALL Video 1:47 This hairy hottie is protesting beauty standards by not shaving More Stories page six A-Rod's 'other woman' may just be after his money Now On Decider Norm Macdonald Explains Exactly Why Kathy Griffin’s Trump Beheading Stunt Was Such A Terrible Idea nypost Dramatic video captures robbery suspect's deadly shootout with cops New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
