Toggle navigation Financials Consumer Discretionary Technology Energy Gaming Healthcare Industrials Sports Video Toggle navigation Home About us Contact Us Authors US Edition November 14, 2016 Financials Consumer Discretionary Technology Energy Gaming Healthcare Industrials Sports Video Facebook Finds Apple and Roku TV to Expand Upon its Audience Network ToolA Facebook Google+ Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon FB AAPL Facebook is bringing personalized ads to apps on Apple and Roku TVs as part of its Audience Network Tool’s expansion plan Speculations confirm that social media giant, Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) has plans to bring targeted ads to apps on Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) Apple TV and Roku TV, a part of its determined efforts to branch out its Facebook Audience Network. A Facebook official revealed that the move is part of the company’s efforts to “best deliver” these video ads to a larger market including owners of the TV set-top boxes. Therefore, these video ads will circulate on apps available on the TV set-top boxes, aiming to grasp the attention of users around the world. Since a large proportion of web and app publishers use the popular social network to sell their ads based on users’ interests, we believe that the step will prove to be a great marketing plan for the company’s ad network. Facebook’s strategy of analyzing users’ browsing activities and interests helps it determine the sort of content they would like to see on their screens. An email sent by a Facebook official claimed: “Our goal is to bring relevant ad experiences to people both on Facebook and off." For now, the company is focusing its attention on apps for partners, A&E and Tubi TV that can be run on Apple and Roku TVs. Considering that the social media giant’s initiative aims to bring video ads to those not specifically accessing its own site, the move will help it attract more publishers who are willing to advertise to a specific target market of TV audiences. Through this, Facebook has a higher chance of operating as the next major player in the advertising sector. Both Roku and Apple devices operate as streaming devices, and Facebook may have more streaming device options to choose from in the subsequent future. Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ABOUT AUTHOR Author: Ken Bock Published: November 6, 2016 07:30 am EST RBC Capital Previews Cisco Ahead Of Q1FY17 Samsung Electronics Limited Might Release Galaxy Note 8 As Early As January Siemens Agrees On $4.5 Billion Deal To Buy Mentor Graphics trending Steel Dynamics Downgraded to Hold: Berenberg Consumer Discretionary 5 hours ago Lockheed Martin Upgraded To Buy At Stifel Industrials 5 hours ago Chevron Corporation: LNG Plant at Gorgon Resumes Operations Energy 5 hours ago About Us TheCountryCaller aims to be the epitome of all news providing outlets combining the dynamic Finance sector, with the latest in all of Technology and Entertainment. Catering to a diverse audience, our visionary authors and analysts keep a watchful eye over the constantly evolving markets and keep our users up to date with the breaking, Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Contact Us Copyright © 2016 The Country Caller ×
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Giants' Eli Apple says mama drama wasn't a distraction Print Email Dan Duggan | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Dan Duggan | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 06, 2016 at 6:23 PM, updated November 06, 2016 at 8:01 PM comments EAST RUTHERFORD — Mama said there'd be days like this. Giants rookie cornerback Eli Apple had the worst game of his young career in Sunday's 28-23 win over the Eagles. It doesn't seem like a coincidence that Apple played so poorly the same week that he was in the middle of a controversy involving his mother's criticism of the Giants. Breaking down Giants' win over Eagles But Apple insisted that the mid-week drama wasn't the cause of his rough game. "It was nothing like that," Apple said when asked if he was distracted. "It was all me. Just sometimes you're out there and you're trying to do too much and thinking too much. It's a good learning experience, so I'm going to get through it." Apple started Sunday's game, but he was benched in the third quarter after a string of mistakes. It was the first time Apple could recall getting benched in a game due to poor performance. "(The coaches) were just making sure I was cool, making sure my head was OK," Apple said. "They were just telling me to keep my head up." A few of Apple's lowlights: He lost contain on an 8-yard touchdown run by Ryan Mathews in the second quarter, he gave up numerous completions, he lined up offside to give the Eagles a first down and he missed a tackle on a 23-yard catch by Nelson Agholor to set up a touchdown. Apple was replaced by Trevin Wade, who had the coverage on the game-sealing incompletion late in the fourth quarter. "He struggled, but he'll bounce back," coach Ben McAdoo said. "He's a young player." Giants snap skid vs. Eagles Apple was the center of attention on Thursday, one day after his mother ripped the Giants for the second time in her regular column on SI.com. Annie Apple accused the Giants of "leaning heavily" on Eli to control her criticism of the organization's handling of the Josh Brown domestic violence situation. Eli Apple said that assertion was "definitely false" when he conducted a lengthy media session on Thursday centered on his mother's comments. Apple said it was hard to keep his head up after his rough outing. "It's definitely tough," Apple said. "You don't want to let nobody down. You don't want to let the team down or yourself down. It was tough. You know you're going to have little games like this. It's part of the learning experience. But you don't ever want to have those games, especially a big game. I'm going to learn from it. I'm going to get better." Odell Beckham Jr. practices one-handed catches Dan Duggan may be reached at dduggan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @DDuggan21. Find our Giants coverage on Facebook.   Listen to the latest episode of our Giants podcast Subscribe on iTunes Subscribe on Stitcher Subscribe on SoundCloud Giants Update NFL Scores & Schedules © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Standings Schedule Players Standings Schedule Players nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Feels like: Humidity: Wind speed: Tomorrow News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education In-Depth Waste Watchers Man arrested for Crossgates Mall shooting incident Lockdown drills helped Crossgates employees prepare for shooting Flood shuts down Schenectady City Hall Shenendehowa superintendent says hate speech increased after election Victim of violent Albany assault dies More News Stories Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Interactive Radar Hour By Hour Forecast Extended Forecast Watches, Warnings & Advisories WNYT.com Mobile Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Football Game of the Week High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Football Weekly Troy, Glens Falls and Cambridge Advance to State Semifinals RPI Wins Fourth Straight Dutchman Shoes Game UAlbany Opens Season with Win Over Penn State Washington County bobsledder makes U.S. National Team UAlbany Cruises to Exhibition Win Against New Paltz More Sports Stories Lifestyle Top Teacher STEM13 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Melinda's Garden Forum 13 Giving thanks year round Woman puts pen to paper to encourage depression dialogue Peter DeWitt on "Collaborative Leadership" Real Food Fast: Thanksgiving Made Easy World Tour of Food and Wine More Lifestyle Stories Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Toys For Tots Save a Life Blood Drive World Tour of Food and Wine Save a Life Blood Drive Events Calendar Contests More Things to Do Stories WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show FCC EEO Public File Report NewsChannel 13 Live at 10 on My4 Albany UAlbany Football Weekly, Saturdays at 11:30am Martin Harding & Mazzotti Capital Region Pet Show, Saturdays & Sundays at 11am Who Wants To Be A Millionaire Weeknights at 7 The King of Queens Weeknights at 6 & 6:30 More WNYA My4 Stories Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Harry Weekdays at 4 Me-TV Antenna TV NBC MyNetworkTV More Programming Stories Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information MENU MENU News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education In-Depth Waste Watchers Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Interactive Radar Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Football Game of the Week High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Football Weekly Lifestyle Top Teacher STEM13 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Melinda's Garden Forum 13 Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Toys For Tots Save a Life Blood Drive WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show FCC EEO Public File Report Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information QUICK LINKS: Closings & Delays | Contests | STEM13 | Toys For Tots | Live Video | WNYT Apps & Alerts Advertisement Contraband smuggling investigation leads to 13 arrests November 06, 2016 06:45 PM ALBANY -- Merlin Thomas, a correction sergeant at the Albany County Jail, faced a judge in Colonie Town Court Sunday on nearly a dozen charges in connection with an alleged prison contraband smuggling operation. “You look for good employees to do good things,” said Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple. “Here, he's going to pay dearly for this.” Advertisement – Content Continues Below Apple says it was the result of a three-month investigation after an inmate tipped them off. “As a result of recorded phone calls, we knew the sergeant would be smuggling contraband into the facility yesterday morning,” Apple said. Thomas, 48, was arrested. Apple says he had contraband on him and in his car at the time. The jail went into lockdown Saturday as investigators searched the facility and found a cell phone, four homemade knives and marijuana. As a result, 12 other people were under arrest. Apple says Thomas was the middle man, meeting civilian suspects from outside the jail. “Collecting $200 in cash and taking packages into the facility. The packages would contain anything from tobacco, marijuana, controlled substances and cell phones,” Apple said. Those packages would be delivered to inmates connected to the civilians outside the jail, according to Apple. “In some cases, we had girlfriends,” Apple said. “In one case, we had a father.” The group was also arraigned in Colonie on Sunday. They were brought in one-by-one in handcuffs with the exception of Raheem Hines, who Apple says is still at large. Altogether, they face four misdemeanors and six felonies, including conspiracy, bribery and official misconduct. Apple says there'll be some changes in security to prevent this from happening again. “You really look for honesty and trust with your employees,” he said. “Other than strip search your employees prior to coming to work, you just pray to God that you got good, stand up employees and no crud.” Credits WNYT Staff Updated: November 06, 2016 06:45 PM Created: November 06, 2016 05:41 PM Copyright 2016 - WNYT-TV, LLC A Hubbard Broadcasting Company Advertisement Top Stories Man arrested for Crossgates Mall shooting incident Lockdown drills helped Crossgates employees prepare for shooting Flood shuts down Schenectady City Hall In Depth: School healthcare rebates Shenendehowa superintendent says hate speech increased after election Victim of violent Albany assault dies Police: Fight over woman prompted Shaftsbury murder-suicide In complete reversal, Obama refuses to criticize Trump Advertisement Most Read Stories Man arrested for Crossgates Mall shooting incident Chili's manager takes away vet's free meal on Veterans Day Shenendehowa superintendent says hate speech increased after election Schodack police search for missing man Swastika transformed into message of 'LOVE' Advertisement Advertisement NEWS WEATHER SPORTS INTERACTIVE YOUR MONEY LIFESTYLE EVENTS WNYA My4 PROGRAMMING LINKS CONTACT US WNYT Public File | WNYA Public File | FCC Reports The station representative that can assist any person with disabilities with issues related to the content of the public file is Laura Sousa. She can be contacted at lsousa@wnyt.com or 518-207-4703. About Us | Contact Us | News Team | © Copyright A Hubbard Broadcasting Company
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Staples Black Friday ad leaks with cheap Windows laptops, Amazon Fire tablet PC deals The office superstore joins BJ's Wholesale in offering the 7-inch Amazon Fire for $33.33, but it also continues the trend of no Apple iPad sales so far. By Sean Portnoy for Laptops & Desktops | November 6, 2016 -- 22:39 GMT (14:39 PST) | Topic: PCs No Apple iPad deals in the Staples Black Friday ad this year. As Black Friday draws within three weeks, the ad leaks are starting to pick up in pace. For tech buyers, the Staples Black Friday ad leak may be the biggest so far, and it provides further evidence of an early trend: It's the latest retailer not to promote any deals on that former Black Friday stalwart -- Apple's iPad tablet. Part of that is due to Apple's stinginess on discounts in general, and part is due to the fading appetite of consumers for new tablets. Nevertheless, Staples still has the most tablet deals we've seen from a Black Friday ad this year, including matching BJ's Wholesale with a $33.33 special on the Amazon Fire 7-inch tablet. It goes one better by also having an Amazon Fire HD 8 slate on sale, but this is a case where a little research shows it's not as good a deal as advertised. Staples hypes the sale price of $79.99 as $50, but there are two oddities in the listing. First, Amazon itself lists the price of the Fire HD 8 as $89.99, not the $129.99 regular price Staples is claiming. Even more egregiously, the Fire model shown in the ad has only 8GB of storage, whereas the current base Amazon version comes with 16GB. In other words, Staples is trying to sell an older model with less storage for a mere $10 less than the current version, but touting massive savings. You've been warned. Black Friday 2016 CNET 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Hhgregg ad has 12.9-inch iPad Pro deal Office Depot/OfficeMax ad features $119 Windows 2-in-1 tablet, $169 HP laptop Best Buy ad reveals $100 Windows laptop deal, $125 iPad Air 2, Pro savings Walmart ad features $199 Apple iPad mini 2, $119 Chromebook deals Target ad has iPad Pro for $449, iPad Air 2 for $274 HP ad leaks with PC deals from $250 Staples ad leaks with laptops, tablet deals Costco ad leaks with laptop, desktop, tablet deals Ads for Dell Small Business leak BJ's Wholesale ad features $33.33 Amazon Fire tablet Sam's Club ad leaks with HP laptop, desktop deals Dell's ad leaks with $100 laptop, desktop deals Instead of iPads, the stores with Black Friday ad leaks have thus far listed Samsung Galaxy Tab discounts. Unfortunately for Staples, its specials are undercut by rivals: Its $99.99 price on the 7-inch Tab A is $10 more than in BJ's ad (and BJ's also throws in a 16GB microSD card), while its $129.99 price on the 8-inch Tab A is $10 more than in Costco's ad. Unlike its competitors, however, Staples has a sale on the budget-friendly 7-inch Galaxy Tab E Lite; at $69.99, it's actually $50 off the current price Samsung has on its site. But it's less successful with its $799 Surface Pro 4 pricing, which is $50 more for the same configuration as BJ's (though still $200 less than Microsoft's current price). As with Costco, Staples has a large number of Windows laptop deals for Black Friday, highlighted by a $229.99 HP 15-ay061 with Intel Pentium N3710 CPU, 8GB of RAM, 500GB hard drive, and 15.6-inch display. That's $90 less than the current price, not $190 as the ad states. In fact, this is the case with many of the PC sales Staples list: The price currently on its website is already reduced, meaning the savings are less whopping than its ad suggests. While there is no $100 laptop like Dell has for a doorbuster, there are four additional notebook specials for under $300: The Dell Inspiron I5555-0012 (AMD A8 processor, 6GB of RAM, 500GB hard drive, 15.6-inch display) for $269.99; a Dell Inspiron (Pentium CPU, 4GB of RAM, 500GB hard drive, 11.6-inch display) for $299.99, the HP 15-ay065 (Core i3-5005U, 6GB of RAM, 1TB hard drive, 15.6-inch display) for $299.99, and the Lenovo IdeaPad 100 (also Core i3-5005U, 4GB of RAM, 500GB hard drive, 15.6-inch display) for $299.99. In addition to those sales, there are 11 further laptop deals that Staples is advertising: $349.99 -- Dell Inspiron i5559-1350SLV (Core i3/6GB/1TB/15.6-inch) $389.99 -- HP Pavilion 14-al062 (Core i5/12GB/1TB/14-inch) $399.99 -- HP 14-al061nr (Core i3/8GB/1TB/14-inch) $399.99 -- HP 17-x061 (Core i3/8GB/1TB/17.3-inch) $449.99 -- Dell Inspiron 13 I5368-2405GRY (Core i3/8GB/500GB/13.3-inch full HD touchscreen) $449.99 -- Dell Inspiron i5559-3349SLVV (Core i5/8GB/128GB SSD/15.6-inch) $479.99 -- HP Pavilion 15-au062 (Core i5/8GB/1TB/15.6-inch-inch) $499.99 -- HP Pavilion 15-au063 (Core i7/12GB/1TB/14-inch) $499.99 -- Lenovo Flex 4 (Core i5/8GB/256GB SSD/14-inch full HD touchscreen) $599.99 -- Lenovo Ideapad 510 (Core i5/8GB/1TB/15.6-inch full HD) $629.99 -- HP Pavilion x360 15-bk010nr (Core i5/8GB/1TB/15.6-inch full HD touchscreen) There are also a half-dozen desktop deals split between towers and all-in-ones. The tower sales start at $279.99 ($70 less than current price) with the HP Slimline 260-p026, which comes with a Core i3-6100T processor, 8GB of RAM, and terabyte hard drive. Jumping up to $399.99 ($180 off) is the HP Pavilion 510-p026 with Core i5-6400T quad-core CPU, 12 gigs of RAM and 1TB hard drive, while the Dell Inspiron 3650 features a faster Core i5-6400 chip, 8GB of RAM, and 1TB of hard drive space for $449.99 -- though note you can get it for that price right now from Staples. As with the towers, the three all-in-one PC specials comprise a pair of HPs and a Dell. The HP 22-b016, with Intel Pentium processor, 4GB of RAM, terabyte hard drive, and 21.5-inch full HD display, is $299.99, or $80 off the current price, while the Pavilion 24-b016 comes a Core i3-6100T, 8 gigs of memory, 1TB hard drive, and 23.8-inch full HD screen for $449.99, or $50 less than the current price. Finally, the Dell Inspiron 5459 also includes a 23.8-inch display, but adds touchscreen capabilities, along with a Core i5-6400T processor for $699.99, or $200 off the regular price. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware Hhgregg Black Friday ad includes 12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro deal Mobility Office Depot/OfficeMax Black Friday ad features $119 Windows 2-in-1 tablet, $169 HP laptop PCs Best Buy Black Friday ad reveals $100 Windows laptop deal, $125 iPad Air 2, Pro savings Hardware Walmart Black Friday ad features $199 Apple iPad mini 2, $119 Chromebook deals × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Computers Chromebooks Laptops Ultrabooks Smartphones Android Phones iPhone Tablets Android Tablets iPad Windows Tablets © 2016. TabTimes.com. All rights reserved Contact About Jailbreak for iPhone 7 on iOS 10.1 demoed Computers Chromebooks Laptops Ultrabooks Smartphones Android Phones iPhone Tablets Android Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Trending: Macbook Pro (2016) iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 Dell XPS 15 Macbook 12 Dell XPS 13 Smartphones Jailbreak for iPhone 7 on iOS 10.1 demoed by Dan Bartram33 seconds ago0 comments Progress on the Jailbreak front for iOS 10 has been quiet recently and there’s been a lack of news on the whole around when iPhone 7 users can expect a Jailbreak for their new device. There’s been a few sightings of people who have successfully Jailbroken their iPhone 7 but have kept the exploit private as to not have it patched by Apple. The most recent demo of a Jailbreak has been by @ijapija00 on an iPhone 7 running iOS 10.1, which they also claim works on iOS 10.1.1 as well. Apple recently updated its latest version of iOS to 10.1.1, so for this exploit to work to enable a Jailbreak to still work shows the value in keeping it private. Clearly whatever vulnerability they are using to exploit to make the Jailbreak possible isn’t on Apple’s radar. Jailbreaking has been made even more difficult by Apple in the ongoing game of cat and mouse. With iOS 10 came the implementation of Apple’s KPP (kernel patch protection) which made it significantly more difficult to release a stable Jailbreak. Nevertheless, it seems that the possibility of a Jailbreak on iOS 10.1.1 is still possible. Having a Jailbreak is one thing but having tweaks to run and actually doing something with the Jailbreak is another. The Jailbreak above is using a specialized alternative library to Cydia Substrate to run tweaks on the latest firmware. Saurik, the creator and maintainer of the Cydia Substrate, seems to be confident that it should work just fine on the latest firmware, which according to a comment he shared on Reddit, questions the legitimacy of the video: So he should tell me what he feels needs to be “patched” :/. FWIW, Substrate is known to work on iOS 10.0, and I have good reason to believe it works fine on iOS 10.1. BTW: I’ll say that one way to gain a lot of immediate legitimacy is to actually provide such details… rather than saying “waiting on saurik”, you say “on iOS 10 they changed X, and so we had to do Y, which is something saurik now needs to update”; it doesn’t affect your jailbreak (as this is something in userland which is totally unrelated to the exploit), and it makes it extremely clear “ok, this is actually real”, as the only way you’d be able to say something credible about that is from having tested it with a real jailbreak (and otherwise, as it stands, I still don’t see anything in this video which is really making me think “ok, this is a jailbreak”). Saurik’s concerns aren’t the only ones the cast doubt into the legitimacy of the Jailbreak demo. It shows a third party app being used to verify the version of iOS that is running, which is an odd way to do so. The easiest way to do it would be to simply head into Settings, General, and then to the About screen, so could this be utilizing some kind of non-standard software? The Jailbreak appears to be a semi-tethered one, which relies on a specialized app to re-Jailbreak the device after every reboot. Regardless, it seems that however this Jailbreak is done, legitimate or not, that it won’t ever see the light of day and made into a public Jailbreak. The reasons for this by the developer are simply because maintaining a public release takes too much effort. The major reasons for this not being published are: 1. Cydia Substrate is patched by replacing a library that loads the tweaks into the system. If we would have a un-patched Substrate for 10.x then I maybe would consider twice about this. But as long as it’s patched and I don’t own it, there’ll be not releases! 2. As a single developer, I don’t want to be responsible for other people’s devices, if they break or lose something. I neither don’t have the time to help people having problems with the jailbreak process itself. 3. Also, this jailbreak is stable sometimes and sometimes not. That means that it’s mostly used for testing tweaks or for private use and is NOT ready to be released at all! So unfortunately while it is certainly possible to Jailbreak the latest version of iOS 10.1.1, the video only really confirms the fact, and won’t directly result in a public Jailbreak for iOS 10.1.1, unless the developer shares the exploit with a team who are prepared to maintain a public release. Are you waiting on a Jailbreak for iOS 10.1.1? Drop us a comment below and let us know. What’s Next? Apple rolls out iOS 10.1, brings Portrait mode to the iPhone 7 Plus Android vs iOS: how they compare (updated for Android Nougat and iOS 10) Apple patches the executable JPEG and PDF exploit in iOS 10.1 iPhoneNews Apple, Apple iPhone 7, iOS 10, iOS 10.1.1, News Apple, Apple iPhone 7, iOS 10, iOS 10.1.1, News You may also like MORE   No iPhone SE refresh next year11 hours ago   Best iPhone 7 headphone adapters13 hours ago   Apple offers USB-C cables and accesso...15 hours ago   Best iPad Bluetooth keyboards22 hours ago   Best iPad mini 4 cases – don...1 day ago   Just how powerful are Apple’s n...3 days ago Load Comments Giveaway   Apple iPhone 7 international giveaway – TabTimes Monthly November 2016 Reviews   Macbook 2016 (12-inch) review   iPad Pro vs iPad Air 2 – a big tablet just got bigger   Lenovo ThinkPad 13 Chromebook review   Lenovo Yoga Book Review – Innovative design, first generation execution   Lenovo ideapad Y900 review View All The Best   Best laptop processors – what should you look for? November 5, 2016   Best iPhone 7 headphone adapters November 5, 2016   Best portable projectors – stay entertained on the go! November 5, 2016   Best iPad Bluetooth keyboards November 5, 2016   Best tablet for kids (November 2016) November 3, 2016 View All Stay connected © 2016. TabTimes.com. All rights reserved Contact About
null
null
GBP £ US $ EUR € AU $ | My Account Log in | Register My Account | Sign out Log in to your account Forgotten your password? Not yet a member? Register for an account and access leading-edge content on emerging technologies. Register now Close Packt Logo Books & Videos Tech Packt Support Search My Collection Cart Book & Video Categories Web Development Big Data & Business Intelligence Application Development Virtualization & Cloud Game Development Networking & Servers Hardware & Creative Business All Products All Books All Videos Latest Releases 50% off Deal of the Day Learn how to use Spark to process big data at speed and scale for sharper analytics. Put the principles into practice for faster, slicker big data projects. $16.00 RRP $31.99 Sign up here to get these deals straight to your inbox Tech Android AngularJS Arduino Blender Bootstrap Data Analysis Django Docker Drupal Graphics Programming Hadoop Internet of Things iOS Java JavaScript jQuery Linux Machine Learning OpenCV OpenStack Oracle Penetration Testing PHP PostgreSQL Python QlikView R Scala Spark Spring Swift Unity WordPress Packt Publishing About Us Our Authors Trade & Partners Contact Us Careers Support FAQs Ordering Information Terms & Conditions Code Downloads & Errata Submit Errata Mapt Subscribe Mapt For Business Take me to Mapt Search Added to Cart ...and more You don't have anything in your cart right now. Subtotal 0.00 Free shipping on print orders for US, UK, Europe and selected Asian countries View Cart Check Out   Title added to cart   Home  >  Books  >  Swift 3 Game Development - Second Edition Designing Games with Swift Stephen Haney November 2016 In this article by Stephen Haney, the author of the book Swift 3 Game Development - Second Edition, we will see that apple's newest version of its flagship programming language, Swift 3, is the perfect choice for game developers. As it matures, Swift is realizing its opportunity to be something special, a revolutionary tool for app creators. Swift is the gateway for developers to create the next big game in the Apple ecosystem. We have only started to explore the wonderful potential of mobile gaming, and Swift is the modernization we need for our toolset. Swift is fast, safe, current, and attractive to developers coming from other languages. Whether you are new to the Apple world, or a seasoned veteran of Objective-C, I think you will enjoy making games with Swift. (For more resources related to this topic, see here.) Apple's website states the following: "Swift is a successor to the C and Objective-C languages." My goal is to guide you step-by-step through the creation of a 2D game for iPhones and iPads. We will start with installing the necessary software, work through each layer of game development, and ultimately publish our new game to the App Store. We will also have some fun along the way! We aim to create an endless flyer game featuring a magnificent flying penguin named Pierre. What is an endless flyer? Picture hit games like iCopter, Flappy Bird, Whale Trail, Jetpack Joyride, and many more—the list is quite long. Endless flyer games are popular on the App Store, and the genre necessitates that we cover many reusable components of 2D game design. I will show you how to modify our mechanics to create many different game styles. My hope is that our demo project will serve as a template for your own creative works. Before you know it, you will be publishing your own game ideas using the techniques we explore together. In this article, we will learn the following topics: Why you will love Swift What you will learn in this article New in Swift 3 Setting up your development environment Creating your first Swift game Why you will love Swift Swift, as a modern programming language, benefits from the collective experience of the programming community; it combines the best parts of other languages and avoids poor design decisions. Here are a few of my favorite Swift features: Beautiful syntax: Swift's syntax is modern and approachable, regardless of your existing programming experience. Apple balanced syntax with structure to make Swift concise and readable. Interoperability: Swift can plug directly into your existing projects and run side-by-side with your Objective-C code. Strong typing: Swift is a strongly typed language. This means the compiler will catch more bugs at compile time, instead of when your users are playing your game! The compiler will expect your variables to be of a certain type (int, string, and so on) and will throw a compile-time error if you try to assign a value of a different type. While this may seem rigid if you are coming from a weakly typed language, the added structure results in safer, more reliable code. Smart type inference: To make things easier, type inference will automatically detect the types of your variables and constants based upon their initial value. You do not need to explicitly declare a type for your variables. Swift is smart enough to infer variable types in most expressions. Automatic memory management: As the Apple Swift developer guide states, "memory management just works in Swift". Swift uses a method called Automatic Reference Counting (ARC) to manage your game's memory usage. Besides a few edge cases, you can rely on Swift to safely clean up and turn off the lights. An even playing field: One of my favorite things about Swift is how quickly the language is gaining mainstream adoption. We are all learning and growing together, and there is a tremendous opportunity to break new ground. Open source: From version 2.2 onwards, Apple made Swift open source, curetting it through the website www.swift.org, and launched a package manager with Swift 3. This is a welcome change as it fosters greater community involvement and a larger ecosystem of third party tools and add-ons. Eventually, we should see Swift migrate to new platforms. Prerequisites I will try to make this text easy to understand for all skill levels: I will assume you are brand new to Swift as a language Requires no prior game development experience, though it will help I will assume you have a fundamental understanding of common programming concepts What you will learn in this article You will be capable of creating and publishing your own iOS games. You will know how to combine the techniques we learned to create your own style of game, and you will be well prepared to dive into more advanced topics with a solid foundation in 2D game design. Embracing SpriteKit SpriteKit is Apple's 2D game development framework and your main tool for iOS game design. SpriteKit will handle the mechanics of our graphics rendering, physics, and sound playback. As far as game development frameworks go, SpriteKit is a terrific choice. It is built and supported by Apple and thus integrates perfectly with Xcode and iOS. You will learn to be highly proficient with SpriteKit as we will be using it exclusively in our demo game. We will learn to use SpriteKit to power the mechanics of our game in the following ways: Animate our player, enemies, and power-ups Paint and move side-scrolling environments Play sounds and music Apply physics-like gravity and impulses for movement Handle collisions between game objects Reacting to player input The control schemes in mobile games must be inventive. Mobile hardware forces us to simulate traditional controller inputs, such as directional pads and multiple buttons, on the screen. This takes up valuable visible area, and provides less precision and feedback than with physical devices. Many games operate with only a single input method: A single tap anywhere on the screen. We will learn how to make the best of mobile input, and explore new forms of control by sensing device motion and tilt. Structuring your game code It is important to write well-structured code that is easy to re-use and modify as your game design inevitably changes. You will often find mechanical improvements as you develop and test your games, and you will thank yourself for a clean working environment. Though there are many ways to approach this topic, we will explore some best practices to build an organized system with classes, protocols, inheritance, and composition. Building UI/menus/levels We will learn to switch between scenes in our game with a menu screen. We will cover the basics of user experience design and menu layout as we build our demo game. Integrating with Game Center Game Center is Apple's built-in social gaming network. Your game can tie into Game Center to store and share high scores and achievements. We will learn how to register for Game Center, tie it into our code, and create a fun achievement system. Maximizing fun If you are like me, you will have dozens of ideas for games floating around your head. Ideas come easily, but designing fun game play is difficult! It is common to find that your ideas need game play enhancements once you see your design in action. We will look at how to avoid dead-ends and see your project through to the finish line. Plus, I will share my tips and tricks to ensure your game will bring joy to your players. Crossing the finish line Creating a game is an experience you will treasure. Sharing your hard work will only sweeten the satisfaction. Once our game is polished and ready for public consumption, we will navigate the App Store submission process together. You will finish feeling confident in your ability to create games with Swift and bring them to market in the App Store. Monetizing your work Game development is a fun and rewarding process, even without compensation, but the potential exists to start a career, or side-job, selling games on the App Store. Successfully promoting and marketing your game is an important task. I will outline your options and start you down the path to monetization. New in Swift 3 The largest feature in Swift 3 is syntax compatibility and stability. Apple is trying to refine its young, shifting language into its final foundational shape. Each successive update of Swift has introduced breaking syntax changes that made older code incompatible with the newest version of Swift; this is very inconvenient for developers. Going forward, Swift 3 aims to reach maturity and maintain source compatibility with future releases of the language. Swift 3 also features the following:  A package manager that will help grow the ecosystem A more consistent, readable API that often results in less code for the same result Improved tooling and bug fixes in the IDE, Xcode Many small syntax improvements in consistency and clarity Swift has already made tremendous steps forward as a powerful, young language. Now Apple is working on polishing Swift into a mature, production-ready tool. The overall developer experience improves with Swift 3. Setting up your development environment Learning a new development environment can be a roadblock. Luckily, Apple provides some excellent tools for iOS developers. We will start our journey by installing Xcode. Introducing and installing Xcode Xcode is Apple's Integrated Development Environment (IDE). You will need Xcode to create your game projects, write and debug your code, and build your project for the App Store. Xcode also comes bundled with an iOS simulator to test your game on virtualized iPhones and iPads on your computer. Apple praises Xcode as "an incredibly productive environment for building amazing apps for Mac, iPhone, and iPad".   To install Xcode, search for Xcode in the AppStore, or visit http://developer.apple.com and select Developer and then Xcode. Swift is continually evolving, and each new Xcode release brings changes to Swift. If you run into errors because Swift has changed, you can always use Xcode's built-in syntax update tool. Simply use Xcode's Edit | Convert to Latest Syntax option to update your code. Xcode performs common IDE features to help you write better, faster code. If you have used IDEs in the past, then you are probably familiar with auto completion, live error highlighting, running and debugging a project, and using a project manager pane to create and organize your files. However, any new program can seem overwhelming at first. We will walk through some common interface functions over the next few pages. I have also found tutorial videos on YouTube to be particularly helpful if you are stuck. Most common search queries result in helpful videos. Creating our first Swift game Do you have Xcode installed? Let us see some game code in action in the simulator! We will start by creating a new project in Xcode. For our demo game, we will create a side-scrolling endless flyer featuring an astonishing flying penguin named Pierre. I am going to name this project Pierre Penguin Escapes the Antarctic, but feel free to name your project whatever you like. Follow these steps to create a new project in Xcode: Launch Xcode and navigate to File | New | Project. You will see a screen asking you to select a template for your new project. Select iOS | Application in the left pane, and Game in the right pane. It should look like this: Once you select Game, click Next. The following screen asks us to enter some basic information about our project. Don’t worry; we are almost at the fun bit. Fill in the Product Name field with the name of your game. Let us fill in the Team field. Do you have an active Apple developer account? If not, you can skip over the Team field for now. If you do, your Team is your developer account. Click Add Team and Xcode will open the accounts screen where you can log in. Enter your developer credentials as shown in the following screenshot: Once you're authenticated, you can close the accounts screen. Your developer account should appear in the Team dropdown. You will want to pick a meaningful Organization Name and Organization Identifier when you create your own games for publication. Your Organization Name is the name of your game development studio. For me, that's Joyful Games. By convention, your Organization Identifier should follow a reverse domain name style. I will use io.JoyfulGames since my website is JoyfulGames.io. After you fill out the name fields, be sure to select Swift for the Language, SpriteKit for Game Technology, and Universal for Devices. For now, uncheck Integrate GameplayKit, uncheck Include Unit Tests, uncheck Include UI Tests. We will not use these features in our demo game. Here are my final project settings: Click Next and you will see the final dialog box. Save your new project. Pick a location on your computer and click Next. And we are in! Xcode has pre-populated our project with a basic SpriteKit template. Navigating our project Now that we have created our project, you will see the project navigator on the left-hand side of Xcode. You will use the project navigator to add, remove, and rename files and generally organize your project. You might notice that Xcode has created quite a few files in our new project. We will take it slow; don’t feel that you have to know what each file does yet, but feel free to explore them if you are curious: Exploring the SpriteKit Demo Use the project navigator to open up the file named GameScene.swift. Xcode created GameScene.swift to store the default scene of our new game. What is a scene? SpriteKit uses the concept of scenes to encapsulate each unique area of a game. Think of the scenes in a movie; we will create a scene for the main menu, a scene for the Game Over screen, a scene for each level in our game, and so on. If you are on the main menu of a game and you tap Play, you move from the menu scene to the Level 1 scene. SpriteKit prepends its class names with the letters "SK"; consequently, the scene class is SKScene. You will see there is already some code in this scene. The SpriteKit project template comes with a very small demo. Let's take a quick look at this demo code and use it to test the iOS simulator. Please do not be concerned with understanding the demo code at this point. Your focus should be on learning the development environment. Look for the run toolbar at the top of the Xcode window. It should look something like the following: Select the iOS device of your choice to simulate using the dropdown on the far right. Which iOS device should you simulate? You are free to use the device of your choice. I will be using an iPhone 6 for the screenshots, so choose iPhone 6 if you want your results to match my images perfectly. Unfortunately, expect your game to play poorly in the simulator. SpriteKit suffers from poor FPS in the iOS simulator. Once our game becomes relatively complex, we will see our FPS drop, even on high-end computers. The simulator will get you through, but it is best if you can plug in a physical device to test. It is time for our first glimpse of SpriteKit in action! Press the gray play arrow in the toolbar (handy keyboard shortcut: command + r). Xcode will build the project and launch the simulator. The simulator starts in a new window, so make sure you bring it to the front. You should see a gray background with white text: Hello, World. Click around on the gray background. You will see colorful, spinning boxes spawning wherever you click: If you have made it this far, congratulations! You have successfully installed and configured everything you need to make your first Swift game. Once you have finished playing with the spinning squares, you can close the simulator down and return to Xcode. Note: You can use the keyboard command command + q to exit the simulator or press the stop button inside Xcode. If you use the stop button, the simulator will remain open and launch your next build faster. Examining the demo code Let's quickly explore the demo code. Do not worry about understanding everything just yet; we will cover each element in depth later. At this point, I am hoping you will acclimatize to the development environment and pick up a few things along the way. If you are stuck, keep going! Make sure you have GameScene.swift open in Xcode. The demo GameScene class implements some functions you will use in your games. Let’s examine these functions. Feel free to read the code inside each function, but I do not expect you to understand the specific code just yet. The game invokes the didMove function whenever it switches to the GameScene. You can think of it a bit like an initialize, or main, function for the scene. The SpriteKit demo uses it to draw the Hello, World text to the screen and set up the spinning square shape that shows up when we tap. There are seven functions involving touch which handle the user's touch input to the iOS device screen. The SpriteKit demo uses these functions to spawn the spinning square wherever we touch the screen. Do not worry about understanding these functions at this time. The update function runs once for every frame drawn to the screen. The SpriteKit demo does not use this function, but we may have reason to implement it later. Cleaning up I hope that you have absorbed some Swift syntax and gained an overview of Swift and SpriteKit. It is time to make room for our own game; let us clear all of that demo code out! We want to keep a little bit of the boilerplate, but we can delete most of what is inside the functions. To be clear, I do not expect you to understand this code yet. This is simply a necessary step towards the start of our journey. Please remove lines from your GameScene.swift file until it looks like the following code: import SpriteKit

class GameScene: SKScene {
    override funcdidMove(to view: SKView) {
    }
} Summary You have already accomplished a lot. You have had your first experience with Swift, installed and configured your development environment, launched code successfully into the iOS simulator. Great work! Resources for Article: Further resources on this subject: Swift for Open Source Developers [Article] Swift Power and Performance [Article] Introducing the Swift Programming Language [Article] You've been reading an excerpt of: Swift 3 Game Development - Second Edition Explore Title Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Contact Us Get in touch here if you have any queries or issues. Help & Support Click here for FAQs, order information, T&Cs, errata and code downloads. Alerts & Offers Sign up to our emails for regular updates, bespoke offers, exclusive discounts and great free content. © Packt Publishing Limited. All Rights Reserved Contact Us View our Cookie Policy Our Privacy Policy Series & Level We understand your time is important. Uniquely amongst the major publishers, we seek to develop and publish the broadest range of learning and information products on each technology. Every Packt product delivers a specific learning pathway, broadly defined by the Series type. This structured approach enables you to select the pathway which best suits your knowledge level, learning style and task objectives. Learning As a new user, these step-by-step tutorial guides will give you all the practical skills necessary to become competent and efficient. Beginner's Guide Friendly, informal tutorials that provide a practical introduction using examples, activities, and challenges. Essentials Fast paced, concentrated introductions showing the quickest way to put the tool to work in the real world. Cookbook A collection of practical self-contained recipes that all users of the technology will find useful for building more powerful and reliable systems. Blueprints Guides you through the most common types of project you'll encounter, giving you end-to-end guidance on how to build your specific solution quickly and reliably. Mastering Take your skills to the next level with advanced tutorials that will give you confidence to master the tool's most powerful features. Starting Accessible to readers adopting the topic, these titles get you into the tool or technology so that you can become an effective user. Progressing Building on core skills you already have, these titles share solutions and expertise so you become a highly productive power user.
Close NetGuide NZ - There's great news for Android, but not so good for Apple Search Login About us OUR ASIAN NETWORK SecurityBrief Asia DataCenterNews Asia EnterpriseChannel Asia OUR AUSTRALIAN NETWORK IT Brief Australia SecurityBrief Australia ChannelLife Australia OUR NEW ZEALAND NETWORK Techday NetGuide NZ Educators NZ bizEDGE NZ IT Brief NZ ChannelLife NZ SecurityBrief NZ ABOUT TECHDAY About Us Meet the Team FAQ Advertise Terms of Use Contact Us Singapore +65 3 159 0565 Australia +61 1300 092 195 New Zealand +64 9 376 8121 The latest consumer tech and gadget news for Kiwis Tags Google, Android, Huawei, Apple There's great news for Android, but not so good for Apple November 07, 2016 9AM Patrick Pilcher medium text large text The relentless march of Android continues, and it isn't good news for Apple. The latest data from Strategy Analytics shows Android has snagged a whopping 87.5 percent of the global smartphone market. This translates into 9 out of 10 smartphones worldwide using the little green droid. This is great news for those with Google shares, but isn’t so good for Apple. Their market share sagged by 5.2% over same period. Research numbers are disputable, but Strategy Analytics' findings have been further confirmed by Apple's earnings.  These highlighted 3 quarters of declining iPhone sales. The Strategy Analytics report says Apple’s iOS market share was at 12.1 percent in the 3rd calendar quarter: this is down on the 13.6 percent recorded for the same period last year. The parallels between the smartphone and PC market are eerily familiar. Apple was an early pioneer in the personal computer market, driving many early innovations. Its unstoppable momentum began to fade and slipped into reverse in the mid 90s. It wasn’t until Steve Jobs returned to the fold that Apple's fortunes recovered. Now it appears history could be repeating, except there is no Steve Jobs to ride in and turn things around. Recent iPhone launches have seen devices that resemble models from the previous year (or several years in the case of the iPhone SE). iPhone 7 innovation has been defined more by what isn’t included (the earphone socket) while other features feel like "me too” iterations of what is already available with Android. In short, innovation might vital if Apple is to regain its position at the head of the pack, but there is scant sign of it. These trends signal a worrying trend for the health of the global smartphone market.  Other mobile operating systems crafted by BlackBerry, Microsoft and Samsung only make up a microscopic 0.3% of the market. Many of these niche operating systems look set to vanish. This is a real shame as diversity is vital for any functioning and healthy ecosystem to thrive. It promotes innovation and innovation is king. So what has driven the relentless rise of Android? Android’s growth has happened thanks to a flood of low-cost Chinese devices offering solid quality and high-end specifications. This is compared to non-Chinese brands at a significantly lower price point. That said, the little green droid may look unbeatable now, but storm clouds are gathering. The Android market is a crowded place. There’s limited scope for differentiation and unique designs. This means that many Android manufacturers are struggling.  Google's Pixel also sees Google going head to head against the very vendors that built Android up in the first place. As tough as the smartphone market is, there’s still opportunities for quick-witted smartphone vendors. A growing gap in the world smartphone market has developed thanks to Samsung’s recall of the Note 7. That, and a growing number of iOS faithful who are holding off on the iPhone 7 upgrade, given its lack of compelling features compared to the iPhone 6. This hasn’t escaped Huawei, who launched the Mate 9 and Mate 9 Pro. This is co-designed by Porsche and uses Leica-certified optics. If Huawei can get its logistics and marketing right, its could find itself well-positioned to exploit this vacuum. That said, the news isn’t dire for Apple. iOS adoption could pick up – The iPhone 7 has only been on the market since September. Apple’s next iOS device, the iPhone 8, will most likely come under intense scrutiny. Apple will need to offer something compelling and revolutionary if it's to regain lost ground.  Are you keen to hear from an expert in this field? email facebook twitter google+ linkedin Related Why learning is the work of the future 17 different types: Is this Apple's dongle bongle? What the U.S election means for the tech sector Careers with Code launched in New Zealand There's great news for Android, but not so good for Apple Hands-on review: Philips Sonicare DiamondClean electric toothbrush Follow Us Stay up-to-date! Get our top stories in your inbox by joining our email newsletter community. email Newsletters Get our top stories in your inbox by joining our email newsletter community. bizEDGE NZ Educators NZ NetGuide NZ Sponsored > AOC introduces the AG271QG - the newest weapon in the AGON arsenal Gaming, Reviews, AOC, Monitor > Hands-on review: APC M5 Mobile Power Pack - keep gadgets chugging APC, Schneider Electric, Reviews, APC by Schneider Electric > Epson launches new and unrivalled innovation to the NZ market Printers, EcoTank, Epson Featured NZ earthquake: Kiwi telcos join forces for Kaikoura recovery Huawei has now shipped nine million P9 smartphones. What else could be next? New Zealand earthquake: Images and video take over social media Footer OUR ASIAN NETWORK SecurityBrief Asia DataCenterNews Asia EnterpriseChannel Asia OUR AUSTRALIAN NETWORK IT Brief Australia SecurityBrief Australia ChannelLife Australia OUR NEW ZEALAND NETWORK Techday NetGuide NZ Educators NZ bizEDGE NZ IT Brief NZ ChannelLife NZ SecurityBrief NZ ABOUT TECHDAY About Us Meet the Team FAQ Advertise Terms of Use Contact Us SOCIAL Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Techday The latest consumer tech and gadget news for Kiwis Singapore +65 3 159 0565 Australia +61 1300 092 195 New Zealand +64 9 376 8121 Copyright © 2016 Techday Ltd, All rights reserved. Dedicated Servers powered by HD Scroll down to read:
null
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Apple may not refresh iPhone SE in March 2017, says analyst International Business Times 06/11/2016 Sarmistha Acharya © Reuters/Stephen Lam Apple unlikely to refresh iPhone SE Apple is unlikely to release an upgrade to the iPhone SE in March 2017, suggests a new report. The 4in iPhone was launched in March this year targeting the consumers who wanted to have a compact handset to comfortably fit in their hands. In his latest release note to the investor, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said Apple will not refresh the Special Edition iPhone model and will extend its lifecycle beyond the usual one year period for an iPhone. The Company's latest move is to boost the sales its premium devices like the iPhone 7. The company's latest move is to boost sales of its premium devices, such as the new iPhone 7. Kuo noted a next-gen iPhone SE model is unlikely to see a launch in the second fiscal quarter of 2017, ending in March. This means a new model might come later next year. A copy of the release note was obtained by Apple Insider, which states Apple's decision not to refresh the iPhone SE is to increase the gross margin guidance for the current fiscal quarter of 2017. During its last quarter earning call the company said it expects the gross margin between 38% and 38.5% for the three months period ending in December. According to data shared by technology analytics company Kantar iPhone SE was the UK's most popular smartphone in the second quarter of 2016, outselling iPhone 6S and Galaxy S7. Along with delaying the launch of iPhone SE, Apple is taking other steps to improve its revenue growth. The company has been putting pressure on manufacturers to reduce prices, in an effort to reduce supply chain costs. Apple's major supplier such as Samsung and TSMC are unlikely to get affected with this, whereas smaller manufacturers might see price cuts in November and December. Samsung might raise prices for 3GB DRAM and 3D NAND flash, basically due to its short supply. Kuo further predicts Apple could ship between 40 million and 50 million iPhone units in the current quarter, marking a year-over-year drop from 51.2 million units. He expects iPhone shipment could reach 35 million to 40 million units in the second quarter of 2017, down from 40.4 million units around the same period last year. Go to MSN Home More in News Briton will be extradited to US over hacking charges Sky News Farage: Marine Le Pen has done a good job Huffington Post UK Trial hears Jo Cox was murdered 'by gunman repeating "Britain First"' The Guardian Mosul: Snipers, car bombs and trapped families Sky News Nazi memorabilia on offer at school car boot sale The Guardian Hero dog saves boy stuck in tumbler Press Association Up Next MiG-29 fighter jet crashes into sea Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More From International Business Times iPhone SE review: Pint-size perfection or short of the mark? International Business Times iPhone SE users report Bluetooth audio issue - but Apple has a fix International Business Times iPhone SE: Teardown shows new model packs identical display, Touch ID and design like iPhone 5s International Business Times International Business Times Visit International Business Times Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Over 2,000 march in Athenry in support of Apple data centre Losing €850m project would make Ireland ‘a laughing stock’, says Minister Sean Kyne Sun, Nov 6, 2016, 18:31 Updated: Sun, Nov 6, 2016, 18:38 Video Images Local residents march through Athenry's town centre on Sunday, November 6 in support of Apple's proposed €850m data centre, which has been delayed by objectors trying to block planning permission on environmental grounds. Video: Joe O'Shaughnessy Some of the 2,000 people who marched in Athenry on Sunday in support of Apple’s data centre project. Photograph: Joe O’Shaughnessy Some of the 2,000 people who marched in Athenry on Sunday in support of Apple’s data centre project. Photograph: Joe O’Shaughnessy Some of the 2,000 people who marched in Athenry on Sunday in support of Apple’s data centre project. Photograph: Joe O’Shaughnessy Previous Image Next Image         More than 2,000 people staged a march through Athenry on Sunday to show their support for the development of an €850 million data centre on the outskirts of the Co Galway town. Local residents were joined by people from Galway city and surrounding towns and villages in a show of support for the development of the facility on lands owned by Coillte at Derrydonnell. The event took place a day before Apple seeks High Court approval to fast-track a judicial review over planning approval for the data centre. An Bord Pleanála turned down an appeal to the plan to build eight data halls on the 500-acre site, giving the green light to the scheme in August. However, two local residents, Sinéad Fitzpatrick and Allan Daly, along with Wicklow landowner Brian McDonagh, have since applied to the High Court for a judicial review on environmental grounds. Local Fine Gael councillor Peter Feeney said there was a danger that the impression could be given that there was widespread objection to the building of the facility. “That is not the case and the vast majority of people in the area are whole-heartedly behind this. When Apple announced its plans in February 2015, everyone felt, this is brilliant, this is exactly what Athenry needed, a shot in the arm to give it a lift – the biggest company in the world coming to a small town. “That’s a long time ago now and we have gone through a torturous process of planning. “Hope has been in poor supply in this country and this gave us hope. We want the hope that we can have our children around us, as many as we can. This isn’t going to be the cure-all but we have a great local industry in Athenry and across east Galway,” he said. ADVERTISEMENT Businessman Pat Joyce said the project would be a huge boost for the region. “There is great support for it. It’s very important for Athenry and the greater community that Apple get the go-ahead.” Minister of State at the OPW, Sean Canney, said that the Apple project was “one beacon of light for rural Ireland”. Sean Kyne, Minister of State for Gaeltacht Affairs, said there was cross-party support for the project and that the vast majority of local people were also behind it. “We would be a laughing stock if this was lost at this stage – Galway would be and Ireland would be, nationally and internationally,” he said. A motion to have a legal challenge by the three objectors to the plan entered on to the commercial list will be heard by the High Court on Monday, the day before a listed hearing on the judicial review application. Apple first announced its intention to invest in the Athenry data centre in February 2015, the same day as it announced a similar €850 million investment in Denmark. Construction on the Danish centre is already well advanced, while the Irish proposal remains stalled. The centre is due to be built on Coillte-owned lands in the Derrydonnell area, some three miles outside the town. Neither Coillte nor the IDA would divulge details of the land transfer to Apple. A review could delay a final decision by at least a year and possibly up to 18 months. This has prompted Apple to express alarm to senior State officials and local supporters, who fear the investment could be lost. The court has not yet formally granted a full judicial review of the proposed development, although it has granted the objectors leave to seek one. An Bord Pleanála could yet oppose the application for a review, although this would be considered unlikely and a full review looks set to be ordered on Tuesday. Apple’s move in recent days to ask the Commercial Court to step in will, however, change that timeframe. If the matter is accepted on to the commercial list, a decision would be expected next spring.       Topics: Allan Daly Brian Mcdonagh Peter Feeney Sinead Fitzpatrick An Bord Pleanála Coillte Fine Gael High Court IDA Ireland Apple Athenry Denmark Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Agribusiness & Food Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US Work Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain English Soccer Bastian Schweinsteiger begins talks over move to Chicago Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Irish firms more worried about Brexit than British counterparts 00:01 Investors focus on Trump’s infrastructure spending plans 23:07 Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways 19:49 Court to fast-track legal challenge to Apple data centre in Athenry 19:25 Cantillon: Irish pension savers cautiously watch bond markets 19:18 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of 2 Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain 3 Irish long-term interest rates surge above 1 per cent 4 Farewell Mary Mulvihill, great champion of Irish science 5 Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways 6 US tax cut targeting Irish-based firms could emerge in first 100 days 7 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 8 Ireland makes flurry of deals with Vietnam 9 Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US 10 Irish firms more worried about Brexit than British counterparts Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 15/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
 Search  Subscribe menu Home NEWS Close National features Africa World Eish! Multimedia Close Business Close Business News Personal Finance My Small Business Analysis & Profiles Glacier by Sanlam promo Close SPORT Close Soccer Cricket Rugby Golf Other Columns Close PHAKAAATHI Close LOCAL NEWS international news EDITOR’S BLOG FAN ZONE PSL Mgosi African News Close YOUR LIFE Close Celebrities Fitness and Health – The Citizen shares health and fitness tips and news Food Entertainment Soapies Friday feeling Close MOTORING Close News Motor Sport NEW CAR PRICE GUIDE Close HORSES Close news Columns Close OPINION Close Columns Editorials Today’s cartoon Cartoons Talking Point – The Citizen’s readers weigh in on issues affecting us all Ghost Cartoonist Close Buy Close auctions classifieds buy in bulk Close Rewards Close Subscribers Competitions Close Business News 6.11.2016 08:39 pm Smartwatch sales tumble, dragged down by Apple AFP Stock image: AFP / Sam Yeh Although Apple has not disclosed sales of the smartwatch which went on sale earlier this year, IDC estimated the tech giant sold 3.9 million units for a market share of 18.6 percent Apple, the largest smartwatch vendor, saw its sales down 71.6 percent. Global smartwatch sales slid 51.6 percent in the third quarter, amid a steep decline for the Apple Watch ahead of its updated device, a market tracker said Monday. The IDC survey said total smartwatch volumes were 2.7 million units, less than half the level of a year earlier. Apple, the largest smartwatch vendor, saw its sales down 71.6 percent. But IDC analyst Ramon Llamas said the decline is not as ominous as it appears – because many consumers were waiting for the new version of the Apple Watch and upcoming Android devices. “The sharp decline in smartwatch shipment volumes reflects the way platforms and vendors are realigning,” Llamas said. “Apple revealed a new look and feel to watchOS that did not arrive until the launch of the second generation watch at the end of September.” Llamas added that Google’s decision to hold back the Android Wear 2.0 operating system has also limited sales. “Samsung’s Gear S3, announced at (the trade show) IFA in September, has yet to be released. Collectively, this left vendors relying on older, aging devices to satisfy customers.” Nonetheless, the market is showing limited growth, according to IDC. “It has also become evident that at present smartwatches are not for everyone,” said IDC analyst Jitesh Ubrani. “Having a clear purpose and use case is paramount, hence many vendors are focusing on fitness due to its simplicity.” Despite its sharp sales drop, Apple maintained the top position with an estimated 1.1 million units sold and a 41 percent market share, according to IDC. Apple does not release sales figures for its smartwatch. Garmin was the number two brand with sales of 600,000 and a 20.5 percent market share, followed by Samsung with 400,000 and a 14.4 percent share, according to IDC. rl/jm © 1994-2016 Agence France-Presse Related Stories Huawei steps into Samsung gap 10.11.2016 When a machine can be anything you want 27.10.2016 Recipe: Celery, apple, spinach, lime and ginger juice 12.7.2016 JSE Currencies Commodities what's hot Phakaaathi What’s in Mgosi this week? National Malema: I want ‘murderer’ De Klerk to suffer National Premier Mabuza travelled with the Guptas in their private jet National Phosa and I went to the same massage parlour as Mahlobo – Kenny Kunene Columns 7 rules of casual sex readers' choice National David Mahlobo ‘implicated’ in rhino poaching documentary? Celebrities Malema’s sexy picture of his ‘babe girl’ raises eyebrows National Afrikaner boys, die poppe sal dans! – Malema National She was just a one-night stand, says Mbalula Phakaaathi Chiefs boss Motaung ‘forced to sell shopping complex’ – report today in print menu Contact us About us Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Advertising Rate Card News menu National Africa World Load Shedding Eish! Opinion menu Columns Editorials Cartoons Talking Point Sport menu Columns Cricket Other Rugby Soccer Golf Horses menu Columnists Racing News Your life menu Celebrities Food style Entertainment Soapies Motoring menu Motoring News features Motorsport new price guide top tips Other menu Auctions buy in bulk Classifieds Competitions Connect About us Code of Conduct Contact us Privacy Policy Jobs at The Citizen Advertising Rate Card News Business Sport Phakaaathi Opinion Motoring Your life Horses Multimedia   The Citizen. All rights reserved.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Tree service faces $141K fine in worker's wood chipper death Albany man arraigned in Crossgates shooting incident Flooding closes Schenectady's City Hall Georgia man guilty in death of toddler son left in hot SUV News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Needful Newburgh latest to deal with PFOS worry Insider next chief of staff 7.8 earthquake strikes New Zealand Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Patriots' last gasp futile vs. Seattle Magic's Ibaka foils his former team Champions drink it all in Noteworthy Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories India currency reset leads to chaos Disney forges ahead with streaming as ratings sag After the election, 'it's retail therapy either way' On The Move Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories 10 essential holiday events in the Capital Region Newspaper ads from the past two centuries 'Mars' on National Geographic falls flat Rocker Leon Russell dies at 74 Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays Naughty or Nice Cookie Challenge: It's time to vote Regional dishes of the United States Season of creativity Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives UPDATED: No bail for teen accused of starting arson fire at ND_BG After flooding, Sch’dy City Hall to remain closed Tuesday Why we mourn NYPIRG charts NY’s declining presidential turnout TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ UAlbany running back gets league, national recognition Editorial: Albany anti-truancy effort needs reviving Review: Strings delicate, dazzling at Cecilia appearance Letter: Clinton responsible for her own defeat Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Update on local residential building projects House of the Week: Custom Cape in Greenfield Dancer Mark Ballas adds a flip to his routine High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Today’s 50% off Target Cartwheel toy deal: Qixels Black Friday predictions plus 10 ways to save Amazon: Get $5 for downloading the Amazon App Amazon: Up to 50% off Kidcraft toys and furniture MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/local/article/Jail-sergeant-12-others-arrested-in-Albany-jail-10596819.php Sheriff looks for more searches after contraband scheme at Albany jail Albany sheriff calls for more searches after jail sergeant, 12 others charged in smuggling ring By Lauren Stanforth Updated 10:33 pm, Sunday, November 6, 2016 Image 1of/17 Caption Close Image 1 of 17 Items the Albany County Sheriff's Office said it found as part of a case against an Albany County Jail sergeant and 12 co-conspirators who were allegedly sneaking contraband into the jail. The suspects, all save for one still at large, were charged Saturday, Nov. 5, 2016. (By Lauren Stanforth/ Times Union) less Items the Albany County Sheriff's Office said it found as part of a case against an Albany County Jail sergeant and 12 co-conspirators who were allegedly sneaking contraband into the jail. The suspects, all ... more Image 2 of 17 A homemade knife is displayed as part of alleged contraband that an Albany County Jail sergeant helped others sneak in. The sergeant and 12 others were charged with conspiracy and other crimes Saturday, Nov. 5, 2016. (By Lauren Stanforth/ Times Union) less A homemade knife is displayed as part of alleged contraband that an Albany County Jail sergeant helped others sneak in. The sergeant and 12 others were charged with conspiracy and other crimes Saturday, Nov. 5, ... more Image 3 of 17 On Sunday, Nov. 6, 2016 Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple discusses details of a case involving an Albany County Jail sergeant who is accused of helping 12 others sneak tobacco, cell phones and homemade knives into the jail. (By Lauren Stanforth/ Times Union) less On Sunday, Nov. 6, 2016 Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple discusses details of a case involving an Albany County Jail sergeant who is accused of helping 12 others sneak tobacco, cell phones and homemade knives ... more Image 4 of 17 Albany County Jail sergeant Merlin Thomas Jr., who is accused of helping 12 others sneak contraband into the jail in the fall of 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Albany County Jail sergeant Merlin Thomas Jr., who is accused of helping 12 others sneak contraband into the jail in the fall of 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 5 of 17 Walter Rivers, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Walter Rivers, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 6 of 17 Johnail Ambrose, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Johnail Ambrose, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 7 of 17 Marquis Harvey, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Marquis Harvey, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 8 of 17 Terrance Anthony, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Terrance Anthony, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 9 of 17 Michael Oglesby, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Michael Oglesby, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 10 of 17 Oshapha Murray, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Oshapha Murray, an Albany County Jail inmate, is accused along with 12 others of illegally smuggling contraband into the jail during fall 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 11 of 17 Raheem Hines is accused of helping sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail on behalf of inmate Walter Rivers, according to charges filed Nov. 5, 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Raheem Hines is accused of helping sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail on behalf of inmate Walter Rivers, according to charges filed Nov. 5, 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 12 of 17 Lecia Edghill is accused of helping sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail on behalf of inmate Walter Rivers, according to charges filed Nov. 5, 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Lecia Edghill is accused of helping sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail on behalf of inmate Walter Rivers, according to charges filed Nov. 5, 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 13 of 17 Kahadejah Johnson is accused of helping sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail on behalf of inmate Oshapha Murray, according to charges filed Nov. 5, 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Kahadejah Johnson is accused of helping sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail on behalf of inmate Oshapha Murray, according to charges filed Nov. 5, 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 14 of 17 Christina Coppola is accused of helping sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail on behalf of inmate Terrance Anthony, according to charges filed Nov. 5, 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Christina Coppola is accused of helping sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail on behalf of inmate Terrance Anthony, according to charges filed Nov. 5, 2016. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 15 of 17 Marshall Ayers, charged Nov. 5, 2016 in connection with allegedly bribing a jail officer to sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Marshall Ayers, charged Nov. 5, 2016 in connection with allegedly bribing a jail officer to sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 16 of 17 Kisha Flowers-Cooper was charged Nov. 5, 2016 in connection with allegedly bribing a jail officer to sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Kisha Flowers-Cooper was charged Nov. 5, 2016 in connection with allegedly bribing a jail officer to sneak contraband into the Albany County Jail. (Albany County Sheriff's Office) Image 17 of 17 Sheriff looks for more searches after contraband scheme at Albany jail 1 / 17 Back to Gallery Colonie Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple Sr. said he is looking to increase searches of employees and visitors to the Albany County jail after a longtime jail sergeant was charged Sunday with smuggling contraband into the facility in exchange for cash. The sheriff's office said jail employee Merlin Thomas Jr., 48, of Albany was meeting friends and relatives of inmates in the jail parking lot, taking payments and then bringing packages back inside the jail so items could be distributed among the population. Thomas would allegedly take a payment of $200 so he could make a delivery of tobacco, cellphones, marijuana, controlled substances or homemade knives to inmates. Thomas would often bring the contraband into the jail on weekends when there are no visitors and little activity going on around the facility. Apple said it was an organized system where the inmates would use the cellphones to essentially "order" what they wanted on the outside from their loved ones. The sheriff's office learned of the alleged scheme from another inmate, and then surveillance photos in the jail parking lot, as well as recorded phone calls from inside the jail, were used to build the case, Apple said. Thomas allegedly told investigators that he needed the money. The scheme appeared to be going on over the last three months. Apple said it's unknown how much money Thomas allegedly earned in the scheme. Six Albany County jail inmates, as well as six of the inmates' friends and relatives, face the same 10 charges as Thomas, which include felony introducing dangerous contraband into prison and bribery. The Albany County Sheriff's Professional Standards unit and the Albany County District Attorney's office handled the investigation. Thomas, who had worked in the jail for 18 years, was arrested as he was arriving for his shift about 6:53 a.m. Saturday morning. Apple said Thomas had packages of tobacco in the cargo pockets of his pants when he arrived for work. Investigators said they searched Thomas' car, and found more tobacco, marijuana and rolling papers. The jail was put on lockdown Saturday, and a cellphone, marijuana and four homemade knives were also found. Apple said tobacco is one of the most valuable commodities in jail, and can be used to trade for dangerous items. Cellphones can also be used to give orders for others to commit violence outside the jail walls, the sheriff said. "Everything that gets smuggled in is dangerous," Apple said at a Sunday press conference to announce the arrests. "And for this guy to be doing this is a slap right in our face. He jeopardized the life of every single employee in that facility." Apple said any employee now caught with a cellphone will face immediate termination. The sheriff said jail employees' and visitors' bags are currently searched upon entry. But he thinks a more involved search of individuals should be done. However, he said he has to consult with the jail officers union in regards to any changes he wants implemented. Thomas was arraigned Sunday and released on $50,000 bail, Apple said. Five of the civilians were arraigned; two were held because of prior felony convictions. Civilian suspect Raheem Hines was still at large Sunday. Hines, who was acquitted of robbing an Albany woman at knifepoint in 2013, has two prior felony convictions. The following civilians who allegedly assisted the inmates and face 10 separate charges are: Lecia I. Edghill, 36, of Hoosick Falls. Kisha L. Flowers-Cooper, 40, of Albany, who lists employment at Riverside Nursing Home in Castleton-on-Hudson. Marshall Ayers, 60, of Knox, who lists being employed in construction. Christina C. Coppola, 37, of Albany, who says she works in clerical for the state Assembly. Kahadejah A. Johnson, 26, of Albany, who lists clerical employment at American Airlines. The inmates who face the same charges are: Walter Rivers, Johnal Ambrose, Marquis Harvey, Terrance Anthony, Michael Oglesby and Oshapha Murray. They will be arraigned Monday in Colonie Town Court. lstanforth@timesunion.com • 518-454-5697 Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Refurb Vizio 48" 1080p LED LCD Smart TV for $250 + free shipping WalmartPosted 9 hr 6 min ago SHOP NOW Refurb Vizio 55" 120Hz 1080p LED LCD Smart TV for $390 + free... WalmartPosted 1 hr 15 min ago SHOP NOW Big Red 10-Piece Combo Garage Kit for $51 + free shipping eBayPosted 9 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW The North Face Women's Pullover, $10 RMT GC for $79 + free... Rocky Mountain TrailPosted 6 hr 48 min ago News Videos Most Popular 1 Puppy thrown from car finds home with Albany police officer 2 Shen superintendent says racism, bigotry on rise in district 3 Albany man arraigned in Crossgates shooting incident 4 Few details on shooting, but Crossgates welcomes patrons back 5 Police follow leads in Crossgates shooting incident 6 Woman dies of injuries from South Mall Towers attack 7 Man falls to his death at Kaaterskill Falls View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Stock Is Starting to Look Very Cheap Again Apple's near-term growth prospects look very good, yet Apple stock has sagged since the company's Q3 earnings report. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Nov 6, 2016 at 12:05PM During September and early October, shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) rallied from around $105 to nearly $120, helped along by every new story detailing Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy Note 7 disaster. Apple then reported solid earnings for its fourth fiscal quarter and forecast that revenue would start growing again in Q1. Yet since the earnings report, Apple stock has fallen into a steep dive. On Thursday, it tumbled below $110 for the first time since reports of battery problems with the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 began to circulate in early September. Apple Stock Performance, data by YCharts. With Apple now firmly on track to return to revenue and earnings growth this year, the recent plunge in its stock price is somewhat baffling. Indeed, Apple stock once again looks very cheap. Apple's growth is resuming For the current quarter, Apple expects revenue to reach $76 billion to $78 billion, up from $75.9 billion a year earlier. Revenue growth should accelerate after Q1, as year-over-year comparisons will become much easier. Moreover, Apple's Q1 guidance could prove to be conservative. So far, demand for the iPhone 7 Plus is vastly exceeding supply. Part of that probably reflects people deciding to buy Apple's "phablet" offering after Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 flamed out (literally!). Yet Apple has a long track record of boosting supply to meet strong demand during the holiday season. It's still relatively early in the quarter, but iPhone 7 Plus supply seems to be improving gradually. More Apple Stores have at least some iPhone 7 Plus models in stock, iPhone 7 Plus usage is rising at a steady clip, and the lead time for the popular jet-black version of the iPhone 7 Plus has declined significantly. That bodes well for Apple's revenue and earnings in Q1. More opportunities ahead The stellar demand for the iPhone 7 Plus is a pleasant surprise, given that it has a similar design to the iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6s Plus. Not too long ago, some pundits thought iPhone sales would decline again in fiscal 2017. (The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 was initially expected to be a tough iPhone 7 Plus competitor.) Apple is seeing very strong demand for the new iPhone 7 Plus. Image source: Apple. Next year, Apple is expected to unveil a radical redesign of the iPhone in honor of the iPhone's 10th anniversary. That could drive a big upgrade cycle, while bringing in lots of new users, as was the case when the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launched two years ago. In that fiscal year, iPhone unit sales jumped 37% year over year, causing Apple stock to surge higher. Apple's recent Mac lineup refresh could also contribute to revenue growth, especially since Apple dramatically raised the prices of several models. Meanwhile, Apple's services business continues to deliver steady growth, primarily driven by rising App Store sales, as well as growth in AppleCare subscriptions, possibly linked to Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. Is Apple stock a bargain again? After falling below $110 on Thursday, Apple shares trade for about 12 times the company's projected fiscal 2017 earnings. That's a significant discount to the S&P 500 in and of itself. However, Apple also continues to have a huge amount of excess cash. Apple's $150 billion net cash position accounts for a quarter of its market cap. If the U.S. government ever manages to reform corporate taxes, Apple may have an opportunity to repatriate hundreds of billions of dollars of overseas cash at a relatively low tax rate. It could then use this cash for share repurchases or a big special dividend. After adjusting for the value of this excess cash, Apple stock's current valuation is closer to 10 times forward earnings. Furthermore, analysts may be underestimating Apple's earnings power this year. If Apple can steal a meaningful number of customers who would have purchased Samsung's Galaxy Note 7, it could blow past analysts' earnings estimates, because the iPhone 7 Plus is such a profitable product. It pays to buy the dips Apple stock has hit plenty of ruts in the past five years. But each time the stock has sold off, it has bounced back in short order, rewarding investors who went against the herd and bought shares of Apple when the stock was struggling. Apple is poised to return to solid revenue and earnings growth this year, largely thanks to better-than-expected demand for the iPhone 7 Plus. Next year's iPhone 8 product cycle will probably drive even faster growth. With these (and other) opportunities ahead, Apple stock shouldn't be trading at its current rock-bottom valuation. It probably won't stay down for long. Adam Levine-Weinberg is long January 2017 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2017 $110 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Nov 6, 2016 at 12:05PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 15 °C Tuesday 15 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags An Bord Pleanála Athenry Court Data centre feels of athenry See other tags Tags Sunday 6 Nov, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/3066598 "Apple in or lights out": Hundreds turn out for pro-Apple rally in Galway An €850 million data centre is planned for Athenry. Nov 6th 2016, 4:10 PM 28,692 Views 89 Comments Share299 Tweet Email A RALLY IN support of a planned €850 million Apple data centre has been held in Athenry, Co Galway. An Bord Pleanála granted permission for the 24,500 square metre installation in August but objections by three individuals have brought the issue to the High Court. Apple will tomorrow ask the High Court to fast-track a judicial review of the planning decision. Signs for today's event. Source: Facebook Today’s rally was held in support of Apple’s plans with the locals present arguing that the single-storey data centre will bring investment to the area. “We want to show Apple, and the whole world, that the vast majority of Athenry people support wholeheartedly Apple’s desire to open a data centre near our town,” a Facebook group for the event said ahead of today’s rally. The event was organised by the newly formed ‘Athenry for Apple’ group. Minister of State for Gaeltacht Affairs and Natural Resources Seán Kyne was among those to speak at today’s event. A smaller group of protesters who are against the plans were also present at the rally. Great turnout in support of the Apple Athenry project this morning, vital for the town and County Galway #Athenryforapple pic.twitter.com/dXdd2pcPVF— Seán Kyne TD (@SeanKyneTD) November 6, 2016 Source: Seán Kyne TD/Twitter The data centre is to be built on a Coillte-owned greenfield site at Derrydonnell. The site is alongside the local Athenry Golf Club and the grounds of Lisheenkyle National School. As well as the construction of the facility, a car park for 207 vehicles and an access road is also planned. An electricity substation will also to be built to accommodate 18 standby diesel generators. Objections to the planned data centre argue that the facility could cause pollution and that inadequate consideration has been given to the ecology of the area. Read: An Bord Pleanála approves Apple’s €850 million Galway data centre > Read: What would you use the pedestrianised College Green plaza for? > Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Rónán Duffy @ronanduffy_ ronan@thejournal.ie See more articles by Rónán Duffy Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/apple-athenry-rally-3066598-Nov2016/?embedpost=3066598&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/apple-athenry-rally-3066598-Nov2016/?embedpost=3066598&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/apple-athenry-rally-3066598-Nov2016/?embedpost=3066598&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “"Apple in or lights out": Hundreds turn out for pro-Apple rally in Galway”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “"Apple in or lights out": Hundreds turn out for pro-Apple rally in Galway”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (89 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions An American in Ireland: 'In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart' Sue Norton People might be feeling outrage and sadness but we need to be optimistic too, writes Sue Norton. What is the theory of relativity all about? Dr Cormac O’Raifeartaigh This is the century-old theory that has given us concepts like black holes and the big bang, writes Dr Cormac O’Raifeartaigh. Postnatal depression: The last taboo? Lindsay Robinson It is assumed that having a baby is a time of great joy, love and excitement. Yet I felt unable to cope after the birth, writes Lindsay Robinson. Most Popular Today 1 These three cows have been left stranded after New Zealand's powerful quake 40,757  42 2 The Phoenix Park rail tunnel will open for passengers from next week 39,111  28 3 Trains running again on Maynooth line after man struck and killed 38,344  32 1 Poll: Do you think Ireland should cultivate its own cannabis industry? 906  0 2 Fibre has turned Cork and Mayo into two of the best spots in Ireland for data centres 412  0 3 CityJet pilots vote for strike and warn they will ground airline before Christmas 283  0 1 This sensational Irish team try has just won World Try of the Year 55,748  32 2 'Conor is special... I've never dealt with anybody like this kid' 46,916  36 3 How many more points do Ireland need to secure World Cup qualification? 38,888  18 1 These two Irish guys blagged their way into the McGregor fight in New York for free 9,793  1 2 Which Fictional President Does The World Need Right Now? 7,154  13 3 For everyone who has a crippling addiction to deliciously cheap Lidl chocolate 5,469  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing CRASH Gardaí issue fresh appeal for witnesses to fatal Dublin crash Gardaí appeal for witnesses after man killed in Limerick crash Man dies in two-vehicle crash in Limerick COURTS Murder accused shouted 'Britain first' as he shot and stabbed Jo Cox MP, court hears "We will never forgive him" - Family of woman killed in psychiatric hospital by another patient Man who stabbed housemate to death jailed for five years GARDAí Gardaí 'very concerned' for the welfare of two men missing this evening Garda reserve membership has fallen 13% in four months Gardaí seize €300,000 worth of cannabis in organised crime crackdown DUBLIN It's through: Dublin City Council budget passes after filling €15 million shortfall 'Effortless style and unparalleled service': Ireland's best hotels have been revealed An entire house party in Dublin pulled off a mammoth Mannequin Challenge ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed "Apple in or lights out": Hundreds turn out for pro-Apple rally in Galway Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Sign Up For Our Newsletter Sign Up Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Gotta Drive 'em All The 100 Hottest Cars of All Time Tonight's Supermoon Will Be the Largest Since 1948 Russia's Smokey Carrier Loses Fighter Jet How Mind-Bendingly Deep the Ocean Is 10 Bad Habits That Damage Your Car 6 Great National Parks for Fall Hiking Apple's New MacBook Touch Bar Could Hurt Visually Impaired Users The new MacBook steps backwards when it comes to accessibility. Most Popular Apple Author Copy Created with Sketch. By Sophie Weiner Nov 6, 2016 In the roiling debate over the new MacBook Pro and its many deficiencies in the minds of Apple fans, one subject has barely been broached: accessibility. Macs built-in screenreader VoiceOver, which allows visually impaired people to use the computers, is generally seen favorably by those in the visually impaired community. But part of the design of Apple's new laptop could cause visually impaired users some real difficulty. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below That would be the new OLED Touch Bar that will sit at the top of the MacBook's keyboard, where the function buttons used to be. The Touch Bar was already raising concerns for users who worried what would happen if the Escape key was not always accessible, but for visually impaired users it presents other problems. To toggle the VoiceOver software users must press the Command and F5 keys. With the addition of the Touch Bar, that F5 key will be integrated into one smooth long bar, without an easy way for visually impaired users to find it. Most Popular Over time, visually impaired users may learn the position of the correct Touch Bar key by memory, even if they can't feel it. But Noel Runyan, an access technology engineer who is visually impaired, still thinks the new MacBooks may present problems for users with disabilities. "As with iPhones, tactile feedback in the form of vibration of the Touch Bar panel or of the whole keyboard case might be helpful for some users who are deaf-blind," Runyan told Motherboard. So using haptic feedback could potentially help visually impaired users know when they've hit the right key. Runyan also suggested putting a physical rubber dot on the key in question to make it tactile. But one of the main draws of the Touch Bar is that the keys can change depending on the app being used. When that happens, blind users will need to learn the new keys from scratch. "For some users who are blind," Runyan said, "the functions of the Mac Touch Bar might have to be accomplished through special handling by their screen review software and external refreshable braille display." Braille displays are expensive, ranging in price from $1,200 to more than $8,000, so this is not an option that's easily available to all users. With these limitations built in, it seems that the new MacBook is as disappointing for the visually impaired community as it is for everyone else. Source: Motherboard Read Next: More From Design Design Share These Synthetic Fingerprint Gloves Can Unlock Your Phone Design Share Why Buy a Pinball Machine When You Can 3D Print One? Design Share How Simulated Race Cars Got So Good Design Share Watch the Ancient Technique That Produces Incredibly Intricate Geometrical Designs Design Share This World Map Is So Accurate It Folds Into a Globe Design Share These Shape-Shifting Seats Are Seriously Magical Design Share Build Yourself a Gorgeous New Rotary Cell Phone Design Share Shape-Shifting Table Moves So Elegantly Design Share 13 High-Tech DIY Halloween Costumes Design Share You Could Make Wooden Ball Bearings This Weekend New Technology Design accessibility blindness design macbook apple MacBook Touch Mockup: Is This Apple's Top-Secret Laptop? Apple's Making a Veritable Army of Force Touch iPhones Apple's Touch Bar Looks Clever—And Awkward To Use Why Apple's New MacBook Pros Represent the Future of Mobile Computing Apple's New iPad, Macbook Pros, OS X Mavericks, and More Apple's 3D Touch Will Change the Way You Interact With Your iPhone More From Design PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Wallpapers of the week: yellow, red, and blue droplets By Jim Gresham, Nov 6, 2016 Tweet 16 Comments Any time Apple uses specific images to highlight their new products, we scramble to find copies. For example, go ahead and grab our iPhone 7 marketing wallpapers, from the Apple website. In addition, Apple used what appears to be amorphous droplets in a variety of colors to highlight the iPhone 7, but neglected to put them in the iOS 10 GM. Thankfully, with the release of iOS 10.2 beta 1, the wallpapers are now included. If you do not have a dev account and the latest beta, you will be waiting for the images. Additionally, these wallpapers appear to be available only for iPhone 7, so this might be your only chance to get your hands on them if you don’t have the latest device. iOS 10.2 beta 1 droplets wallpapers You can download variations of this wallpapers in yellow, red, and blue. According to 9to5Mac, the wallpapers were extracted directly from the beta. The large, square files should make for great wallpapers on iPhone or iPad. If you ever have a great set of images, wallpaper tips/tricks, or want to stay in touch, find me on Twitter @jim_gresham. Follow along for fresh finds. Often my conversations with iDB readers, lead to great Wallpapers of the Week posts. Live droplet wallpapers Thanks to a tip from Twitter, @jazielbaca, you can also have these wallpapers set as Live wallpapers on devices with 3D Touch. Using the app Black Lite – Live Wallpapers, you can download live versions of these wallpapers in yellow, red, blue, and green.  The app prompts users to download the Live wallpaper to Camera Roll. Then, from the Photos or Settings app, set the image as a Live wallpaper. Like the stock Live wallpapers, simply 3D Touch the image to animate! The images are not quite photo quality, but we have been frequently asked how to make these animate on iOS devices. Thanks for the tip! Top image via placeit.net Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Video hands-on: 10+ new features in iOS 10.2 beta 1 Wallpapers of the week: The Walking Dead MacBook Pro with Touch Bar event wallpapers Related Topics iOS 10.2 beta 1, Wallpaper, Wallpapers of the Week Agneev Mukherjee I’m shocked. Y’all folks have ruined this week’s Wallpapers… Stuart Lombard Thanks for these! Y2J: Keeper of the List Am I only one that doesn’t like wallpapers like this that are just solid black with something in the middle? I think this would be cool if it was dynamic. Diego Milano You’re not alone. I never liked these at all, but I will say I did enjoyed the white versions of similar wallpapers, yet eventually I stopped using those as well. Also, am I the only one who doesn’t care about having a Live photo as a wallpaper? Y2J: Keeper of the List I don’t care about Live Photos either, especially since they don’t do anything on the home screen. I really wish they add more dynamic ones or at least let devs make some or something. Diego Milano That is actually a GREAT idea! Just like they allowed developed to code widgets on NC, they should open it up a little bit to LS. 🙂 askep3 I like the MacBook Pro announcement ink cloud ones, usually I don’t like the stuff as u said ^^^ but those are different… Jason Baroni These are the worst wallpapers have ever done. I’m impressed how they got over themselves after previous terrible ones. John Eh? Jason Baroni Edited. Thanks James G Primary colors? Or carrier colors? PhoneTechJay Interesting James G The carriers have clearly aligned to their respective colors when showing the phone in their TV spots. askep3 Off topic, but I’ve noticed in IOS 10.1.1 message screen effects utilize the Taptic Engine on the 7, like on the fireworks as they explode the phone taps you, dunno if that was there since day one tho Abhinav Chaudhary https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0a91c91fe35c16a894bf789aa718b5424ab418d49dd4914afd4d8c74c355b70a.jpg Lizmay Thanks, been waiting for these.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Luca Todesco tweets photo of iPhone 7 jailbroken on iOS 10.1.1 By Anthony Bouchard, Nov 6, 2016 Tweet 68 Comments At the end of last week, a demo video surfaced on Reddit revealing what appeared to be an iPhone 7 running iOS 10.1 that was jailbroken. There was a lot of skepticism surrounding its legitimacy, but now the established iOS hacker Luca Todesco is sharing photographic evidence of his own iPhone 7 jailbroken on iOS 10.1.1 via Twitter. iOS 10.1.1 is currently Apple’s latest public firmware for iPhones, iPod touches, and iPads, and it has closed a ton of security holes that could have been used for jailbreaking. Todesco’s personal jailbreak isn’t linked to the one from last week. Each were made by two different individuals who would more than likely be using different exploits to get to the jailbroken state. Creating a jailbreak for Apple’s latest iOS firmware requires getting around new security measures to thwart jailbreaking, like KPP (kernel patch protection). Todesco says he’s managed backwards compatibility with iOS 10.1, in addition to iOS 10.1.1: For what it’s worth, Saurik already shared his opinion about these jailbreak teases in the Reddit thread of the demo video from last week, particularly pointing out the sketchiness of having to use a custom-built library instead of Cydia Substrate to run tweaks. According to Saurik, a custom library should be unnecessary and Cydia Substrate should run fine on iOS 10, so something is certainly fishy and these demos should be taken with a grain of salt whenever you see them. On the other hand, Todesco has a long track record of releasing teaser videos and pictures on Twitter and he’s pretty well-known in the community. The rapid releases of new iOS firmware from Apple is putting a lot of pressure on jailbreak teams who are undoubtedly researching the feasibility of a public jailbreak. The cat and mouse game between Apple and hackers is swaying heavily in Apple’s favor. Releasing a jailbreak to the public requires a lot of resources, including tons of beta testing across the broad range of iOS 10 devices, programming a stable tool for both macOS and Windows, and then keeping up with bug fixes and improvements even beyond the initial public release. These tasks are a lot for a single person to take on, which has played a huge role in why these teases have never been released to the public. Teams like Pangu and TaiG have the greatest likelihood of releasing a jailbreak for iOS 10; according to Pangu, the team has already been working on trying to get something together. Are you waiting to jailbreak iOS 10? Share in the comments below. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend iOS 10.1 jailbreak on iPhone 7 demoed in video iPhone 7 jailbreak: iOS hacker Luca Todesco is back at it iOS 10 jailbreak: hacker Luca Todesco shows off iPad with MobileSubstrate support Hacker’s recently-teased browser-based jailbreak reportedly killed in iOS 10 Related Topics Cydia, Hack, iOS, iOS 10, iOS 10.1, Jailbreak, Jailbreak Apps & Tweaks, Luca Todesco, News, Twitter Charley Gravelle Hey just a warning to everyone out there. If you Google, search on YouTube, or search in any other search engine for an iOS 10 Jailbreak, THEY ARE FAKE. I almost fell for one. iOS 9.3.3 is not being signed anymore so downgrading is not possible. I looked everywhere including on the Deep Web but it is all fakes. They are trying to get you to upgrade and possibly pay them for nothing. DO NOT FALL FOR IT! Wait for Pangu or TaiG to release a stable and real jailbreak. Hope this helps someone! White Michael Jackson Im still on ios 9.0.2 and no plans on upgrading in the mext few years. I remember keeping ios 5.1.1 on my 4s for like 2.5 years. If it aint broke dont fix it. askep3 Just curious, What are the essential tweaks you have been using? smtp25 iTransmission and Filza askep3 Oh tru, I’ve used infuse and seedr (website) on non jailbreak a couple times smtp25 Infuse .. I’ve just switched to Infuse from AVPlayer, I missed the X times speed option but its cool that it has cover art. I figure my iPad Air is irreplaceable at the moment because of the JB, if I lost/it broke, sure I could buy Air2 or the soon to come 3 but it wouldn’t be as useful to me without the JB Leguro I see your jailbroken iPad Air and show you my iPad air 2 9.3.3. Rowan09 I have Kodi, Moviebox and Cartoon HD on my 7 Plus, since you can now side load apps on Xcode. Leguro Do you have to sideload Kodi every single time a week goes by? Also, please tell me you have installed Exodus onto Kodi. If not, Google that immediately. It makes movie box and cartoon HD look silly. I had movie box for a while, Netflix, Hulu, you name it. Just Google install Exodus onto Kodi, and watch the YouTube tutorial if necessary. It’s not at all hard. Please reply and let me know what you think. Rowan09 Oh I have Kodi with Exodus, you should also install Evolve, it’s great and of course Phoenix. No I have a paid developer account and I used Cydia Impactor to install them with ease. There’s also an app on the AppStore right now along with the Apple TV AppStore that allows you to watch live tv. It’s free but cost $3.99 I believe to get rid of ads. I don’t believer in pirating apps so I don’t use those things. I even pay for all my jailbreak tweaks. It’s better to just hack a fire stick over the Raspberry PI which I own 1-3 as well. Leguro I forgot about Phoenix! I’ve been dying for some live television In my bedroom. I don’t even care if it’s boring as hell, because it’s just to go to sleep too. Rowan09 Yes for live sports use Pro Sport Leguro I will give that one a download. Hopefully that’s worthwhile. Have you tried sportsdevil? That’s what I’m currently using. Rowan09 Definitely and Castaway is just like Sportsdevil. Pro sport is only for the 4 major US sports but it’s setup is better than sportsdevil because you won’t need to search for anything. Cuauhtémoc R. I’m having issues trying to install Kodi on 9.3.3 1. Cydia package isn’t working (Kodi v15) 2. Downloaded .deb file (Kodi v17) and installed with iFile but gives me an error. Any suggestions? thanks Leguro In case my comment doesn’t get approved, because I see it’s pending. I will rephrase my statement. Instead of installing it through a file. Install Kodi through a Repo through Cydia. smtp25 Ok you lost me a bit, but as long as I don’t need to have a home server/computer on all the time, I’ll definitely do it. Have Movie Box now. Could go the Pi route but I really like having everything contained on my iPad where I watch most stuff or out to the Apple TV. Leguro You don’t need to have a home server. Just Google “Kodi Exodus” and watch the YouTube videos. Basically like Netflix for free on steroids on your iPad. It doesn’t matter if it’s in the theaters, and it’s usually media that is uploaded within an hour of it being on television. Bar none there are no other media sources that offer more content, paid or otherwise period. You don’t just have to have it on your iPad though. But I have it on everything. I have it on my phone, I have it on my television through a computer. I have it on my television in my bedroom for through a Raspberry pi. End it doesn’t have to just be exitus it could also be “Specto Fork”. As well as numerous other repositories. I’m just naming you the best ones. Leguro So… Piracy. Not that I’m judging. I have Appcake myself, as well as free fight pass/paper views through the UFC app. smtp25 Don’t forget Local IAPStore for in app purchases. Appcake is pretty awesome with the one touch download and install unless the older ones where you had to pick a file locker and mess with capatchas White Michael Jackson Flex. That is basically it. Everything else I could take off and not miss it. Jayy Same here, won’t be updating to iOS 10 anytime soon! Unless a unthethered jailbreak releases, not any of that semi bs. Lordrootman On the same bolt 9.0.2 Though I have new iPhone also Edgar Barrios everyone told the same thing to Abraham Lincoln but he had to mess things for everyone else. Leguro You are absolutely insane or ill informed for not upgrading to 9.3.3., then jailbreaking that.The stability advancements alone are tremendous. Not to mention the security. A good rule of thumb is to always jailbreak when the OS is almost done with its stability upgrades. You never want to jailbreak something like 10.0 or 10.01 because it takes a long time to work all the kinks out. So, for me, the only time I plan on jailbreaking next is iOS 10.x, as soon as I can that is right before iOS 11. White Michael Jackson By having a jailbroken phone I am therefore susceptible to security threats. I am ok with that. My phone is still stable. Running strong on 9.0.2. Plus I can’t stand when developers don’t update old apps. I got the phone working the way I want it on iOS 9.0.2, and I certainly don’t want to update, lose jailbreak, jailbreak again then tweak all my tweaks until to were just like that older iOS. Next time I jailbreak is when it is available for the iPhone 7″s”. Leguro I know right? There are just so many times that my iPad is riddled with viruses. It’s just ridiculous. I routinely have to scan my Windows computer for viruses. I have never once encountered a virus or even talk to someone who has encountered a virus on the forums (Reddit jailbreak). Just tried to Google and find someone talking about how they had the virus. There is a difference between a possibility and a likelihood, and you my friend are confused between the two. And if you are truly worried about viruses, I would highly suggest you updating past 9.0.2. Because the security has been drastically improved. White Michael Jackson Did I say viruses or security threats? I said security threats. I don’t know what you are rambling about. Leguro No dummy I’m saying you’re dumb for not updating to 9.3.3 and then jailbreaking that one. There’s no excuse. Unless you got an old as shit device, always update to the newest jailbreak. Wait for the kinks to be worked out for the next couple weeks and make sure that it is stable, then make the jump. But when you wait forever the signing window closes, so now you have to stay at her more unstable and insecure version of the jailbreak. White Michael Jackson Uhh, these are simple things that every jailbreaker knows. What made you think typing this response was going inspire me to update my phone? Its called an iPhone for a reason. I use it the way I want too. rockdude094 I was on 8.4 until a few months ago. iOS 10 is pretty smoot 3.14159265359 Lol everyone knows this already, your warning about old news. No one falls for those anymore. John I don’t think anyone has fallen for them since 2008 lol Alan Aurmont As always with jailbreak, don’t expect a public release until iOS 11. askep3 You may be right about that, if Apple updates often as they have been lately, the consequence for having a stable jailbroken device may be being one iOS Version behind Jayy The iOS 9 jailbreak was actually pretty fast! I was only the on stock iOS for about a month zebonaut Over a year without a jailbreak. Please let me out of my cage. 7000rpm if iOS 10 jailbreak arrives, wait for English tool lol! Waldemar Sinicki Tedesco is a foolish man, which always shows only a little part of the jailbreak !!! Tony Because it’s really easy to do what he’s doing. These are not actual breaks at all. They are easy to accomplish with a developer account and some super basic programming knowledge. The reason why sites even post his stuff these days… because long ago he was able to make real proofs of concept that came true.. Now it’s just so easy to “fake” and I’m not saying fake as in it’s not actually a real proof of concept.. but again a dev account and some super basic coding.. boom I can make the exact same video. Would be nice if sites like this would just ignore him all together because they are being taken advantage of. JaeM1llz “but again a dev account and some super basic coding.. boom I can make the exact same video” Hahahah, prove it. Tony Why? It’s a waste of time. That’s why I don’t understand websites giving this guy the time of day. He’s obviously scamming people into believing something is real. But again anyone with super basic knowledge of how programming works can easily accomplish this. Why aren’t there many other videos? Cause most don’t care and it’s a waste of time.. so again why on earth would I bother? To prove what? that I to can make a fake jailbreak? I’ll pass… but people will keep drinking the koolade! Rolf Bause qwertyoruiop can suck my dfghjkbnm! YaBoyLilMayo Lol this dude must not have any friends he begs for attention so often it’s hilarious. No one cares about his teaser videos if he’s not releasing them and he knows that. Typical lonely virgin behavior begging to be needed cause no one cares bout him in real life Jerry I really dislike this guy nvog Another publicity hit from this irritating show-off… Saurik is right, not using Cydia Substrate smells really fishy. Still having jb on 9.0.2 UNTETHERED, and loving it (also waiting good jb news from China). 2016 laramie Smart man!! John I agree. Another publicity stunt and yet, iDB goes running for the printers every time this happens. Rondog NO jailbreak for the public yet? I’m pulling my hair out man! Vista same. Jerry You can thank the governments obsession with getting into the iPhone for them releasing so many updates JH_Radio I’m waiting for a jailbreak for ioS 10 before I u upgrade on my phone. One good thing is that at least the apps are still being updated for iOS 9.0.2 that I have installed. I fell for one of the jailbreak scams. I paid for it for my iPod, so it wasn’t my main device. when I found out it wasn’t real, I was able to get my money back from PayPal, but yet this company still exists. (Yes, they actually gave me my money back.) Leguro Wait for at least 10.3 and above. 9.01 and 9.02 were horrendous when it came to stability. As far as I can tell, there’s not much on 10.0 that makes me want to switch. I will keep my 9.3.3 and it’s stability as long as possible. When iOS 10 can compete with its functionality and stability, I will then make the switch over when a jailbreak is possible. f96lrs iPhone 7 really need a JB Rowan09 What’s are you missing? Abhijeet Gupta Just some pirated apps and tweaks 🙂 Rowan09 Which apps? Abhijeet Gupta I said he’s missing them and not me. I’m on 10.2 beta and happy and enjoying it. Honestly after iOS 10, I don’t miss jailbrrak anymore save for theming. Rowan09 Abhijeet Gupta I mean like yeah, all of us who have bought new models should enjoy stock iOS as it is, a jb is just a cherry on top of the cake, if you get it, you’re lucky else not JuzzY-G Cercube, Activator, Appcake, Kodi, SubtleLock, Springtomize the list goes on. Not too fussed about the wait, I get by just fine without I guess. I am just hoping there is actually something to wait for! Mike M. Powell Is it bad that I just don’t care bout jailbreaks anymore? I’ve been enjoying these latest “betas” and iOS 10 pretty much good for me. All I kinda want is quick compose and that’s it in all honesty…. :/ Leguro All depends on what you’re using it for of course. For a basic media consumption? It’s absolutely perfect. Saulo Chonay I regret so much of updating my iPhone 5S to 9.3.3 I should stay on 8.4 rockdude094 I think if jailbreaking was paid there would be more of an incentive too develop and release a jailbreak as soon as possible Rahimo I am waiting for the Jailbreak on FIRE !!! My 6+ is on 9.3.3, and I have jailbroken it the temporary jailbreak hahaha, but it has been failed to work after a reboot! 🙁 .. I asked some pros, they told me that I should restore my device and re-jailbreak! but the signing window for 9.3.3 was closed!! I didn’t know what to do! so I have cydia installed but not working 🙁 , what do you think guys about doing a Reset?? help me please!! I can’t use an iPhone without a Jailbreak!! it is disgusting! Sohail Wahab I hope someone releases the JB for iOS 10 after 10.2 release because If they do not, I might sell my iPhone and get an Android. iPhone is a beast with JB but without it, it is useless. I have planned so many things to do with iOS 10 JB. Please don’t tease us. Release it so everyone could enjoy it. Just saying what you’re thinki There’s supposedly going to be a jailbreak released by the end of this week that works on ios 10.0-10.1.1 from yalu i think is the name they’ve released a jailbreak before but im still not completely certain how real it is since there’s no demo but pangu never really releases a demo beforehand either   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 The pundits are wrong about Apple - again Nov 2016 Is Apple selling a MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable for $79 a step too far? Nov 2016 Who's winning the video streaming wars? Nov 2016 Why Donald Trump bests Hillary Clinton on key tech policies Nov 2016 Imagine a world without Apple's Mac Pro Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Report: Apple ‘weighing’ possibility of releasing a pair of digital glasses Touché lets you easily test drive and screenshot Apple’s Touch Bar features on your Mac before upgrading You can now make donations to nonprofit organizations with Apple Pay Apple releases macOS 10.12.2 beta 3 for developers RIP Videos app as Apple replaces it with more capable TV in iOS 10 beta 3 tvOS 10.1 developer beta 3 is now available for Apple TV New Beats Solo3 Wireless ad highlights battery life, on-ear controls – take $80 off at Amazon Apple releases iOS 10.2 beta 3: New ‘Love’ Messages screen effect, SOS India-only, Videos hidden by default 9to5Toys Last Call: AirPort 2TB Time Capsule $199, iTunes Gift Cards 15% off, SmartThings Accessory Sale, more The best apps for the new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar & Touch ID Apple’s new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar will be in stock, available to try at Apple Stores this week KGI: iPhone sales have peaked, supply orders will decline 5-15%; China growth flat Customers start receiving new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, most early orders set to deliver this week Schiller: Apple tried touch screen MacBooks but doesn’t work for iMacs, landed on Touch Bar instead Samsung moves deeper into audio and in-car tech in Beats-like acquisition of Harman International MacRumors Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day AppleInsider Apple opens up Apple Pay donations to non-profit organizations New app 'Touche' simulates MacBook Pro Touch Bar on other Macs Apple seeds third developer betas of iOS 10.2, macOS 10.12.2 & tvOS 10.1 MacMall has MacBook Pros with Touch Bar that will ship this week; grab one before they're gone Google revamps Play Music with recommended playlists based on location, time & activity Apple SVP Phil Schiller addresses Touch Bar, other MacBook Pro concerns Deals: $80 off Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones; $270 off 2015 13" MacBook Pro; $20 off 128GB unlocked iPhone 7 Microsoft to bring Visual Studio to Mac later this week Quick take video review: Apple's 15" MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is an exciting upgrade Samsung buys Harman for $8B in deal that could pave way for 'Apple Car' competition MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Touché: Touch Bar for Everyone [Sponsor] Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native Intercom A Pro Video Editor’s Look at the New MacBook Pro The Talk Show: ‘Holiday Party’ Donald Trump Is Elected President in Stunning Repudiation of the Establishment New York Times Election Front Pages, 1852–2012 Four-Year-Old Reddit Thread on the Then-New MacBook Pros Twitter Still Might Save Vine by Selling It Only Microsoft Could Make Teams T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Best Mac for designers buying guide 2016/2017 | Best Mac for graphic design Best iPhone 7 cases & iPhone 7 Plus cases 16 best speakers 2016 UK | Best wireless speaker | Best Bluetooth speaker iPhone 9 and beyond: 30 amazing features of the smartphone of the future New MacBook Air 2016 UK release date rumours New iOS 11 release date rumours UK | iOS 11 new features rumours How to delete music from iPhone in iOS 10 7 Sierra menu bar tips: How to use Mac menu bar in macOS Sierra iPad mini 5 release date rumours UK | iPad mini 5 specs & new features wishlist New iPhone SE 2 release date rumours UK | New iPhone SE specs & UK price rumours CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 14, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 105.71 (-2.72, -2.51%) | NASDAQ: 5218.40 (-18.72, -0.36%) Why is Apple Music gaining subscribers so quickly? Wednesday, November 2, 2016 · 2:01 pm · 8 Comments “Apple’s Services revenue rose 24% YoY (year-over-year) in fiscal 4Q16 to $6.3 billion,” Adam Rogers writes for Market Realist. “App Store revenue was driven by Apple Music, which grew 22% YoY.” “Recently, a J.D. Power Streaming Music Satisfaction Study named Apple Music as the top-rated music streaming service,” Rogers writes. “According to the study, 35% of respondents were “strongly committed” to Apple Music. In comparison, 30% of respondents were strongly committed to Spotify and Google Music.” “Apple Music now has over 17 million subscribers, up from 15 million in August 2016 and 11 million in March 2016,” Rogers writes. “Spotify has only 30 million paid subscribers, and the company has taken almost ten years to reach this figure.” Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: Why is Apple Music gaining subscribers so quickly? Because Mac, iPhone, and iPad customers are the cream of the crop and have disposable income and the proven will to spend it (see their Macs, iPhones, and iPads) – especially on services such as Apple Music which has shown great improvement in a very short period of time while delivering access to content that simply cannot be found anywhere else. Exclusives work, but not nearly as well as the possession of unmatched demographics about which rivals can only dream. SEE ALSO: Apple mulls major Apple Music price drop, sources say – November 1, 2016 Amazon challenges Apple, Spotify with new music streaming service starting at $3.99 a month – October 12, 2016 Categories: News Tags: Amazon Music Unlimited, Apple Music, Apple services, Google Music, Spotify, streaming music services Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 8 Comments Jooop Wednesday, November 2, 2016 - 2:49 pm · Reply Because getting access to like every song and album in the entire world for $10/month is great. Once you go for the trial, you realize you can’t go back to buying individual tracks. When you’re paying a flat monthly subscription, you consume much more music. You don’t have to mentally justify every download. You can download that Selena Gomez track that you’ll only listen to for one week without feeling like you wasted your money. MaxBay Wednesday, November 2, 2016 - 3:12 pm · Reply Why own music when you can subscribe to a music service for the rest of your life? Never signed up for Apple Music or anybody else. Most of what’s out there they should pay me to listen to. But it’s still a very attractive alternative to ownership. thetheloniousmac Wednesday, November 2, 2016 - 4:17 pm · Reply It kinda sneaks up on ya. You’ve had iTunes all along and iTunes just kinda whispers gimme some money, and next thing you know you’re subscribing to music. JWSC Thursday, November 3, 2016 - 10:30 am · Reply See? Apple is evil! Haywire Thursday, November 3, 2016 - 1:09 am · Reply It just might be because Spotify has never made a decent app. I have never gone beyond the free version because of Spotify’s terrible app. I have subscribed to Apple Music because even the old app was better than Spotify’s. bbock Thursday, November 3, 2016 - 1:43 am · Reply It’s incumbent on blockbuster lines of phones and tablets, it’s (finally) easy to use, it has a large library, and its reasonably priced. What’s not to love? Well, the price could be cheaper. Chrystian Barrière Friday, November 4, 2016 - 2:32 pm · Reply Sorry but Apple Music is one piece of garbage. I own just about every Apple products, (iMac, MacBokk Air, iPhone, iPod, Ppale TV) and you can’t accuse me of being a hater. But since I decided to adopt Apple Music, I am very disapointed. It makes iTunes even slower than it ever was, I found myself invaded by double and triple playlists in my library, and many more problems. Apple support has been no help at all. it ‘s a complete mess. I am even tinking about transferring all my music to anotehr software solution and cancelling the subscription to Apple Music. BarryS Sunday, November 6, 2016 - 11:55 am · Reply It probably would replace the function of broadcast radio. However, the “Cloud” and streaming are not available everywhere and therefore until that deficiency is rectified, it won’t replace broadcast radio. Cell phone carriers like to brag about their coverage, but it simply is not true in un-heavily populated areas. Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles The Wall Street Journal reviews Apple’s MacBook Pro: ‘More beautiful, svelter’ Now slavish copier Samsung looks to knock off Apple iPhone’s 3D Touch All the ways Roku Ultra beats Apple TV Just like Steve Jobs, president-elect Trump to take just $1 in annual salary If you want a new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas China warns Apple’s iPhone sales will suffer if President Trump starts a trade war Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to Apple’s Mac Australian banks dismiss Android NFC past in Apple Pay negotiations Samsung buys automotive electronics-maker Harman for $8 billion to take on Apple, Google Mashable reviews Apple’s MacBook Pro: ‘Simply superb’ MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,429 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation Xcode - Apple Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc. The Unarchiver - Dag Agren App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Disk Cleaner - Free Your Hard Drive Space, Clean Cache, Tune Your Drive - Pocket Bits LLC Logic Pro X - Apple Adware Doctor - Remove Adware, Malware, and Restore Your Browser - YONGMING ZHANG Final Cut Pro - Apple Affinity Photo - Serif Labs App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler Quicken 2017 - Quicken Inc. Civilization VI - Aspyr Media, Inc.  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Perchang - Perchang Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Pinterest - Pinterest XFINITY TV - Comcast MagiMobile – Mighty Magiswords Collection App - Cartoon Network Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Hallelujah - Leonard Cohen Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Heathens - twenty one pilots Hallelujah - Pentatonix Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem) - Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall CAN'T STOP THE FEELING! - Justin Timberlake  Top 10 iTunes Albums Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix You Want It Darker - Leonard Cohen The Essential Leonard Cohen - Leonard Cohen 57th & 9th (Deluxe) - Sting Simply Christmas - Leslie Odom, Jr. The Best of Leon Russell - Leon Russell Traveller - Chris Stapleton NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists Collage - EP - The Chainsmokers  Top 10 iTunes Movies Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel Contact - Robert Zemeckis Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates The Infiltrator - Brad Furman Independence Day: Resurgence - Roland Emmerich  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Service - The Walking Dead Controversies & Legacies - Keeping Up With the Kardashians The Statement - Madam Secretary Reunion, Pt. 2 - The Real Housewives of New Jersey The Cell - The Walking Dead LCFLUTTER - Quantico Housewife House Wars - The Real Housewives of Atlanta The Room Where It Happens - Grey's Anatomy Ill Tidings - Elementary The Interrogation - Designated Survivor  Top 10 Audiobooks Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins The Wrong Side of Goodbye: A Harry Bosch Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Michael Connelly Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Unabridged) - J. D. Vance How to Win Friends & Influence People (Unabridged) - Dale Carnegie The Chemist (Unabridged) - Stephenie Meyer Killing the Rising Sun: How America Vanquished World War II Japan (Unabridged) - Bill O'Reilly & Martin Dugard Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling The Art of War (Unabridged) - Sun Tzu News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iPhone SE May Not Be Refreshed Early Next Year By Adnan Farooqui on 11/06/2016 08:09 PST If you’ve been waiting for a refreshed model of the iPhone SE, you might have to keep waiting if a well-regarded Apple analyst is to be believed. Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities believes that Apple is not going to refresh the iPhone SE early next year, it’s predicted that the company will do this in order to maintain high margins on its high-end iPhones. The iPhone SE was introduced by Apple in March this year. It’s basically the same device as the iPhone 6s but with a smaller, 4 inch frame that’s aimed at people who don’t want big phones. The analyst predicts that this iPhone did perform well, he sales that total iPhone shipment volume in the first half of this year was higher due to the “upbeat demand for the iPhone SE.” He new expects volumes to decline in the first half of next year as demand slows down in China and Apple doesn’t introduce a refreshed model of the iPhone SE early next year. That doesn’t mean it’s going to give up on the iPhone SE altogether. Kuo isn’t predicting that yet, so Apple may very well decide to launch a new iPhone SE later next year, but if he’s to be believed we might not see a new one in March next year. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about iphone se. Key Specs iPhone SE Status Released Display Diagonal 4" (10.16 cm) Processor/Soc Name A9 Street Price (Approx) ~ $465 Search low iPhone SE price (Amazon) Max. Total Storage Capacity 64 GB Megapixels 12 Megapixel Battery Capacity (mAh) 1624 mAh Complete product data Apple iPhone SE Full specs and details Related Articles 2016-06-02 Xiaomi Reportedly Working On 4.3 Inch Smartphone 2016-04-27 Apple Claims iPhone SE Demand Exceeded Their Expectations 2016-04-21 iPhone SE Reportedly Stealing Customers From Chinese Companies 2016-04-11 Apple Looks Into iPhone SE Bluetooth Audio Quality Issues 2016-04-04 iPhone SE Undergoes A Torture Test Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple discounts MacBook Pro-compatible LG 5K and 4K displays by 25% Adam Westlake - Nov 6, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit On Friday, Apple made a surprise move by cutting the prices of USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 accessories and adapters in order to address the growing outcry over the new MacBook Pro’s lack of legacy-compatible ports. Turns out, the company has another gift for early adopters of its latest laptops: a big discount on LG’s new UltraFine 5K and 4K displays that were announced alongside the MacBook Pros. So, how much of a discount? A whopping 25% to be exact. The LG UltraFine 5K Display is now priced at $974, a $325 reduction off the original $1,300. The UltraFine 4K Display, on the other hand, is now $524, a $175 price cut from the original $700. A 5K display for under $1,000, and a 4K model for just over $500 make for some very attractive gifts this holiday season. But potential buyers should be aware this discount is being labeled as a “Special Pricing” promotion by Apple. Like the discounts on USB-C adapters and accessories, these reduced monitor prices will only be available until December 31st, 2016. Each of the displays were made in cooperation with Apple and designed specifically to work best with the new MacBook Pros. For those looking to use external displays with their new laptops, LG’s new monitors are probably the best choice at this point, as it appears that Apple is done producing its own external displays. The UltraFine 5K Display, which measures 27 inches, is now listed on Apple’s website at the discounted price, but won’t be available to order until sometime in December. The 21.5-inch 4K monitor is available to order at the discounted price, and is expected to begin shipping in the next 5 to 6 weeks. Both connect to the MacBook Pro over Thunderbolt 3, and offer built-in USB-C ports, charging capabilities, and support for P3 wide color gamut. Story Timeline Eyes-on with the LG 5K display perfect for the new MacBook Pro Apple implies it's done making external monitors New MacBook Pros limited to 16GB RAM, slower speeds on two Thunderbolt ports A simple fix for the new MacBook Pro's big problem OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock returns MacBook Pro ports Apple removed Apple USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 prices cut amid MacBook Pro dongle outcry Tags AppleComputingDisplayLGmacbook proThunderbolt 3USB-C Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft details Black Friday 2016 deals: sales start November 24 Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Foxconn Plans to Push into Semiconductors Business with Chips for Internet TV and Cloud Computing | Main | Chinese Cyber Security Law goes into Effect in June 2017 that may Require Apple to surrender iOS Source Code » November 06, 2016 Samsung Confirms AI is coming to the Galaxy S8 in Late February Courtesy of Viv   Last month Patently Apple pointed to a few potential smartphone features reportedly coming to Samsung's Galaxy 8 in late February 2017. We're likely to see Samsung introduce dual cameras, drop their Home button and power it with a new 10nm processor. Samsung is also likely to introduce the Note7's Iris scanner feature in the Galaxy S8. So what else could Samsung be introducing in February to get their S8 more in tune with Apple's iPhone? The answer is definitely going to be Artificial Intelligence. Yes, AI is going to be the big star feature for their new Galaxy S8 according to two Korean tech reports today. In fact their new AI is from the creators of Siri who broke away to create a startup called Viv which was acquired by Samsung last month.   The Korean reports note that Samsung Electronics' upcoming flagship handset, the Galaxy S8, will be equipped with artificial intelligence (AI) functions, paving the way for a powerful new paradigm shift in the smartphone industry, the company said Friday.   "The S8 will become our first smartphone with AI agent technology," Samsung Electronics Vice President Rhee In-jong said in a press conference, Friday. "This will be our first step in achieving our vision of connecting the devices in an intelligent way, making people's lives more convenient."   AI agent technology refers to a kind of software application that can automatically execute tasks manually instructed by its user. Earlier last month, Samsung Electronics acquired Viv Labs, a U.S.-based AI firm, in its bid to establish what it calls an AI-centered open ecosystem by taking advantage of the latter's expertise in natural language understanding and machine learning technology.   Samsung Electronics said its ultimate goal is to establish an open AI platform where Internet of Things (IoT) devices can be interconnected via voice control.   "The new AI functions of the S8 are not about its services, but the beginning of our vision," the Samsung executive said. "We are going to expand its presence into other devices ― including televisions, refrigerators and washing machines. Users will not have to operate any apps in the upcoming era, as the open AI ecosystem will allow agents to do tasks on their own."   But the company declined to comment further on specific AI characteristics of the new smartphone.   Viv Labs CEO Dag Kittlaus also expressed confidence over the potential synergy its speech recognition technology will generate with Samsung. "Speech recognition is approaching 95 percent accuracy, and it's rapidly approaching the level where people can interact with more and more things," he said. "We have big plans with Samsung, and this is the beginning of a long-term relationship with very big AI ambitions."   Aside from the Viv deal, Samsung's research bodies are increasing investments into new AI-based startups. Late last month, Samsung Strategy and Innovation Center, along with other tech firms, helped U.K.-based AI chipmaker Graphcore to rake in $30 million (34.3 billion won) in funding.   Some thought that Apple would have acquired Viv to ensure that some of their competitors couldn't offer Siri-like services. Apple's one-time lead in AI may have evaporated in the blink of an eye with Samsung implementing Viv so quickly into their next smartphone.   While it's bound to be a little rough around the edges on day one, the fact is that Samsung has now quickly caught up to Apple's Siri and with their appliances business, they'll be aiming to roll Viv into their Internet of Things platform that will extend through to their Smart TV interface, their Gear watch and VR headset product lines within a very short period of time.   Between their Note7 crisis and the recent recall of their washing machines due to explosions, Samsung needs to push the Galaxy S8 to its limits to help them turn the page and get them back on track with competitive products.   Then again, we all know now that pushing their Note7 out the door to beat the iPhone 7 to market was a disastrous move. While it's true that Samsung certainly needs a really hot product right now, it's up to their engineering teams to understand that doesn't mean adding fireworks.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on November 06, 2016 at 08:36 AM in 6. Patently Xtra News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! iPhone SE 2017 Unlikely To Happen In March, Analyst Says: Here’s Why – Tech Times Posted on November 6, 2016 by Tech Times KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes Apple isn’t planning to release an iPhone SE revamp in the first two fiscal quarters of 2017. Apple is skipping an upgrade to focus on profit margins and avoid pulling sales away from the iPhone 7. ( Apple ). Forget the iPhone 7 — here are 10 reasons the 2017 iPhone will blow everyone awayBusiness Insider iPhone 8 release date, specs rumors: Handset to have bezel-less design, wireless charging feature?Vine Report Apple unlikely to refresh iPhone SE in March 2017, analyst saysAppleInsider (press release) (blog) BGR -Fortune -TabTimes (blog) -Mac Rumors all 62 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Apple might skip annual iPhone SE hardware updates Apple might skip annual iPhone SE hardware updates by Ben Woods 06 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Analysts are predicting that Apple won't roll out a refresh of its lower-cost iPhone SE in the first half of 2017, which would mark a different hardware strategy between its larger iPhone and the SE. According to Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, cited by MacRumors, Apple's first half of 2017 could show a decline in the total number of handsets sold, in part because the Cupertino-based company has no iPhone SE refresh in the works. If this is accurate, it would be a shunning of Apple's annual iPhone updates, as the SE was released in March this year, about six months before the firm's newest flagships were unveiled in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Kuo noted that the predicted fall in demand is likely to be due to a lacklustre performance for Apple's handsets in China, and will be compounded by the lack of a new SE model. However, 2017 will be Apple's 10 year anniversary of the iPhone, and the company is reported to be working on a significant hardware redesign for its flagship phones to mark the occassion. That new iPhone could well help balance out any slowing sales across older models, depending on what exactly is announced. Overall, Kuo predicts that Apple could ship as many as five million fewer devices in the second quarter of next year, in comparison to Q2 2016 and that the hardware maker is likely to come under intense pressure to maintain its hardware margins in the face of falling shipment numbers, which could explain the decision not to refresh the iPhone SE in the first half of next year, if Kuo is correct. Related: iPhone 8 release date, specs and price Video: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 8 Head-to-head Do you think it's a mistake not to refresh the iPhone SE? Let us know in the comments below 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Microsoft's Surface Studio Crush Apple's Mac Business? Microsoft just declared all-out war on Apple’s aging Mac business with its new Surface devices. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Nov 6, 2016 at 9:17AM Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) recently unveiled the Surface Pro Studio, a sleek all-in-one PC which can be adjusted to a near-flat orientation for digital design purposes. The 28" 4,500 x 3,000 display has a whopping 13.5 million pixels -- 63% more pixels than a 4K television -- on a 10-point multi-touch touchscreen. The Surface Pro Studio comes with the Surface Pen, which works with other Surface devices, and the new Surface Dial. The Surface Dial is a physical dial which attaches to the Surface Pro Studio's screen to help graphic designers adjust various settings. Image source: Microsoft. The base model, which costs $2,999, is powered by a sixth-gen quad-core Intel Core i5 processor, an Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M GPU, 8GB of RAM, and a 1TB hybrid drive -- defying the notion that PCs must become cheaper to address waning demand. They also indicate that Microsoft is coming after Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Macs in the premium PC market. What's Microsoft trying to do? When Microsoft launched the first Surface devices in 2012, it wasn't trying to develop a big new hardware business like Apple's. It was merely trying to steer the PC market toward 2-in-1 devices which showcased the desktop and "Metro" modes of Windows 8. It was also trying to shake the perception of Windows devices as boxy, utilitarian devices which couldn't measure up to Apple's streamlined aesthetics. That push worked, and Windows PC makers flooded the market with 2-in-1 devices which carved out a growing niche between tablets and full-fledged desktops. Enterprise customers also bought more Surface devices, since they enabled them to upgrade aging desktops with more mobile solutions without losing access to legacy Windows software. Microsoft then continued expanding the Surface brand with the Surface Book, which set the form factor bar even higher for laptop and 2-in-1 makers. With the Surface Pro Studio, Microsoft is likely trying to do the same for the all-in-one market, which is frequently overlooked and clumped together with traditional desktops. That push seems to be working -- Dell just teased an all-in-one device which shares the same design principles as the Surface Pro Studio. The new Surface Book. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft probably doesn't care if it sells more of its own Surface devices, or if it helps Windows OEMs sell more Surface-inspired devices. That's because most of its revenue still comes from sales of Windows licenses. So as long as Windows-powered devices dominate the PC market, Microsoft will maintain a defensible platform against iOS and Android devices. Why Apple should start worrying The comparisons between Microsoft's new Surface devices and Apple's Macs look pretty dismal for the latter. The base models of Microsoft's new Surface Book and Apple's new MacBook Pro both cost about $1,500, but the Surface Book gets 12 hours of battery life compared to the MacBook Pro's 10 hours. A pricier version of the Surface Book adds a whopping 16 hours of battery life. The Surface Book also offers a full detachable touchscreen, while the new MacBook Pro merely adds a "Touch Bar" across the top of the keyboard. We see the same form factor confusion when we compare the iPad Pro to the iMacs -- the former mimics the Surface's hybrid touchscreen approach with iOS, but the latter rigidly sticks with the mouse-operated OS X. That's a stubborn design choice, since third-party companies have been producing add-on touchscreens for iMacs for years. Apple's hardware design is stuck between two form factors, because iOS and OS X remain distinctly separate. By comparison, Microsoft's strategy of using Windows as an "all-in-one" OS for PCs, tablets, and phones gives hardware makers more freedom to create 2-in-1 and all-in-one devices. For many customers -- especially Apple's dedicated demographic of graphic designers -- the Surface Pro Studio likely represents what the iMacs should have already become. The key takeaway Microsoft's new Surface devices, along with the clones that they will inspire, won't deliver a knockout punch to Apple's Mac business, which accounted for 12% of its top line last quarter. But Apple's Macs are definitely losing steam -- shipments dropped 14% annually last quarter as revenue fell 17% to $5.7 billion. Meanwhile, Microsoft's Surface revenue surged 38% annually to $926 million last quarter. Therefore, if Apple doesn't present a clearer vision for the future of the Mac soon, it could fall behind the tech and innovation curve as Microsoft surges ahead with more daring products. We already saw this happen with the HoloLens, and the Surface Pro Studio is another indicator that Microsoft isn't afraid to invest more heavily in new ideas.   Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Nvidia. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Nov 6, 2016 at 9:17AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.48 down $0.13 (-0.38%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $83.64 down $-4.33 (-4.92%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Latest F1: Hamilton Dominates To Set Up Desert Showdown NHS Responsible To Stock HIV Prevention Drug, High Court Rules University of Southampton Strengthens Ties with Defence Firm BAE Systems Formulating a Real Solution to the Student Rent Crisis Mao’s Legacy In Modern China The Food Edit – Mac & Cheese The Best… Flavour of Crisps for Sandwiches? If At First You Don’t Secede… Five Reasons Not To Worry (Too) Much About Trump Implicit Bias: How You Can Be Racist Without Knowing It Search Facebook Twitter Instagram Navigate Home News Features Politics International Sport Opinion Lifestyle Sci & Tech Travel Pause HomeFeatures Credit: Bethany Westall The Evolution of Halloween 0 By Natalia Jopling Tanser on November 6, 2016 Features Magazine Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Halloween straddles the line between autumn and winter. Some people love it – and why not? It’s an excuse to dress up and get free food, hopefully of the dessert variety; whilst others loathe it and have a Grinch-esque attitude toward the celebrations. So how did an ancient tradition transform into a night where it’s acceptable to stalk around people’s homes in costumes and be rewarded with sweets? The Name Why is Halloween called Halloween? Anyone who knows anything about early English history knows that Britain was a hotspot for change. After the Saxons invaded, followed by the invasion of more Saxons, Britain as we know it today, was introduced to Christianity. Along with Christianity came the Christian festivals and holidays including “All Hallows’ Day”. The night of October 31 therefore became known as All-hallows-even then Hallow Eve, still later referred to as Hallowe’en and then of course, finally, Halloween. Embed from Getty Images The Date The spooky date as we know it, is derived from the Celtic festival of Samhain which was actually celebrated on November 1. Essentially, the Celts used this to say goodbye to summer and its happiness and joy and hello to winter with its death and misery. Cheerful, right? Costumes In the belief that spirits, ghosts and ghouls were in the air the before Samhain, which is where the magical date of October 31 comes in, the Celts would dress up in masks and costumes, in order to avoid being possessed. Thanks to popular culture, in recent years, the aim of many Halloween costumes has gone from looking scary to looking as outlandish as possible in order to attract general attention. Not quite what the Celts had in mind. Apple Bobbing As many Halloween traditions have been influenced by the Celts and their practices, it’s might be surprising that the idea of sticking only your head in a bucket of water and trying to emerge with an apple actually came from the Romans. One of the Roman festivals put a great emphasis on the mighty apple as a symbol, and as the Romans invaded the Celts, whom we got our Halloween idea from, the apple bobbing tradition began. And why not? Apples are great. Trick or Treating The tradition of giving out sweets to people dressed up only actually surface in the 1930s and boy, have the Americans taken this on board! Supposedly, the American nation spent $7 bn on it last year. That’s a lot of sweets, and a lot of trips to the dentist – so maybe that’s why the figure is so high? Trick or treating is thought to have stemmed from a tradition called ‘souling’, where the poor would go from house to house begging for food and in return would pray for the family’s dead relatives. But as always, in the modern day and age we prefer to ignore things related to plight and make them more fun, by giving out sweets for example. Jack O’Lantern The word “Jack-o’-lantern” has changed in meaning several times. It was first recorded as a nickname for a night watchman, dating back to 1663 and now it’s the name for a pumpkin with a light inside. However, an Irish legend tells of a  man named Jack who tricked the Devil into agreeing not to take him into Hell. But, unfortunately he’d been quite sinful so he wasn’t allowed into Heaven either. Poor Jack was condemned to wander between Heaven and Hell with his lantern, looking for a place to rest and never finding one. Pumpkin Carving There seems to be an unspoken rule that a Jack O’ Lantern, also known as a Will O’ the Wisp, has to be made from a pumpkin. We can thank American popular culture for this, as the act of the carving of faces into hollowed-out vegetables, was originally carried out with other root vegetables such as swedes and turnips. So if you can’t find a suitable pumpkin, don’t worry, just nip down to Sainsburys and try and find a nice looking swede. But why do we spend ages carving a vegetable that’s really difficult to carve only to leave it to slowly decay on our window sill with a candle inside? It was believed that the scary carved faces in the lanterns would ward off any evil spirits. I don’t know about evil spirits, but no junk mail would be appreciated. Embed from Getty Images Noise and Parties Most people love parties, so there’s no reason why they shouldn’t like Halloween parties! But, many parties can come with quite a bit of noise. We can actually trace back a form of celebration to the Irish Catholics who remembered the souls of all the departed by banging on pots and pans to let the dead know they were not forgotten and lit bonfires to scare away the wandering souls. So there you go, you know a lot more about what you’re celebrating this year. Happy Halloween!   Related posts: Halloween: A History The Weekly Distraction #46(66): Halloween 2013 Should You Dress Up As A Clown This Halloween? Last Minute Halloween Solutions SUSU Halloween Red Foam Party – Our Review Tags: halloween Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Natalia Jopling Tanser Law student at the University of Southampton. Features Editor 2016/17. I also write for KettleMag, The Edge and The National Student. Avid reader, badminton player, dog lover and hedgehog rescuer. Related Stories Mao’s Legacy In Modern China Your University Bedroom Essentials Achieving the Employable: Frontline Leave A Reply Cancel Reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Popular November 14, 2016 F1: Hamilton Dominates To Set Up Desert Showdown November 14, 2016 NHS Responsible To Stock HIV Prevention Drug, High Court Rules November 14, 2016 University of Southampton Strengthens Ties with Defence Firm BAE Systems November 14, 2016 Formulating a Real Solution to the Student Rent Crisis Recent Comments Chris Bater on Southampton F.C – The Saints’ Long Term Growth and Prospects Tom Townend on The Future is Now: Making Humans a Multiplanetary Species Niall Jones on The Future is Now: Making Humans a Multiplanetary Species Niall Jones on If Clinton Was Male She Would Win In A Landslide Social Media Find out more Get Involved Contact Us Terms & Conditions Writer Login READ THE MAGAZINE ARTICLE OF THE WEEK The Unthinkable Happened – What Will a Trump Presidency Mean for You? By: Nathaniel McVeagh  Continue Reading → Avatars by Sterling Adventures Tweets by @WessexScene About The Wessex Scene is the oldest student news provider at the University of Southampton, and has been in print since 1936. The Scene is written and edited by students, for students, and is always looking to welcome new writers, photographers, designers, researchers and illustrators. Contact Email us at editor@soton.ac.uk Join our Facebook writers group. Copyright © 2015 Wessex Scene Terms & Conditions Contact Us
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg iPhone SE 2017 Unlikely To Happen In March, Analyst Says: Here's Why 6 November 2016, 9:56 am EST By Carl Velasco Tech Times Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes Apple isn't planning to release an iPhone SE revamp in the first two fiscal quarters of 2017. Apple is skipping an upgrade to focus on profit margins and avoid pulling sales away from the iPhone 7.  ( Apple ) Advertisement There's no indication that Apple will refresh its iPhone SE variant in 2017. By extending the shelf life of the current-gen device by another year, Apple could instead attempt to bolster its gross margins while also avoiding intercompetition between other current smartphones, such as the flagship iPhone 7, which Apple only recently launched. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says that Apple is unlikely to release a refresh of the iPhone SE in the second quarter of 2017, or March, in Apple's fiscal year. The iPhone SE was first unveiled by Apple in March this year. It's a 4-inch iPhone with a 12-megapixel camera running on Apple's proprietary A9 chip. It's supposed to be Apple's less intimidating iPhone variant in terms of size, which also doesn't skimp on power and premium features. Apple Insider reports that, while Kuo says that there will be no new iPhone SE by Q2, he does not mention if Apple plans to unveil a new iPhone SE model in Q3 or Q4 or sometime beyond the purported timeline. Apple is likely skipping a revamped iPhone SE as a direct influence of the company's expected gross margin guidance for Q1 2017, which is lower than expected. During Apple's most recent investors conference, the company outlined gross margins between 38 to 38.5 percent for the quarter ending in December, which is lower than its forecast in 2015 at 40.1 percent. Ditching an iPhone SE revamp might not be the only thing on Apple's checklist, to ensure that profits balloon for the forthcoming fiscal quarters. Kuo believes that Apple is backing component suppliers into a corner, convincing them to cut the costs of iPhone components to keep margins healthy as it enters a new fiscal year. Kuo expects suppliers to obey Apple and slash the pricing of components during November or December. Kuo, however, notes that not all suppliers may follow Apple's plea for cost reductions. iPhone component makers, such as the manufacturers of the device's panel in particular, have insufficient moxie to bargain with Apple because of the fierce competition among suppliers. But major suppliers like Samsung or TSMC have more leeway to reject Apple's austerity measures, leaving smaller-scale suppliers with no choice but to succumb to Apple. iPhone shipments are predicted to hit 40 million to 50 million for this quarter. Kuo's longthrow forecast finds 35 million to 40 million iPhone units sold by the end of Q2 2017. Such predictions are lower compared with last year's. Kuo, regarded as the most accurate Apple analyst, also predicts Apple will slash price points of its newly unveiled MacBook Pro models next year. TAG iPhone SE, Apple, Ming Chi Kuo, iPhone 7, Samsung, TSMC © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Recall, Godsend For Apple: iPhone Maker Bagged More Than 100 Percent Of Smartphone Profits Upcoming Smartphones You Should Save Up For: iPhone 8, Galaxy S8, OnePlus 4 And More Huawei Mate 9 vs. iPhone 7 Plus vs. Google Pixel XL: Is The New Huawei Smartphone A Flagship Killer? Best iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Deals From AT&T, Verizon And Target Google Pixel XL vs. iPhone 7 Plus vs. Galaxy S7 edge: Which Smartphone Wins Battery Charging Speed Test? From Our Sponsor Where Can You Get The Best Smartphone Deals And Tablet Deals This Fall At Unbeatable Prices? With the holiday season drawing near, if you're one of the early tech shoppers who's on the lookout to snag a good deal on smartphone, tablet or any gadget, check out GearBest. SPONSORED BY GearBest Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 2 Space How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech BlackBerry Keyboard Phone Promised To Come: Can It Rise Among The Upcoming Generation Of Bezel-Free Smartphones? Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 7 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 8 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years 9 Gadgets Snapchat Spectacles, Nintendo NES Classic Edition Are The Hottest Tech Products This Month, But You Can't Buy Them Yet 10 Apps/Software Samsung Offers Developers $10,000 Per App Via Tizen Mobile App Incentive Program EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   AMAZING FACTS LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections AMAZING FACTS LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE This Week's Best Amazon Deals You Can Still Get Share Smart Shopping Team Image credit:  Amazon / iStock Like us on Facebook As a recurring feature, we share some amazing Amazon deals we’ve turned up. These items were the ones that were the most popular with our readers this week, and they’re still available. Mental Floss has affiliate relationships with certain retailers (including Amazon) and may receive a small percentage of any sale. But we only get commission on items you buy and don’t return, so we’re only happy if you’re happy. Good luck deal hunting! GADGETS AND TOYS LEGO Ideas Yellow Submarine 21306 Building Kit for $59.99  AUKEY Optic iPhone Lens, 160° Fisheye Lens + 20x Macro Mini Clip-on Cell Phone Camera Lenses Kit for Samsung, Android Smartphones, iPhone for $11.99 (list price $19.99) MagicFiber Premium Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - For Tablet, Cell Phone, Laptop, LCD TV Screens and Any Other Delicate Surface (12 Black, 1 Grey) for $17.99 (list price $34.99) Famili FM253 Digital Portable Hanging Suitcase Baggage Weighter Electronic Travel Luggage Weighting Scale with LCD Display, 110lbs/50kg, Black for $9.99 (list price $29.99)(13 Pack) AmazonBasics AA Performance Alkaline Batteries (48-Pack) - Packaging May Vary for $12.49 Protectif Leather RFID Blocking Front Pocket Wallet with Zipper, Card Sleeves and Id Window - Brown for $11.99 Bluetooth Earbud, FKANT V4.1 Wireless Headset Headphone Invisible Ultra Small Mini Earphone Earpiece with MIC for iPhone Samsung Android Phones and More (1 Pack) for $15.99 (list price $28.99) Sabrent Universal Travel Case for GoPro or Small Electronics and Accessories [Medium] (GP-CSBG) for $9.99 (list price $24.99) Photive HYDRA Waterproof Wireless Bluetooth Speaker. Rugged Shockproof and Waterproof Portable Wireless Speaker for $34.95 (list price $129.95)  Anker 24W Dual USB Car Charger PowerDrive 2 for Apple iPhone 6s / 6s Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad Pro, iPad mini; Samsung Galaxy Note Series, S Series & Edge Models; LG G4 / G5; Google Nexus and more for $8.99 (list price $24.99) KMASHI 10000mAh External Battery Power Bank, Portable Charger Backup Pack For iPhone 6s 6 Plus and more for $13.99 (list price $69.99) Seedling Design Your Own Marble Maze, Design Your Own Virtual Reality With Bonus VR Viewer for $49.99 (list price $59.99) WizGear Universal Air Vent Magnetic Car Mount Holder with Fast Swift-Snap Technology for Smartphones and Mini Tablets, Black for $7.99 (list price $16.99) TREBLAB XR500 Bluetooth Headphones, Noise Cancelling Wireless Earbuds, Waterproof Sports Running Earphones, Secure-Fit Headset w/ Mic for $49.99 (list price $179.99) Anker PowerCore+ mini 3350mAh Lipstick-Sized Portable Charger (3rd Generation, Premium Aluminum Power Bank) One of the Most Compact External Batteries, Uses Panasonic Cells for $12.99 (list price $39.99) AquaAudio Cubo - Portable Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker with Suction Cup for Showers, Car, etc. - Pairs with All Bluetooth Devices + Siri Compatible - 10 hours Playtime/ Built-in Mic (Silver) for $19.95 (list price $29.95) Apple Watch Band, Penom Fully Magnetic Closure Clasp Mesh Loop Milanese Stainless Steel Bracelet Strap for Apple iWatch Sport & Edition 42mm - Black for $14.44 (list price $39.99) Bluetooth Headphones, Hussar Magicbuds Wireless Headphones, IPX4 Sweatproof, Premium Sound with Bass, Noise Cancelling, Ergonomic Design, Secure Fit, Zippered Case, 7 Hrs Playtime with Mic for $32.99 (list price $139.99) Jackery Bar Premium 6000 mAh External Battery Charger - Portable Charger and Power Bank with Panasonic Battery Cells and Aluminum Shell for iPhone 7, 7 Plus, iPad, Galaxy & Other Smart Devices (Black) for $12.99 (list price $49.99) Anker PowerLine Micro USB (6ft) - Durable Charging Cable, with Aramid Fiber and 10000+ Bend Lifespan for Samsung, Nexus, LG, Motorola, Android Smartphones and More (Red) for $6.99 (list price $29.99) RAVPower 6700mAh Palm Sized Portable Charger (2.4A Output & 2A Input) with iSmart 2.0 Technology Power Bank External Battery Pack for Smartphones Tablets and more for $11.99 (list price $69.99) Samsung 128GB 80MB/s EVO Select Micro SDXC Memory Card (MB-ME128DA/AM) for $39.99 (list price $99.99) iOttie Easy One Touch 3 (V2.0) Car Mount Universal Phone Holder for iPhone 7 Plus 6s Plus SE Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge S6 Edge Note 5- Retail Packaging- Black for $24.95 (list price $29.95) OfsPower 3Pack 0.5ft 3ft 6ft Nylon Braided 8 Pin Lightning USB Syncing and Charging Cable with Aluminum Connector (Grey) for $8.99 (list price $11.99) Lexar JumpDrive TwistTurn 32GB USB Flash Drive LJDTT32GABNL (Black/Gray) for $7.99 (list price $9.67) Smartphone CD Mount - iKross Universal In-Car CD Slot Mount Cradle Holder For iPhone, Smartphone with 360 Rotation - Black for $11.99 (list price $39.99) Anker Waterproof Case, IPX8-Rated Dry Bag for iPhone 7/7 plus/6s / 6 / 6s Plus/ 6 Plus, Samsung Galaxy S7 / S6 / S6 edge+, Samsung Note Series and Other Smartphones up to 6 Inches for $7.99 (list price $19.99) Dostyle Solar Charger, Portable 15000mAh Solar Battery Charger Dual USB Solar Phone Charger Power Bank Backup Battery with 6 LED Flashlight (Orange) for $17.59 (list price $59.99) TaoTronics Bluetooth Receiver / Car Kit, Portable Wireless Audio Adapter 3.5 mm Stereo Output (Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP, Built-in Microphone) for Home Audio Music Streaming Sound System for $14.49 (list price $24.99) Voeons Mens Watches Big Dial Auto Date Black Stainless steel Strap Watch for $16.99 (list price $24.99) Invicta Men's 15145 Pro Diver Stainless Steel Watch With Black Polyurethane Band for $76.76 (list price $695.00) Seiko Men's SNN241 Stainless Steel Watch with Brown Leather Band for $85.98 (list price $205.00) Stuhrling Original Men's 699.02 Aviator Quartz Day and Date Grey Dial Brown Leather Band Watch for $82.28 (list price $525.00) KITCHEN Clean Dreams Kitchen Sponge Holder by Ototo for $12.40 (list price $14.95) Premium Class Stainless-Steel Kitchen 12 Knife-Set with Acrylic Stand - 8" chef knife, 8" bread knife, 8" carving knife, 5" utility knife, 3.5" paring knife and 4.5" steak knives- By Utopia Kitchen for $39.99 (list price $299.91) BLACK+DECKER TO1303SB 4-Slice Toaster Oven, Stainless Steel/Black for $25.99 (list price $39.99) Wilton Recipe Right Nonstick 12-Cup Regular Muffin Pan for $5.18 (list price $6.29) RTIC 30 oz. Tumbler for $11.99 (list price $59.95) RTIC Coolers 30 oz. Splash Proof Sliding Lock Lid - Clear for (list price $7.57) Starbucks Doubleshot, Espresso + Cream, 6.5 Ounce, 12 Pack for $13.49 (list price $19.00) Imarku Professional 8 Inch Chef's Knife, High Carbon Stainless Steel for $49.99 (list price $199.99) Brita Advanced Replacement Water Filter for Pitchers, 6 Count (Packaging May Vary) for $28.49 (list price $40.99) Neeshow Stainless Steel Baking Tools, Double Boiler Universal Insert (18/8 Steel) for $9.99 (list price $19.99) California Home Goods 3 Compartment Reusable Food Storage Containers with Lids, Microwave and Dishwasher Safe, Bento Lunch Box, Stackable, Set of 10 for $14.95 (list price $26.95) Lodge L12SK3 Pre-Seasoned Cast-Iron Skillet, 13.25-inch for $36.21 (list price $60.00) Top Rated Bellemain Stainless Steel Potato Ricer with 3 Interchangeable Fineness Discs-Full 2-Year Warranty for $16.95 (list price $34.99) KitchenAid KHM512LR 5-Speed Ultra Power Hand Mixer for $47.05 (list price $59.99) Stainless Steel Dough Scraper Chopper - Utopia Kitchen for $8.99 (list price $19.99) Melange Natural Aluminum Commercial Baker's Half Sheet with Non-Stick Silicone Coating, Pack of 2 for $11.43 (list price $28.98) Oster CKSTWF2000 Belgian Waffle Maker, Stainless Steel for $17.86 (list price $23.99) Pasta Strainer Stainless Steel, Best Food Colander 5 Quart, Micro Perforated, Metal, with Handles for $13.99 (list price $34.99) Spiral Slicer Spiralizer Complete Bundle - Vegetable Cutter - Zucchini Pasta Noodle Spaghetti Maker for $7.99 (list price $29.99) Super Kitchen Food Grade Non-stick Silicon Baking Oven Mat Liner For Sheet Pans Cooling Rack 16 By 12 In (1, blue) for $8.99 (list price $25.00) SmartHomes Knife Sharpener Tool - Professional Blade Sharpening Machine Sharpen Blades, Kitchen Serrated Knives System, Scissors for $7.95 (list price $24.95) 12-Pack KEURIG Water Filters - Universal Fit Keurig Filters - Replacement Charcoal Water Filters for Keurig 2.0 (and older) Coffee Machines for $9.95 (list price $30.00) The Ringer - The Original Stainless Steel Cast Iron Cleaner, Patented XL 8x6 inch Design for $14.99 (list price $16.99) A29 Moscow Mule Solid 100 % Pure Copper Unlined Mug / Cup, Set of 4 (16-Ounce/Set of 4, Smooth) with BONUS Shot Glass and Free Recipe Booklet for $39.99 (list price $104.99) Air Fryer by Cozyna, Low Fat Healthy and Multi Cooker with Rapid Air Circulation System, 3.2 L with 2 e-cookbooks Included (over 50 recipes) for $89.50 (list price $179.00) Cuisinart Set of 3 Fine Mesh Stainless Steel Strainers for $11.99 (list price $22.00) Ice Ball Maker Mold, GVDV Easy Release Flexible Silicone Round Spheres Ice Tray - Molds 6 X 4.5cm Round Whiskey Ice Balls (Black) for $7.99 (list price $8.99) Ipow Silicone Cupcake Baking Muffin Cups Liners Molds Sets,24pack for $8.99 (list price $12.35) Contigo SnapSeal Byron Vacuum Insulated Stainless Steel Travel Mug, 20oz, Gunmetal for $10.96 (list price $19.99) Rubbermaid Pan Organizer, Cookware Rack, Black for $17.04 #1 Best Bamboo Cutting Board Set. A Set of 3 Chopping Boards made out of ♻ Eco-friendly ♻ and Natural Bamboo. These Strong Wood Cutting Boards are Light Weight yet Durable by Premium Bamboo for $21.74 (list price $49.99) Ninja Professional Blender 1000 (BL610) for $74.16 (list price $125.99) Ozeri ZK19 Touch III 10 kg Digital Kitchen Scale with Calorie Counter, 22 lb, Black for $23.62 (list price $59.99) Bentgo Ice Lunch Chillers - Ultra-thin Ice Packs (4 Pack - Blue) for $7.99 (list price $14.99) Wine Chiller: BlizeTec 3-in-1 Stainless Steel Wine Bottle Cooler Stick with Aerator and Pourer for $18.98 (list price $36.99) Cuisinart 722-20NS Chef's Classic Stainless Nonstick 8-Inch Open Skillet for $16.19 (list price $55.00) Habor Digital Meat Thermometer 5 Second Instant Read Swiveling Head Cooking Thermometer for Grill for $8.99 (list price $12.99) Totally Bamboo 5-Piece Utensil Set, Includes 100% Bamboo Turner, Slotted Spatula, Spoon, Single Hole Mixing Spoon for $5.99 Hamilton Beach 22811 Keep Warm 2-Slice Toaster for $29.99 (list price $33.99) BeaterBlade KA-6L Metro Design Beater Blade for KitchenAid 6-Quart Bowl Lift Mixer and 5 Plus Series 5Qt Stand Mixers, White for $18.01 (list price $29.99) Alink Simple Drink Straw Cleaning Brush Kit (3 PCS) for $4.94 (list price $9.99) Ice Cube Trays - Giant 2 Inch Ice Cube Flexible Silicone Tray - Large Freezer Whiskey and Cocktail Size for $8.99 (list price $39.99) Nine Stars DZT-50-9 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 13.2-Gallon for $49.00 (list price $82.00) HOME Etekcity Digital Body Weight Scale with Step-On Technology, 400 Pounds, Elegant Black for $19.88 (list price $55.00) Duraflame 625 Firelog (6 Pack), 2.5 lb for $14.88 (list price $21.49) Best Activated Charcoal Odor Absorber and Air Purifier By Sagano - Effective Refrigerator and Closet Deodorizer - Removes Unwanted Odor - Prevents Mold and Bacteria - Lasts up to Two Years for $8.95 (list price $14.95) Epica Extra Thick Non-Slip Area Rug Pad 5 x 8 for any hard Surface Floor, Keeps Your Rugs Safe and in Place for $12.95 (list price $27.95) Sauder Beginnings 3-Shelf Bookcase, Soft White for $29.00 (list price $39.99) ClosetMaid 58657 Cubeicals Fabric Drawer, Gray for $3.74 (list price $8.99) Sterilite 19889804 70 Quart/ 66 Liter Ultra Latch Box, White Lid & Clear Base w/ Latches, 4-Pack for $35.99 (list price $90.00) Sauder Heritage Hill Open Bookcase, Classic Cherry for $102.19 (list price $188.00) Flameless LED Tea Light Candles, Realistic, Battery Powered, Unscented LED Candles, Fake Candles, Tealights (24 Pack) - Divine LEDs for $9.99 (list price $44.00) Zinus Memory Foam 12 Inch Green Tea Mattress, Queen for $289.00  Gray Shag Rug, 5-Feet by 8-Feet, 5x8 Solid & Thick Stain-Resistant Non-Shed Living Room Carpet for $119.00 (list price $599.00) Granite Gold Daily Cleaner GG0029, 24-Ounce for $4.97 (list price $6.99) Home Collection Classic Sateen Stripe 1600 Series 4 Piece Sateen Stripe Sheet Set. (4 Sizes, 9 Colors) for $14.99 (list price $89.99) Household Essentials 35704-1 CedarFresh Storage Accessories (71 Items) for $13.39 (list price $14.99) Lullabi Bedding 100% Ultra Soft Microfiber, Double-side Brushed Finish, Wrinkle, Fade, Stain Resistant, One Fitted Bed Sheet (Twin, Gray) for $12.99 (list price $29.99) Home-it (24 Pack) Natural wood Solid Wood Clothes Hangers, Coat Hanger Wooden Hangers for $22.87 (list price $69.99) Hoover Vacuum Cleaner WindTunnel T-Series Rewind Plus Bagless Lightweight Corded Upright UH70120 for $69.00 (list price $129.99) Queen Comforter Duvet Insert White - Hypoallergenic, Plush Siliconized Fiberfill, Box Stitched, Down Alternative Comforter, Protects Against Dust Mites and Allergens by Utopia Bedding for $38.99 (list price $69.99) Flour-Sack-Towels Dish-Cloth Kitchen-Towels Pure Cotton 12-Pack, 28x28 Inch By Utopia Kitchen for $17.99 (list price $39.99) Ironing Blanket (Grey) (21.75"W x 28.25"L) for $7.98 (list price $9.49) 40"x80" Turkish Spa Large Bath Sheet, Luxury, Eco-friendly 650 Grams (Multiple Colors Available, 40" x 80") for $32.99 (list price $41.96) Danco 9D00010306 Microban Hair Catcher for $4.80 (list price $29.84) Ettore 49036 Grip'n Grab Reach Tool, 32-Inch for $16.37 (list price $26.15) Household Essentials Holiday Ornament Storage Chest for 36-Piece, Red with Green Trim for $16.61 (list price $34.99) iRobot Roomba 650 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $318.99 (list price $374.99) LUCID Premium Hypoallergenic 100% Waterproof Mattress Protector - 15 Year Warranty - Vinyl Free - Queen for $21.99 (list price $39.99) simplehuman Profile Step Trash Can, Stainless Steel, 10 L / 2.6 Gal for $39.99  Whitmor Adjustable Clothes / Garment Rack, Black & Chrome for $12.99 (list price $38.85) Amposei Etched Frosted Opaque Static Cling Window Film Privacy for Kitchen Bathroom 17.7 by 78.7 inches for $10.99 (list price $19.99) Ollieroo 10 Pack Aromatic Moth Protection Repellent Cedar Hang Up with Light Cedar Fragrance Odour Protection for wardrobes Large Size 9.05"x 2.6"x 0.4" for $18.99 (list price $39.99) Pinzon 6-Piece Egyptian Cotton Towel Set - Grey for $21.99 RotoScrub Bathroom Cleaning Drill Accessory Kit for $14.95 Sunbeam Microplush Heated Blanket with ComfortTech Controller, Queen, Slate for $64.01 (list price $89.99) Utopia Bedding Super Plush Gel-Fiber 3D Hollow Siliconized Material Queen size Filled Pillows, Pack of 2 for $25.99 (list price $59.99) BISSELL 1940 PowerFresh Steam Mop, Blue for $83.59 (list price $99.99) AcuRite 00613 Indoor Humidity Monitor for $11.65 (list price $12.99) HEALTH AND BEAUTY Philips Sonicare Essence Sonic Electric Rechargeable Toothbrush, White for $19.97 after on-screen coupon (list price $49.99) EmaxDesign 20 Pieces Makeup Brush Set Professional Face Eye Shadow Eyeliner Foundation Blush Lip Makeup Brushes Powder Liquid Cream Cosmetics Blending Brush Tool for $7.99 (list price $29.99) Braun Series 7 790cc-4 Electric Foil Shaver for Men with Clean and Charge Station, Electric Men's Razor, Razors, Shavers, Cordless Shaving System for $178.00 (list price $289.99) Prilosec OTC Frequent Heartburn Medicine and Acid Reducer Tablets, 42 Count for $22.00 (list price $37.84) Gillette Mach3 Men's Razor Blade Refills 10 Count (packaging may vary) for $11.65 (list price $28.99) Corewill Nail Clippers Set Stainless Steel Personal Manicure & Pedicure Travel & Grooming Kit 12 in 1 for $9.99 (list price $19.99) EFINNY Charcoal Blackhead Remover Deep Cleansing Peel Off Acne Black Mask for $4.99 (list price $15.99) American Crew POMADE FOR HOLD AND SHINE 3 OZ for Men for $10.30 (list price $15.99) Dove Men+Care Body Wash, Extra Fresh 23.5 oz for $5.29 after on-screen coupon (list price $9.19) Philips Norelco Electric Shaver 2100, S1560/81 for $29.95 (list price $39.99) NIVEA Men Original Moisturizing Face Wash 5 Fluid Ounce for $4.62 (list price $24.20) Labo Labo Super Pores Lotion, 100ml for $19.00 (list price $29.99) Aveeno Therapeutic Shave Gel, 7 Oz for $3.83 (list price $9.99) Gillette Venus Embrace Women's Razor Blade Refills 4 Count for $16.04 (list price $20.49) CeraVe Moisturizers, Moisturizing Cream, 1.89 Ounce for $3.51 (list price $5.18) Clean & Clear Oil Absorbing Sheets, 50 Count for $4.47 (list price $10.09) Kenz Laurenz No Crease Elastic Ribbon Ponytail Holders Hair Bands, Prints and Solids, 100 Ties for $12.95 (list price $49.95) Radha Beauty Rosehip Oil - 100% Pure Cold Pressed Certified Organic 4 fl. oz. - BEST moisturizer to heal Dry Skin & Fine Lines - Virgin Rose Hip Seed Oil For Face and Skin for $13.95 (list price $49.99) Aquaphor Advanced Therapy Healing Ointment Skin Protectant 7 Ounce Tube for $7.99 (list price $11.99) Conair 1875 Watt Pro Styler with Ionic Conditioning, Black/Chrome for $17.99 (list price $21.99) Aveeno Active Naturals Stress Relief Foaming Bath, 10 Ounce for $4.04 (list price $10.00) Burt's Bees 100% Natural Moisturizing Lip Balm, Beeswax, 4 Tubes in Blister Box for $8.99 (list price $9.99) L.A. Girl Pro Conceal Set Orange, Yellow, Green Correctors for $8.29 (list price $29.99) EFINNY Anti Aging Wrinkle Firming Moisturizing Skin Face Cream 24K GOLD collagen Liquid for $5.09 (list price $18.99) Aveeno Positively Radiant Skin Brightening Daily Scrub, 5 Oz for $4.80 (list price $7.69) Zeiss Pre-Moistened Lens Cleaning Wipes 200 Ct for $14.00 (list price $25.99) TONYMOLY Tony moly Egg Pore Nose Pack 7 Sheets for $3.90 (list price $7.00) High Endurance Deodorant Long Lasting Stick Fresh by Old Spice, 2.25 Ounce for $4.31 (list price $5.99) Aromatherapy Top 6 Essential Oils 100% Pure & Therapeutic grade - Basic Sampler Gift Set & Premium Kit - 6/10 Ml (Lavender, Tea Tree, Eucalyptus, Lemongrass, Orange, Peppermint) for $15.95 (list price $79.99) Simple Cleansing Facial Wipes, Kind to Skin 25 Count, Twin Pack for $5.83 after on-screen coupon (list price $8.39) Hair Chalk | Metallic Glitter Temporary Hair Color - Edge Chalkers - Lasts up to 3 Days, No Mess, Built in Sealant, 80 Applications Per Stick, Works on All Hair Colors-6 COUNT. for $14.95 (list price $49.99) Aveeno Active Naturals Daily Moisturizing Lotion, 18 Ounce for $5.99 (list price $15.18) Nerdwax | The Original Glasses Wax | As Seen on Shark Tank | Stop Slipping Glasses | 1 Tube for $9.99 (list price $12.99) Natural Charcoal Teeth Whitening, Mint Tooth And Gum Powder, Organic Activated Charcoal and Bentonite Clay Formula for $17.97 (list price $29.99) Sexy Hair Big Sexy Hair Powder Play, 0.53 Ounce for $9.43 (list price $19.99) Organic Anti Acne spot Treatment - The only 100% natural acne scar removal cream for sensitive skin that is 100% Vegan, Gluten-free, Non-GMO made only with botanical ingredients and plant extracts for $13.95 (list price $49.99) OFFICE, SCHOOL, AND CRAFTS Fabric Markers with Permanent Brilliant Colors in Dual-Tipped Markers for Creating Washable Art and Lettering (12 piece) by Creative Joy for $10.99 (list price $19.99) Dainayw Watercolor Brush Pens Set, Soft Flexible Tip, Durable, Create Watercolor Effect - Best for Adult Coloring Books, Manga, Comic, Calligraphy - 20 Colors for $26.90 (list price $35.99) Scotch Multi-Purpose Scissor, 8-Inches (1428) for $2.99 (list price $10.38) Brother CS6000i Feature-Rich Sewing Machine With 60 Built-In Stitches, 7 styles of 1-Step Auto-Size Buttonholes, Quilting Table, and Hard Cover for $144.99 (list price $449.00) ACCO Binder Clips, Medium, 12 Per Box (72050) for $1.09 (list price $3.96) Prismacolor Premier Double-Ended Art Markers, Fine and Brush Tip, 24-Count with Carrying Case for $34.42 (list price $161.46) Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils, Soft Core, 72-Count for $32.88 (list price $147.50) Oxford Ruled Index Cards, 3" x 5", White, 100/Pack (31) for $1.00 (list price $1.79) Pioneer Sewn Bonded Leather BookBound Bi-Directional Photo Album, Holds 300 4x6" Photos, 3 Per Page. Color: Black. for $15.32 (list price $19.99) 3M Adjustable Monitor Stand, Height Adjusts 1-inch to 5 7/8-inch, Holds 80 lbs, 11-inch Space Between Columns, Silver/Black (MS80B) for $21.19 (list price $44.99) Need Computer Desk Office Desk 55" Folding Table Computer Table Workstation, Black for $159.00 (list price $198.00) Scotch Box Sealing Tape Dispenser H180, 2 in for $16.00 (list price $25.50) Expo 2 Low-Odor Dry Erase Markers, Chisel Tip, 16-Pack, Assorted for $11.00 (list price $24.99) Duck Brand Bubble Wrap Original Cushioning, 12-Inches x 150-Feet, Single Roll (284054) for $16.88 (list price $20.99) Sharpie Color Burst Permanent Markers, Ultra Fine Point, Assorted Colors, 24-Count for $15.02 (list price $35.38) Uni-Ball KuruToga 0.5mm Mechanical Pencil Starter Set for $4.84 (list price $6.84) Sharpie Permanent Markers, Ultra Fine Point, Assorted Colors, 24-Count for $10.49 (list price $35.38) Uni-Ball Jetstream Retractable Ball Point Pens, Bold Point, Blue Ink, 3-Count for $7.50 (list price $10.49) Wireless Presenter, Doosl Wireless Presenter, RF 2.4GHz Powerpoint Clicker Presentation Remote Control Pen. for $14.99 (list price $27.90) Koh-I-Noor Progresso Woodless Colored 24-Pencil Set, Assorted Colors (FA8758.24) for $16.07 Smead FasTab® Hanging File Folder, 1/3-Cut Built-In Tab, Letter Size, Assorted Colors, 18 per Box (64054) for $11.88 (list price $16.88) Uni-Ball Jetstream Retractable Ball Point Pens, Fine Point, Black Ink, 2-Count for $8.99 (list price $10.49) Post-it Notes Cube, 1 7/8 in x 1 7/8 in, Green Wave and Canary Wave, 400 Sheets/Cube, 3 Cubes/Pack (2051-3PK) for $5.69 (list price $10.99) Scotch Long Lasting Storage Packaging Tape, 1.88 Inches x 54.6 Yards, 4 Rolls (3650-4) for $8.99 (list price $21.99) OUTDOORS, GARDEN, AND SPORTS Fnova Insulated Stainless Steel Water Bottle, Double Walled Vacuum Flask, Standard Mouth with 3 Caps, BPA-Free, Cold 24 Hrs / Hot 12 Hrs, 35oz for $21.99 (list price $34.74) Mountain House 5 Day Emergency Food Supply for $93.94 (list price $102.49) Ray-Ban RB2132 New Wayfarer Non Polarized Sunglasses,Tortoise frame,Crystal Green lenses,55mm for $81.23 (list price $140.00) Timberland Men's Knit Magic Glove with Touchscreen Technology, Charcoal, One Size for $5.19 (list price $30.00) AcuRite 00850A2 5-Inch Capacity Easy-Read Magnifying Rain Gauge for $3.94 (list price $7.89) Active Sportsman 45-Inch Extra Long Telescoping Marshmallow Roasting Sticks, Pack of 4 for $16.97 (list price $29.97) Kershaw 8750TBLKBW Shuffle II Folding Knife with Tanto Blade and BlackWash Finish, Black for $15.75 (list price $29.99) ABC Pet Sisal Hanging Door Scratching Pad for $6.27 (list price $10.99) SABRE 3-IN-1 Pepper Spray - Advanced Police Strength - Compact Size with Clip, Contains 35 Bursts (5x Other Brands) & 10-Foot (3M) Range for $6.99 (list price $11.99) Asamoom Reflective Stripe 60 MPH Windproof Umbrella, Double Canopy Auto Open Close Waterproof 300T Fabric Compact Travel Automatic Folding Umbrellas for $15.55 (list price $42.98) Kershaw 1600 Chive SpeedSafe Folding Knife for $30.90 (list price $57.50) Kabob Skewers, BearMoo 17'' Stainless Steel Barbecue Skewers 7/20" Flat Superior Metal Grilling Skewers Set - Reusable BBQ Sticks (Set of 10 +1 X Handy Storage) for $13.99 (list price $39.99) Mystical Fire Flame Colorant, 25-Count Pouch Box for $16.68 (list price $25.99) Tactical Hydration Pack Backpacks with 2.5L Bladder for Hiking, Biking, Running, Walking and Climbing (TAN) for $42.99 (list price $59.99) KONG Cozie Marvin the Moose, Medium Dog Toy, Brown for $3.64 (list price $9.49) Chaos Ready 5 in 1 Survival Knife : Ultimate Multipurpose Survival Tool Featuring: Led Flashlight, Glass Breaker, Seatbelt Cutter, Magnesium Fire Starter & Bottle Opener, All in a Folding Tactical Knife for $19.99 (list price $49.99) Camping Towels (2-Pack) - Includes Extra Large Bath Towel, Pack Towel & Mesh Bags - Quick Dry Microfiber, Compact & Multi-Use for $14.99 (list price $39.99) Qedertek Solar Christmas Lights, 19.2 Ft 8 Modes 30 Water Drop LED, Led Fairy Lighting for Garden Decorations, Fence, Patio, Xmas, Wedding, Party and Holiday (Warm White) for $9.99 (list price $24.60) 2wayz Garden Hose Splitter - FULL METAL BODY Y Ball Valve Hose Connector Fits With Outdoor Faucet, Sprinkler & Drip Irrigation Systems. Includes: 10 Rubber Washers + 3 Years Guarantee. for $9.97(list price $19.97) Greenworks 24012 7 Amp Single Speed Electric 160 MPH Blower for $29.98 (list price $49.99) Solar Lights,URPOWER 2-in-1 Waterproof 4 LED Solar Spotlight Adjustable Wall Light Landscape Light Security Lighting Dark Sensing Auto On/Off (2 Pack) for $28.99 (list price $39.99) Landmann 82433 8-Foot Firewood Log Rack Only for $40.99 (list price $59.99) [4 Pack] LED Camping Lantern Flashlights - Hurricane Emergency Tent Light - Backpacking, Hiking, Fishing, & Outdoor Lighting Bug Out Bag Camping Equipment | Portable, Compact, & Water Resistant Gift for $22.99 (list price $69.99) ELECTRONICS All-New Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote | Streaming Media Player for $39.99  SystemWorks EM1000 52 PC Microscope Set with Carrying Case for $27.99 (list price $39.99) NETGEAR ProSAFE JGS524NA 24-Port Gigabit Rackmount Switch 10/100/1000 Mbps (JGS524NA) for $99.99 after rebate (list price $335.00) Fire HD 6 Tablet, 6" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 8 GB - Includes Special Offers, Black for $69.99 (list price $99.99) Roku Streaming Stick (3600R) (2016 Model) for $39.99 (list price $49.99) All-New Fire HD 8 Tablet, 8" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 32 GB - Includes Special Offers, Black for $119.99  NETGEAR Nighthawk AC1900 Dual Band Wi-Fi Gigabit Router (R7000) with Open Source Support for $179.00 (list price $249.99) Belkin 3-Outlet Wall Mount Cradle Surge Protector with Dual USB Charging Ports (2.4 Amp Total), BSV300ttCW for $22.95 (list price $29.99) Livescribe 2GB Echo Smartpen for $119.99 (list price $129.99) Arvok 17 17.3 Inch Water-resistant Neoprene Laptop Sleeve/Notebook Computer Pocket Case/Tablet Briefcase Carrying Bag/Pouch Skin Cover For Acer/Asus/Dell/Fujitsu/Lenovo/HP/Samsung/Sony/Toshiba(Black) for $11.99 (list price $49.99) nonda USB-C to USB 3.0 Mini Adapter [World's Smallest] Aluminum Body with Indicator LED for MacBook 12-inch and other Type-C Devices (Space Gray) for $10.99 (list price $15.99) TP-Link AC750 Dual Band Wi-Fi Range Extender (RE200) for $24.99 (list price $69.99) All-New Echo Dot (2nd Generation) - Black for $49.99  CyberPower TRVL918 Travel Surge Protector with 3-Outlets, 2 USB Charging Ports, Flip Out Plug for $9.48 (list price $16.95) TOOLS Bosch CLPK27-120 12-Volt Max Lithium-Ion 2-Tool Combo Kit (Drill/Driver and Impact Driver) with 2 Batteries, Charger and Case for $134.00 after instant savings at checkout (list price $373.00) Black & Decker BDERO100 Random Orbit Sander, 5-Inch for $27.99 (list price $57.66) WEN 2305 Rotary Tool Kit with Flex Shaft for $22.83 (list price $69.99) MagnoGrip 311-090 Magnetic Wristband for $13.42 (list price $20.00) LE 5 Pack Mini LED Keychain Flashlight, Battery Powered Flashlight, Key Chain Flashlights, Torch Light, Black for $9.99  Irwin Industrial Tools 2078108 8-Inch GrooveLock Pliers for $8.30 (list price $20.64) Coast G20 LED Inspection Beam Flashlight for $10.97 (list price $18.00) IRWIN Tools 9-in-1 Multi-Tool Screwdriver (2051100) for $8.64 (list price $16.15) SE 8036TM-NEW 30-Inch Telescoping Magnetic Pick-Up Tool with 15-lb. Pull Capacity for $5.99 (list price $12.99) DEWALT DCK285C2 20-Volt MAX Li-Ion Compact 1.5 Ah Hammer Drill and Impact Combo Kit for $199.00 (list price $299.00) IRWIN Tools VISE-GRIP Pliers Set, 5-Piece Traditional with Tool Wrap (2078708) for $40.40 (list price $80.80) Hydroluxe Full-Chrome 24 Function Ultra-Luxury 3-way 2 in 1 Shower-Head /Handheld-Shower Combo for $23.99 (list price $43.18) Kidde FA110 Multi Purpose Fire Extinguisher 1A10BC, 1 Pack for $18.98 (list price $42.99) 3M WorkTunes Hearing Protector, MP3 Compatible with AM/FM Tuner (90541-4DC) for $33.75 (list price $69.99) Duck Brand 281506 Indoor 10-Window Shrink Film Insulator Kit, 62-Inch x 420-Inch for $10.94 (list price $20.31) VonHaus Steel Folding Portable 3 Step Ladder with 330lbs Capacity for $42.95 (list price $59.99) RamPro Total Furniture Repair System - 12Pc Scratch Restore & Repair Touch-Up Kit - Felt Tip Markers, Wax Stick Crayons. for $7.89 (list price $14.99) Onite USB LED Light for Camping, Children Bed Lamp, Portable USB LED Bulb, Emergency Light, Cord Comes with Switch, warmwhite for $16.99 (list price $21.99) Command BATH31-SN-ES Shower Caddy, Satin Nickel, 1-Caddy, 1-Prep Wipe, 4- Large Water-Resistant Strips for $10.41 (list price $24.63) Chamberlain CLLP1 Laser Parking Assist for $16.68 (list price $19.99) Duck Brand 284428 Double Draft Complete Door Seal Set, 2-Count for $12.88 (list price $25.99) GYY Super Bright Headlamp Headlight Flashlight 4 Modes 3 CREE T6 LED Light Torches with 18650 Rechargeable Batteries and Charger for $23.99 (list price $59.99) IRWIN Tools VISE-GRIP Slip Joint Pliers, 8-Inch (2078408) for $6.00 (list price $9.90) DEWALT DWARA100 Right Angle Attachment for $17.99 (list price $35.76) IRWIN VISE-GRIP GrooveLock Pliers, V-Jaw, 10" (2078110) for $14.71 (list price $24.78) Tools of Life Car Hammer Seatbelt Cutter Window Breaker Emergency Escape Tool for $3.39 (list price $22.95) Coast HP1 Focusing 190 Lumen LED Flashlight for $9.46  (list price $20.30) IRWIN VISE-GRIP North American Lineman's Pliers, 9-1/2", 2078209 for $11.00 (list price $22.10) Buffalo Tools BUNGEE20 Bungee Cord Set - 20 Piece for $11.50  Digital Tire Pressure Gauge, Lantoo 150PSI with 5 In 1 Rescue Tools of LED Flashlight,Car Window Breaker, Seatbelt Cutter,Red Safety Light and Tire Gauge for Car,Motorcycle for $12.95 (list price $27.99) Infrared thermometer Janisa PM6530B Non Contact Digital Laser Thermometer Temperature Gun Circle Color Display -50℃ to 550℃ With 12 Point Aperture Temperature Alarm Function for $26.31 (list price $66.32) November 6, 2016 - 9:30am Amazon Product Id:  B00PLLCAVK Share View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss Look Up Tonight! The Super Beaver Moon Is Here 8 Memorable Comics Screw-Ups 10 Natural Landmarks That No Longer Exist POPULAR ON mental_floss A More Accurate World Map Wins Prestigious Japanese Design Award This Week's Best Amazon Deals You Can Still Get Is This the Most Mysterious Grave in Virginia? POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Things We No Longer See at Airports 10 Fascinating Facts About Ravens The Bizarre Lead Mask Deaths of 1966 POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Deleted Scenes That Explain Major Movie Plot Holes 12 Famous Artists With Synesthesia Why Ulysses S. Grant's Wife Always Posed in Profile POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah Facts About 'Song of the South' This Video of a Baby Polar Bear Dreaming is the Cutest Thing You'll See Today The Most Impressive Thing About All 50 States POPULAR ON mental_floss Watch These Marbles Race on a Wet Track What's Happening With Europe's Weather? What’s the Difference Between Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr.? NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.

Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Analysts have no idea if smartwatches are dying or not Chris Mills BGR NewsNovember 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Gather round children, for I have a tale of two analytics companies. One says that smartwatch shipments plummeted by over 50 percent last year, while the other claims that sales are up by 60 percent in the same time period. All is not well in the land of spreadsheets. Last week, an IDC report claimed that smartwatch shipments had gone down by 50 percent over the last year. A lot of the drop in shipments was due to a 70 percent decrease in Apple Watch sales, likely due to the impending Apple Watch 2 announcement. But in a report issued this week, rival firm Canalys has Apple's market share up, Samsung in a firm second place (much better than IDC), and Fitbit rounding out the top three. DON'T MISS: All the best Black Friday deals we’ve seen so far Overall, Canalys has the market for smartwatches up by 60 percent. The biggest difference is Samsung's second place in the Canalys report, with 18 percent market share. In IDC's table, Samsung is on 14 percent and Garmin is up to 20. Fitbit doesn't even feature on IDC's report, but it's at 17 percent in Canalys's numbers. I think I have some idea of what's going on here. Canalys has a broader definition of the smartwatch market that includes more fitness-band style devices. It may also be better at researching freebie bundles, where smartwatches of some kind are given away with a phone when buying a cell contract. Samsung is particularly partial to doing that, which would explain Samsung's higher-placed finished. But even so, methodology differences wouldn't explain a shift from a 50 percent decrease to a 60 percent increase. Predicting markets, especially those in their first few years of growth, is always tricky. Without better data, we will continue to have no idea if smartwatches are the next big thing or last year's flop. Trending right now: Kohl’s Black Friday 2016 ad just leaked: Apple Watch deals and more discounted gadgets Apple won’t be updating the iPhone SE in early 2017, report claims The best MacBook Pro alternatives now that Apple ruined everything See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Tonight’s supermoon will be the most spectacular so far BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Tim Cook laid out the playbook for Apple's next big thing Kif Leswing Nov. 6, 2016, 8:30 AM 64,434 facebook linkedin twitter email print Not a real photo of Apple CEO Tim Cook. Photoshop by Jillian D'Onfro. AP / Matthew Sumner for Getty Images Apple is the most valuable company in the world, and it makes a lot of profit, but its long-term future depends on it coming up with a new product, a new "one more thing." The Apple Watch, which has been selling poorly for Apple, isn't going to do it. Apple needs a new platform. And Apple CEO Tim Cook knows it. That's why he's been dropping hint after hint that Apple's next major technology initiative is augmented reality — basically, integrating software into the real world.  What is AR? Microsoft "It is a visual technology that interprets the world for you," Research Vice President at Gartner Brian Blau told Business Insider. "If you think about augmented reality in that sense, it could be the next big grand computing platform. That has been the long-term promise."  AR is a close cousin of virtual reality. For now, augmented reality means you can hold up your phone and, for example, identify landmarks, discover a hidden Pokemon, or magically translate signs using your device's camera.  The end game of augmented reality is a pair of computer glasses or perhaps a contact lens that can superimpose computer graphics into the real world seamlessly. Apple CEO Tim Cook has talked about augmented reality essentially every time he's been called on to make public remarks recently.  "This is something you know it's coming," Piper Jaffray managing director Gene Munster told Business Insider. "The only other times they've talked like this is before the iPhone came out, they started to indicate they could do something in the phone market. Before the Apple Watch came out they talked about wearables and the wrist being a better option." "It's pretty rare that Apple has been this clear that something is coming," Munster said.  If you parse Cook's most recent comments on AR, given at an event in Utah in October, he seems to lay out Apple's strategy for attacking this market, according to analysts and people in the AR industry.  'Three meals a day' Cook said about AR: "It will be enabled in the operating systems first, because it’s a precursor for that to happen for there to be mass adoption of it. I’d look for that to happen in the not-too-distant future. In terms of it becoming a mass adoption [phenomenon], so that, say, everyone in here would have an AR experience, the reality to do that, it has to be something that everyone in here views to be an 'acceptable thing.' ... I do think that a significant portion of the population of developed countries, and eventually all countries, will have AR experiences every day, almost like eating three meals a day, it will become that much a part of you, a lot of us live on our smartphones, the iPhone, I hope, is very important for everyone, so AR will become really big. ... AR is going to take a while, because there are some really hard technology challenges there." Here's what Cook is signaling:  Adding key AR building blocks, like the ability for a camera to identify objects, into iPhone software and Apple apps in the near future.  Adding AR-specific hardware to the iPhone, like a 3D sensor. This could come from Primesense, a company Apple bought in 2013, and would allow the device to understand its surroundings even better than a basic camera.  Opening up the platform to developers, so that programmers can make augmented reality apps without dealing with the complicated computer vision and physics algorithms currently being developed by people at Apple and other companies with Ph.Ds. Releasing an AR-specific product, perhaps a pair of glasses, when the technology is ready. It will be able to take advantage of all the AR apps already developed for iPhone.  "AR is related to all Apple’s current businesses; the key is that AR is an innovative human-machine interface that could be used in various devices & applications," KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo wrote in a note distributed to clients last week seen by Business Insider. "All of Apple’s past successes were related to human-machine interfaces." 'Enabled in operating system first' "We believe Apple could embed early AR features in iOS 11," the version of iOS expected to be unveiled next June, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich wrote last week in a note distributed to clients. There are already signs that Apple has experimented with integrating some headset-related features into its iOS operating system. In 2015, it purchased Metaio, a company that had developed a mobile AR browser as well as a whole suite of AR tools.  Last month, developer Steve Troughton-Smith uncovered some interesting features currently included in Apple's iOS.  Apple should ape HoloLens; app platforms are their thing — leave VR to others. This has been in SceneKit since iOS 9 pic.twitter.com/kArfYIIHDI — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) September 15, 2016  These features seem to have been abandoned for the time being, Troughton-Smith told Business Insider.  "I think the kind of VR you build for something dumb and simplistic like Google Cardboard is very different from what real VR needs. I imagine they got to the point where they realized they were going down the wrong path if they want to do this seriously," Troughton-Smith said.  @stroughtonsmith Right eye renders fine on iOS 9! pic.twitter.com/xau7Bwq3pS — saniul (@saniul) September 17, 2016 This isn't the first time that Apple has built an augmented reality application that has yet to see the light of day. 9to5Mac reported last year that the company had been experimenting with a feature in Apple Maps, based out of the Points of Interest system, that would show an augmented reality view for local listings.  "The augmented reality feature allows a user to hold up her iPhone in the Maps application, and point her camera toward a particular business or an area. Pointed towards a cafe, for example, the screen could show a virtual view of menu items or daily specials," 9to5Mac reported.  Apple is also reportedly working on a Snapchat-style messaging app that could use augmented reality technology to apply filters or manipulate faces in real-time.  "We expect Apple to generate preliminary results for AR in the next 1-2 years at the earliest and working with iPhone may be the first step," Kuo wrote.  'A lot of us live on our smartphones' Lenovo "There are two phases to this: the phone is becoming a better AR device and that's probably what Apple's going to do over the next five years," Munster said. "They're going to start to make it more clear that the iPhone is an AR platform, then it's up to developers to create experiences." "Our best guess is next year, AR is going to be one of the selling points," Munster said.  The next step would be to add depth-sensing capabilities to the iPhone. Depth-sensing is critical for AR — if the computer can tell how far away something is, it's much easier to manipulate on a screen.  Apple purchased PrimeSense, a 3D-sensing company based in Tel Aviv, Israel, in 2013. Many of Apple's chip designing operations are based in Israel. PrimeSense technology, specifically its 3D sensor, has yet to appear as part of an iPhone.  But Apple did hint at AR-specific hardware with the iPhone 7 Plus.  The iPhone 7 Plus has a dual-lens camera. Basically, the two lenses can act like a pair of eyes, and with some math and triangulation, can give some rough distance estimations. But there are issues with the lenses currently on the iPhone 7 Plus.  Experts say that the lenses are too close to each other to do much useful depth sensing. Imagine if there was no distance between your eyes, for example.  Fast Company talked to a developer who thinks the max distance that it could accurately identify distance is perhaps 50 centimeters — or slightly farther than you typically hold your smartphone away from your face.  Developers are already eager to make AR apps for the iPhone — as soon as Apple releases an AR platform, say, ARKit, there will be a slew of new apps and experiments.  Lenovo launched a phone this week that includes a 3D sensor using Google's technology.  'There are some really hard technology challenges there' The next step would be to make a pair of glasses, but the timeline here is completely uncertain. "The future of AR is a wearable, but that's probably 5 years down the road," Munster said. Some glasses are already on the market — Microsoft sells a version of its Hololens AR headset to developers already, and it will go on sale to consumers in the next two years. Magic Leap, a Google-backed startup with $1.39 billion in venture funding, is also gearing up to launch a product in the next year or two. Apple has been designing headsets in its prototype labs, according to the Financial Times.  Apple is rarely an early adopter, though. And there are several issues with headsets as they currently exist: They're significantly heavier than modern glasses. It's difficult to integrate a battery into a pair of glasses without getting chunky. Magic Leap's prototype has a cord attached to a battery pack, for example. Currently available AR optics have issues with resolution, color, and field of view. Headsets are more difficult to store and less portable than something compact like a cell phone. There's still the big question of whether society will accept head-worn devices.  But why?  File photo of a Microsoft employee demonstrating HoloLens during the Microsoft Build 2016 Developers Conference in San Francisco Thomson Reuters It's hard to see why Apple would want to bet the future of its company on a new kind of technology that might not ever catch on. Bank of America Merrill Lynch estimates that AR could have 75% of a $90-$117 billion market by 2020, although that seems bullish. It's easier to see what Apple's competitors see in the field. Microsoft launched a new computer last month, but instead of focusing on Windows, it spent a lot of time talking about 3D modeling and its Hololens product.  Microsoft missed the boat on mobile. Apple took over 100% of the profit in the smartphone sector this past quarter. So if it wants to become a major platform player again, it needs to find the next one. Smart people think it's going to be AR, even though the market is only nascent. "Today, Microsoft is focusing on business applications with Hololens, and that is not what Apple focuses on," Blau said. "They really only ever focus on consumer technology for everyone."  "If Apple does anything, it is going to be an every-person's technology," Blau said. What makes Apple a special company in Silicon Valley is it can design both the unique hardware and software for the project, and it remains one of the best companies at user interface and design. If it were to launch consumer AR based on that, it would be ahead of nearly every other major tech company in this space.  If Apple nails this transition, it could continue to be the world's most valuable company for years to come. If it doesn't, Apple becomes a less exciting company, Cook suddenly starts to look a lot like former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer — a caretaker who missed the boat on the next big computer platform.  Email the author at kleswing@businessinsider.com. Alex Heath contributed reporting. NOW WATCH: Scientists have discovered why American honey bees are turning into zombies Loading video... More: Apple AR Apple AR Magic Leap HoloLens facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Tim Cook laid out the playbook for Apple's next big thing Tim Cook laid out the playbook for Apple's next big thing Apple is the most valuable company in the... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Apple slashes prices of USB-C adapters for MacBook Pro The tech giant has responded to backlash and says it knows users "face a transition" moving to all USB-C connectors. Sarah Tew/CNET Apple slashes prices of USB-C adapters for MacBook Pro 0 Share: Computer Accessories by Shara Tibken November 4, 2016 1:01 PM PDT @sharatibken Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Enlarge Image Phil Schiller, Apple's head of marketing, described how the USB-C ports on the MacBook Pro can do the functions many other connectors performed in the past -- if you have an adapter. Photo by James Martin/CNET Those MacBook Pro dongles are now a lot cheaper. Apple on Friday cut the pricing for connectors for its MacBook Pro. The offer will run through the end of the year. Apple also lowered the price of the new LG displays announced last week by 25 percent. The LG UltraFine 5K display, will cost $974 when it becomes available in December, while the LG UltraFine 4K display will cost $524 through the end of the year. The new MacBook Pros, unveiled last week, removed the traditional USB and other ports in favor of USB-C. The move angered many power users and meant that people had to buy dongles to use their old equipment -- or even to plug their iPhone 7s into the new MacBooks. The MacBook Pro update, which also adds a Touch Bar instead of a touchscreen, was the first major design change made by Apple in over four years. Many creative professionals have long favored Macs for work, but Apple's changes to make its devices thinner and lighter by ditching traditional connectors could cause it to lose some customers. See also Does the Mac still matter? The iPad and Mac aren't merging. Get over it MacBook Pro accessories you're going to want to check out now Apple has lowered pricing for dongles by as much as 52 percent, in the case of the USB-C to traditional USB adapter. That item previously retailed for $19 but now costs $9. Its priciest connectors, the USB-C VGA multiport adapter and the USB-C digital AV multiport adapter, were cut to $49 from $69. Apple said it will not include USB-C power adapters or the USB-C charge cable in the offer. "We recognize that many users, especially pros, rely on legacy connectors to get work done today and they face a transition," Apple said in a statement. "We want to help them move to the latest technology and peripherals, as well as accelerate the growth of this new ecosystem. Through the end of the year, we are reducing prices on all USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 peripherals we sell, as well as the prices on Apple's USB-C adapters and cables." Here are the full pricing details. For Apple branded adapters: USB-C to USB Adapter from $19 to $9 Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2 Adapter from $49 to $29 USB-C to Lightning Cable (1m) from $25 to $19 USB-C to Lightning Cable (2m) from $35 to $29 USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter from $69 to $49 USB-C VGA Multiport Adapter from $69 to $49 For third-party adapters and peripherals: SanDisk Extreme Pro SD UHS-II Card USB-C Reader from $49 to $29 All other third party USB-C peripherals about 25 percent off (that includes the LG displays) 60 Apple MacBook Pro swaps outdated function keys for Touch Bar Update at 3:30 p.m. PT: Adds info about LG display pricing. Tags Apple Computer Accessories Computers MacOS LG Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 14 Comedian Bill Maher introduces Apple's stunning new gun Nov 14 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: Second-screen dream machine Nov 14 Microsoft Visual Studio is coming to Mac, kinda Nov 14 Apple Pay taps into charitable donations All Apple Stories Related Stories Turn your voice into solid gold with this 3D-printed ring Windows-compatible VR headsets are coming from Acer, Lenovo and others, starting at $299 CNET giveaway: Water-resistant SanDisk portable solid-state drive Are these the new Pixel Phone and Chromecast coming next week? Close   Discuss: Apple slashes prices of USB-C adapters for... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover Try $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover Try See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition November 18 How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory The Role Gender Played in the Presidential Election How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory How Donald Trump Surfed Public Anger to the Presidency View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out Tech & Science New MacBook Pros Will Soon Be One Step Behind By Ashraf Eassa On 11/6/16 at 8:00 AM Close Tech & Science Macbook Apple This article originally appeared on the Motley Fool. Apple introduced three new MacBook Pro computers on Oct. 27: a premium 15-inch model with an OLED Touch Bar, a premium 13-inch model with an OLED Touch Bar, and a 13-inch model without the OLED Touch Bar. The systems offer several nice improvements over the prior-generation 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros, ranging from improved displays and faster processors to sleeker industrial design. Try Newsweek for only $1.25 per week Apple has built a great set of machines here, and I suspect that the new models will do very well in the marketplace. Nevertheless, there is one fly in the proverbial ointment with these new machines that needs to be discussed. Both the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro models use high-end Intel sixth-generation Core processors. The 13-inch MacBook Pro systems utilize dual-core Core i5 and Core i7 processors with Intel's premium Iris graphics, while the 15-inch models use quad-core Core i7 processors with lower-end vanilla Intel HD Graphics (though for graphics-intensive tasks, Apple has included more powerful stand-alone graphics chips in these systems). As of this writing, Apple's new MacBook Pros have some of the fastest notebook processors available on the planet. Unfortunately, though, these chips have been available for about a year now, and Intel will have more powerful notebook processors available in early 2017. Why did Apple choose older processors? The reality of the situation is that Apple launches its Mac systems—particularly the MacBooks—on its own schedule, rather than based on Intel's schedule. Apple likely wasn't ready to launch these new MacBook Pro systems when Intel's sixth-generation Core processors came out, so it simply had to wait until the system hardware and software were ready. The latest Apple Macbook Pro is expected to feature a 'Magic Toolbar' panel above the keyboard. Apple Now, Apple could conceivably have waited until Intel released its new seventh-generation Core processors in January (pushing out the MacBook Pro launch by a couple of months), but the company probably didn't want to hold off on releasing these long-overdue updates to its MacBook Pro line any longer than it had to. Furthermore, the differences between the sixth-generation and seventh-generation Core processors don't amount to that much; the seventh-generation Core chips can run at higher speeds for a given power envelope, and they have slightly enhanced media playback capabilities. Nevertheless, since Apple's MacBook Pro systems are marketed as premium products, it's probably going to come as a disappointment to some that soon they will be using one-generation-old processor technologies. Can Apple's Mac get back up to speed? Apple could conceivably update the processors inside of the new MacBook Pro models to incorporate Intel's newer seventh-generation Core processors early next year. The new processors should be pin-compatible with the current sixth-generation Core processors (meaning that the chips can be placed into the same systems without hardware modification), so upgrading the systems from sixth-generation Core to seventh-generation Core wouldn't be too difficult. Related Stories Is a 'Magic Toolbar' Coming to the Next MacBook? Four Ultra-Thin Laptops to Consider Buying Even if Apple doesn't do this, there's a pretty simple way for Apple to get back on track—skip the seventh-generation Core processors altogether. Intel's eighth-generation Core processors—which should bring significant performance/feature gains over the seventh-generation Core chips—should be available for notebooks during the second quarter of 2018, per a recent leak that's been circulating on the Web. Apple could just keep selling the recently released MacBook Pro systems until around May of 2018, at which point the company could release updated versions with Intel's new eighth-generation Core processors. Problem solved. 10 stocks we like better than Apple When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market. David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the  ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right—they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read © 2016 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe November 11 Issue Budweiser's Battle for Beer Market Dominance The Hacker’s Pearl Harbor The Cow Defense October 28 Issue Colorado Springs Teens Keep Killing Themselves Experts Suspect New Dead Sea Scroll Fragments Are Fake Donald the Destroyer October 21 Issue Swipe for Safer Sex Roosh V: From Pickup Artist to Right-Wing Provocateur The New ISIS Crisis October 14 Issue How the Chicago Marathon Will Keep Track of Millions The Black Panthers, 50 Years Later Trump Foundation Ordered to Halt Fundraising Browse Archives
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Chess Grandmaster Harikrishna enters top 10 in rankings Business Standard Himachal growers celebrate 100 years of growing apples IANS  |  Kotgarh (Himachal Pradesh)  November 6, 2016 Last Updated at 17:28 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJ94Zn Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Himachal has improved indicators for 'ease of doing biz' Anupam Kher honoured to meet Himachal Pradesh Governor Tallest national flag in Himachal Pradesh at Dalhousie Public School Hydro Policy Amended in Himachal Pradesh to Improve Cash Flows for Developers Rain continues to lash parts of Himachal Pradesh Apple growers in Himachal Pradesh on Sunday celebrated a hundred years of fruitful efforts of cultivating delicious and luscious varieties of the fruit in the state, while the state government did not mark the centenary. The fruit's cultivation in Himachal Pradesh, with more than 90 per cent of the produce going to the domestic market, has brought prosperity to the cultivators over the past half century, say experts. 'The apple growers of Kotgarh and its nearby areas celebrated 100 successful years of apple cultivation at a function,' cultivator and gram panchayat head Amar Singh Nalwa told IANS. He said the first apple orchard in the state was planted in Kotgarh in Thanedar panchayat, some 85 km from Shimla, on this day in 1916 and that had helped Kotgarh to progress economically, socially and also marked its presence on the global map. Nalwa, the brain behind the function, said it was organised at the initiative of the local growers and there was no celebration from the government. State's apple boom is credited to Samuel Evans Stokes (later named Satyanand Stokes), an American missionary who first introduced the high-quality apples in the mid-altitude hills. From a small orchard in Kotgarh, Stokes promoted the apple cultivation in other areas too, especially in upper Shimla that currently alone accounts for 80 per cent of state's total apple production. Since then the hill state has been synonymous with apples that alone constitute 89 per cent of the state's fruit economy of Rs 3,500 crore ($520 million). Stokes's daughter-in-law and Horticulture Minister Vidya Stokes is now managing the family's orchard located here. She attended the function, which also saw a photo exhibition on Satyanand Stokes' life as a local apple cultivator. Apple grower Vinod Chauhan of Banot village in the Kotgarh area said Satyanand Stokes, who came to India as a missionary in 1905 during the Kangra earthquake, later decided to settle in Kotgarh. He had purchased a huge chunk of land where he planted apple rootstocks brought from the US. Before opting for apple cultivation, the locals were planting mainly wheat, maize and pulses. 'Initially the locals were doubtful about the success of apple cultivation in the area. Seeing the success in the orchard of Stokes, some of the locals opted its cultivation in the early 1930s,' said Chauhan, whose fifth generation is also settled in Kotgarh. By 1960s, he said, the entire region bloomed with apple cultivation and that mainly brought unprecedented prosperity. Currently, the Kotgarh-Thanedar area is among those with the highest per capita income in Southeast Asia. The locals have diversified the apple crop by growing cherries, apricots, almonds and nectarines. Besides Shimla, most of the apple cultivation is concentrated in the districts of Kullu, Mandi, Lahaul and Spiti, Kinnaur and Chamba. Surveys of the state horticulture department show the productivity of apple ranges from 6 to 11.5 tonnes per hectare in the state, in comparison to 35 to 40 tonnes per hectare in more advanced countries. The area under apple cultivation in Himachal Pradesh has increased from 3,025 hectares in 1960-61 to 109,553 hectares in 2014-15, which constitutes more than 49 per cent of the total area under fruit cultivation. --IANS vg/vgu/vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Himachal Pradesh | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Himachal growers celebrate 100 years of growing apples Apple growers in Himachal Pradesh on Sunday celebrated a hundred years of fruitful efforts of cultivating delicious and luscious varieties of the fruit in the state, while the state government did not mark the centenary. Apple growers in Himachal Pradesh on Sunday celebrated a hundred years of fruitful efforts of cultivating delicious and luscious varieties of the fruit in the state, while the state government did not mark the centenary. The fruit's cultivation in Himachal Pradesh, with more than 90 per cent of the produce going to the domestic market, has brought prosperity to the cultivators over the past half century, say experts. 'The apple growers of Kotgarh and its nearby areas celebrated 100 successful years of apple cultivation at a function,' cultivator and gram panchayat head Amar Singh Nalwa told IANS. He said the first apple orchard in the state was planted in Kotgarh in Thanedar panchayat, some 85 km from Shimla, on this day in 1916 and that had helped Kotgarh to progress economically, socially and also marked its presence on the global map. Nalwa, the brain behind the function, said it was organised at the initiative of the local growers and there was no celebration from the government. State's apple boom is credited to Samuel Evans Stokes (later named Satyanand Stokes), an American missionary who first introduced the high-quality apples in the mid-altitude hills. From a small orchard in Kotgarh, Stokes promoted the apple cultivation in other areas too, especially in upper Shimla that currently alone accounts for 80 per cent of state's total apple production. Since then the hill state has been synonymous with apples that alone constitute 89 per cent of the state's fruit economy of Rs 3,500 crore ($520 million). Stokes's daughter-in-law and Horticulture Minister Vidya Stokes is now managing the family's orchard located here. She attended the function, which also saw a photo exhibition on Satyanand Stokes' life as a local apple cultivator. Apple grower Vinod Chauhan of Banot village in the Kotgarh area said Satyanand Stokes, who came to India as a missionary in 1905 during the Kangra earthquake, later decided to settle in Kotgarh. He had purchased a huge chunk of land where he planted apple rootstocks brought from the US. Before opting for apple cultivation, the locals were planting mainly wheat, maize and pulses. 'Initially the locals were doubtful about the success of apple cultivation in the area. Seeing the success in the orchard of Stokes, some of the locals opted its cultivation in the early 1930s,' said Chauhan, whose fifth generation is also settled in Kotgarh. By 1960s, he said, the entire region bloomed with apple cultivation and that mainly brought unprecedented prosperity. Currently, the Kotgarh-Thanedar area is among those with the highest per capita income in Southeast Asia. The locals have diversified the apple crop by growing cherries, apricots, almonds and nectarines. Besides Shimla, most of the apple cultivation is concentrated in the districts of Kullu, Mandi, Lahaul and Spiti, Kinnaur and Chamba. Surveys of the state horticulture department show the productivity of apple ranges from 6 to 11.5 tonnes per hectare in the state, in comparison to 35 to 40 tonnes per hectare in more advanced countries. The area under apple cultivation in Himachal Pradesh has increased from 3,025 hectares in 1960-61 to 109,553 hectares in 2014-15, which constitutes more than 49 per cent of the total area under fruit cultivation. --IANS vg/vgu/vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Himachal growers celebrate 100 years of growing apples Apple growers in Himachal Pradesh on Sunday celebrated a hundred years of fruitful efforts of cultivating delicious and luscious varieties of the fruit in the state, while the state government did not mark the centenary. The fruit's cultivation in Himachal Pradesh, with more than 90 per cent of the produce going to the domestic market, has brought prosperity to the cultivators over the past half century, say experts. 'The apple growers of Kotgarh and its nearby areas celebrated 100 successful years of apple cultivation at a function,' cultivator and gram panchayat head Amar Singh Nalwa told IANS. He said the first apple orchard in the state was planted in Kotgarh in Thanedar panchayat, some 85 km from Shimla, on this day in 1916 and that had helped Kotgarh to progress economically, socially and also marked its presence on the global map. Nalwa, the brain behind the function, said it was organised at the initiative of the local growers and there was no celebration from the government. State's apple boom is credited to Samuel Evans Stokes (later named Satyanand Stokes), an American missionary who first introduced the high-quality apples in the mid-altitude hills. From a small orchard in Kotgarh, Stokes promoted the apple cultivation in other areas too, especially in upper Shimla that currently alone accounts for 80 per cent of state's total apple production. Since then the hill state has been synonymous with apples that alone constitute 89 per cent of the state's fruit economy of Rs 3,500 crore ($520 million). Stokes's daughter-in-law and Horticulture Minister Vidya Stokes is now managing the family's orchard located here. She attended the function, which also saw a photo exhibition on Satyanand Stokes' life as a local apple cultivator. Apple grower Vinod Chauhan of Banot village in the Kotgarh area said Satyanand Stokes, who came to India as a missionary in 1905 during the Kangra earthquake, later decided to settle in Kotgarh. He had purchased a huge chunk of land where he planted apple rootstocks brought from the US. Before opting for apple cultivation, the locals were planting mainly wheat, maize and pulses. 'Initially the locals were doubtful about the success of apple cultivation in the area. Seeing the success in the orchard of Stokes, some of the locals opted its cultivation in the early 1930s,' said Chauhan, whose fifth generation is also settled in Kotgarh. By 1960s, he said, the entire region bloomed with apple cultivation and that mainly brought unprecedented prosperity. Currently, the Kotgarh-Thanedar area is among those with the highest per capita income in Southeast Asia. The locals have diversified the apple crop by growing cherries, apricots, almonds and nectarines. Besides Shimla, most of the apple cultivation is concentrated in the districts of Kullu, Mandi, Lahaul and Spiti, Kinnaur and Chamba. Surveys of the state horticulture department show the productivity of apple ranges from 6 to 11.5 tonnes per hectare in the state, in comparison to 35 to 40 tonnes per hectare in more advanced countries. The area under apple cultivation in Himachal Pradesh has increased from 3,025 hectares in 1960-61 to 109,553 hectares in 2014-15, which constitutes more than 49 per cent of the total area under fruit cultivation. --IANS vg/vgu/vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Register Now Existing Canindia User login Forgot Password? Close it EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER ADVERTISE CONTACT CAREERS WHAT IS CI REWARDS? EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Home India Himachal growers celebrate 100 years of growing apples November 6th, 2016 CanIndia New Wire Service 0 comments 14 Kotgarh (Himachal Pradesh), Nov 6 (IANS) Apple growers in Himachal Pradesh on Sunday celebrated a hundred years of fruitful efforts of cultivating delicious and luscious varieties of the fruit in the state, while the state government did not mark the centenary. The fruit’s cultivation in Himachal Pradesh, with more than 90 per cent of the produce going to the domestic market, has brought prosperity to the cultivators over the past half century, say experts. ‘The apple growers of Kotgarh and its nearby areas celebrated 100 successful years of apple cultivation at a function,’ cultivator and gram panchayat head Amar Singh Nalwa told IANS. He said the first apple orchard in the state was planted in Kotgarh in Thanedar panchayat, some 85 km from Shimla, on this day in 1916 and that had helped Kotgarh to progress economically, socially and also marked its presence on the global map. Nalwa, the brain behind the function, said it was organised at the initiative of the local growers and there was no celebration from the government. State’s apple boom is credited to Samuel Evans Stokes (later named Satyanand Stokes), an American missionary who first introduced the high-quality apples in the mid-altitude hills. From a small orchard in Kotgarh, Stokes promoted the apple cultivation in other areas too, especially in upper Shimla that currently alone accounts for 80 per cent of state’s total apple production. Since then the hill state has been synonymous with apples that alone constitute 89 per cent of the state’s fruit economy of Rs 3,500 crore ($520 million). Stokes’s daughter-in-law and Horticulture Minister Vidya Stokes is now managing the family’s orchard located here. She attended the function, which also saw a photo exhibition on Satyanand Stokes’ life as a local apple cultivator. Apple grower Vinod Chauhan of Banot village in the Kotgarh area said Satyanand Stokes, who came to India as a missionary in 1905 during the Kangra earthquake, later decided to settle in Kotgarh. He had purchased a huge chunk of land where he planted apple rootstocks brought from the US. Before opting for apple cultivation, the locals were planting mainly wheat, maize and pulses. ‘Initially the locals were doubtful about the success of apple cultivation in the area. Seeing the success in the orchard of Stokes, some of the locals opted its cultivation in the early 1930s,’ said Chauhan, whose fifth generation is also settled in Kotgarh. By 1960s, he said, the entire region bloomed with apple cultivation and that mainly brought unprecedented prosperity. Currently, the Kotgarh-Thanedar area is among those with the highest per capita income in Southeast Asia. The locals have diversified the apple crop by growing cherries, apricots, almonds and nectarines. Besides Shimla, most of the apple cultivation is concentrated in the districts of Kullu, Mandi, Lahaul and Spiti, Kinnaur and Chamba. Surveys of the state horticulture department show the productivity of apple ranges from 6 to 11.5 tonnes per hectare in the state, in comparison to 35 to 40 tonnes per hectare in more advanced countries. The area under apple cultivation in Himachal Pradesh has increased from 3,025 hectares in 1960-61 to 109,553 hectares in 2014-15, which constitutes more than 49 per cent of the total area under fruit cultivation. –IANS vg/vgu/vd Tags areas cent function state CanIndia New Wire Service Related Posts Paralysed property dealer shot dead, wife critically injured Nov 14th, 201609 New Delhi, Nov 14 (IANS) A 40-year-old property dealer was shot dead by two unidentified assailants in his... Demonitisation move a 'mere note-change' policy: Congress Nov 14th, 201609 New Delhi, Nov 14 (IANS) The Congress on Monday termed the demonitisation policy a "mere note-change"... IIM-C post-graduate student gets Rs 4.5 lakh stipend offer (Lead, correcting para one) Nov 14th, 2016013 Kolkata, Nov 14 (IANS) A whopping Rs 4.5 lakh monthly stipend has been offered to a first-year student of... Leave a Reply Cancel reply READ EPAPER ONLINE SIGNUP | LOGIN SOCIAL SHARE MOST READ THIS WEEK! Entertainment Iranian director Majid Majidi to make a film in India Aug 19th, 2016 710 Community Brampton pushes for revival of GTA-West highway plans Nov 11th, 2016 387 Community Immigration Minister McCallum on visit to India Nov 4th, 2016 273 Entertainment Angelina Jolie is not in love with Middle East billionaire, says website Oct 5th, 2016 2131 Community Remembrance Day Service and Exhibition at Gurdwara Nov 4th, 2016 117 Tags 9614 people 7939 India 5454 film 3749 statement 3518 state 3515 country 3307 study 3074 the Congress 2865 percent 2762 police 2517 reports 2433 time 2290 Tuesday 2273 world 2219 second 2189 children 2163 cent 2155 down 2129 BJP 2125 officials November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   ADVERTISE CONTACT US SUBMIT YOUR ARTWORK Back to top © 2015/2016 Can-India News a division of World Media Corp (Canada) Inc. All rights reserved. Can-India News Privacy Policy.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7: Which Phone Has The Best Specs, Features? International Business Times 11/6/2016 Karen Tumbokon © Provided by IBT US Yes, smartphone users, despite coverage of the Note 7 recall and the iPhone 7's lack of a headphone jack, there are other smartphones out there. Last month LG released the LG V20, a phone featuring a replaceable battery, enhance audio features and manual camera controls for video. While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 58.12 -0.90 -1.52% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 719.07 -19.94 -2.70% LG V20 Features, Specs, Price -    © Photo: LG While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. LG V20 Specs: The LG V20 sports a 5.7-inch display, dual-cameras, an additional always-on display, great battery life and runs Android 7.0 Nougat. For charging the V20 uses USB-C, featuring a speaker and a headphone jack on each side of the charging port. On the back of the V20 you’ll see a fingerprint reader that also acts as a power button, and a dual-camera setup. Because the V20 has a second display, the V20 is larger than the Galaxy S7 Edge and iPhone 7, measuring at 159.78.1 x 78.1 x 7.6mm which can be challenging to hold with one hand. Though if you’re already used to using a larger phone, you’ll be comfortable using the LG V20. The V20 ships with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of memory, 64GB of storage which expands up to 2TB through microSD and has a 3,200mAh battery. The V20 also offers two camera lenses. One camera lens has an 8-megapixel 135-degree ultra-wide angle lens, while the other camera lens has a 16-megapixel wide-angle shooter. The front of the V20 has a 120-degree lens wide-angle camera with 5 megapixels. LG V20 Features: Besides being one of the first phones to feature Android Nougat, the V20 features a 32-bit Quad DC, which is made by ESS Technology. It supports all kinds of formats, including FLAC, AIFF and Apple Lossless. There’s also an HD audio recorded that captures “studio quality audio” from different miss built into the phone. What this means for you, is there will be less noise and better sound quality. LG claims that the V20 claims a 50 percent reduction of ambient noise levels. The V20 also brings back the secondary screen, but this time it has more brightness, plus a new “signature feature.” Similar to the Galaxy Note, the V20 screen can show a word or phrase when not in use, and you can create wallpaper theme. It also features a removable battery, as well as the option to manually control the video camera. LG V20 Price: For $800 depending on where you buy it, the V20 is priced to compete with some of the best phones on the market right now, including the Galaxy S7 Edge and iPhone 7. Galaxy S7 Edge Specs, Features, Price © Photo: Samsung While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. Galaxy S7 Edge Specs: The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is arguably one of the best smartphones Samsung has ever made. The S7 Edge’s Quad HD (2,560 x 1,440) screen packs in 534 pixels per inch and is beautiful. he S7 Edge is powered by Qualcomm’s high-performance Snapdragon 820 octa-core processor. It also has 4GB of RAM. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow runs smoothly on the Galaxy S7 Edge, even Samsung’s TouchWiz doesn’t slow it down. If you’re a fan of gaming, you’ll want to go with the S7 Edge. The graphics chip is 64% faster than the S6, the phone which ran 3D games like Modern Combat and GT Racing 2. Most devices can’t handle 3D games but the S7 Edge can. Galaxy S7 Edge Features: The S7 Edge also has an “always on display,” which shows what time it is, calendar and other widgets on the screen. That makes it easier to catch the news, sports scores and get shortcuts to specific tasks (like texting your friends). The S7 Edge includes a 3,600mAh battery that can last for an entire day, putting it ahead of the iPhone 7 and LG V20. With the included Fast Charger, the S7 Edge can make it through a busy work day. The S7 Edge has the same cameras as the S7, which is 12-megapixels on the back with optical image stabilization and 5 megapixels on the front. The S7 Edge lets you capture more meaning you can include more people in a group selfie. Both camera lenses also have an f/1.7 aperture, which brings in more light than any other smartphone. This means the S7 Edge can take better pictures at night especially in dimly lit locations. Just like the iPhone 7, the S7 Edge lets you unlock the device with your fingerprint, just press the home button and leave your fingerprint on it. The recognition is faster than the iPhone 7’ Touch ID sensor, but it’s still pretty close. The S7 Edge has a microSD card slot integrated into its SIM card tray. Getting a microSD card to expand storage is a must especially if you want to download tons of apps, music, photos and videos. The S7 Edge can take microSD cards up to 2TB. Other great features about the S7 Edge is its water-resistant, which means it can be submerged in up to five feet of water for close to 30 minutes. While the S7 Edge is a little bit more extra, you at least get a big screen, long battery life and beautiful design. Galaxy S7 Edge Price: The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is also priced at $700 depending on where you buy it. You can buy the Galaxy S7 Edge for $699.99 from Best Buy. If you buy from Samsung directly it will cost $769.99. iPhone 7 Specs, Features Price © Photo: Apple While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. iPhone 7 Features: Apple announced the iPhone 7 at its press event in September. As expected, the iPhone 7 looks similar to the iPhone 6, though it has a camera bump. One of the most significant design change was the two new color choices, which come in Jet Black and a matte black aka Black. Apple also released a Gold, Silver and Rose Gold model. As rumored, Apple removed the 3.5mm headphone jack in favor of wireless headphones - though it does come with an adapter for existing headphones. Fans of wireless headphones won’t mind, but owners of wired headphones will need to carry a 3.5mm Lightning adapter which could be a deal breaker. Apple redesigned the home button on the iPhone 7, making it force sensitive just like the trackpads used in recent MacBook laptops. The camera in the iPhone 7 has been upgraded with optical image stabilization and a brighter f/1.8 lens. iPhone 7 Specs: The iPhone 7 also comes with a new A10 Fusion processor that’s 40 percent faster than the iPhone 6. Apple also says that the new iPhone 7 has the “longest battery life ever of an iPhone,” making it a more powerful device than the Galaxy S7 Edge. When it comes to storage between the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 Edge it’s a pretty close tie. The iPhone 7 is available 32, 128 and 256GB variants, while the Galaxy S7 Edge comes in 32GB or 64GB build. The Galaxy S7 also has a MicroSD slot, which might put the Galaxy ahead of the iPhone 7, especially since MicroSD cards are cheap. iPhone 7 Price: You can buy the iPhone 7 from Apple for $650. It’s always a close race when comparing the iPhone 7, LG V20 and the Galaxy S7 Edge. Though the iPhone 7 is cheaper and more powerful, the Galaxy S7 Edge offers a headphone jack and a bigger display. Sometimes it just comes down to brand loyalty and what operating system you're used to. So if you’re an Android user, you’ll want to go with the Galaxy S7 Edge. If you’re upset Apple removed the headphone jack, that’ll make it even easier for you to want to buy the S7 Edge or LG V20. However, if you’re thinking about switching to iOS and you want a powerful phone that’s easy to use, you’ll want to buy the iPhone 7. The Galaxy S7 Edge is technically the winner, but it really depends on what you’re willing to spend and what features you can and cannot live without.  Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from International Business Times Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations International Business Times Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices International Business Times Two Electors Urge Colleagues To Withhold Votes From Trump International Business Times Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple patent hints a foldable, bendable iPhone: Report Apple patent hints a foldable, bendable iPhone: Report Apple iPhone 8 is set to launch next, and reports suggest that Cupertino giant is expected to bring about a radical change for it. By: Tech Desk | Published:November 6, 2016 4:46 pm Apple iPhone 8 is set to launch next, and reports suggest that Cupertino giant is expected to bring about a radical change for it as 2017 is the 10th year anniversary for Apple’s iPhone. (Source: USPTO) Apple iPhone 8 is set to launch next, and reports suggest that Cupertino giant is expected to bring about a radical change for it as 2017 is the 10th year anniversary for Apple’s iPhone. Now a patent, filed in 2014, has been granted and published online by the US Patents and Trademark Office (USPTO) reveal Apple is working on overhauling the very base of iPhone. Going by the patent, Apple could soon introduce an iPhone with flexible screen. According to the patent, it talks of ‘polymer materials in the flexible structure may be molded to form bends.’ The text in the patent reads, “An electronic device has structures such as substrates and internal housing structures. The substrates may be rigid substrates such as rigid printed circuit boards and flexible substrates such as flexible printed circuits, flexible touch sensor substrates, and flexible display substrates. Carbon nanotubes may be patterned to form carbon nanotube signal paths on the substrates. The signal paths may resist cracking when bent. A flexible structure such as a flexible printed circuit may have carbon nanotube signal paths interposed between polymer layers. Openings in a polymer layer may expose metal solder pads on the carbon nanotube signal paths. A stiffener may be provided under the metal solder pads. Polymer materials in the flexible structure may be molded to form bends. Bends may be formed along edges of a touch sensor or display or may be formed in a flexible printed circuit.” A figure posted on USPTO shows a smartphone that has a foldable hinge, running vertically along the device. The device, in the image, opens up like a rectangular notebook. The image caption read, “FIG. 2 is a perspective view of an illustrative electronic device that bends along a flexible portion such as a flexible seam associated with a hinge in accordance with an embodiment.” Clearly, such an iPhone sounds vastly different from the current iPhone 7 series. The latest patent update is only going to raise expectations for this device, which a couple of months away from an official launch. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaChill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them IndiaKadak like my chai, rich don’t like it: PM Modi on demonetisation IndiaNo regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu IndiaPakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC IndiaPanama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show EntertainmentITA Awards 2016: Mouni Roy, Shabbir Ahluwalia emerge big winners, see pics, video EntertainmentSalman Khan is spoiling nephew Ahil and Arpita Khan Sharma has proof, see pics Must Read SportsIndia vs England: Slow to adopt, now learning on the job SportsBCCI gets Lodha approval to pay Rajasthan players SportsRanji Trophy 2016: More brain than brawn TechnologyDemonetisation: Now, a tool to find ATMs with money across India TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8 model numbers leaked TechnologyDemonetisation effect: Here's how to sign-up for Paytm, Mobikwik and use the e-wallets  Guru Nanak Jayanti 2016: India celebrates Gurpurab with great fanfare Nov 15: Latest News Punjabis react to Trump’s decision to deport illegal immigrants: ‘May affect economy, hit unscrupulous travel agents’ Securities and Exchange Commission Chair leaving at end of Obama administration INLD hits out at Congress, BJP for ‘doublespeak’ Punjab, Haryana should resolve SYL issue amicably: BJP union minister Narendra Singh Tomar Ahead of special session, Speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal yet to accept Cong MLAs’ resignation                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple’s Patent Hints At Foldable, Bendable iPhones In The Future – Tech Times Posted on November 6, 2016 by Tech Times Apple has been awarded a patent which allows for a device to be foldable without breaking. Apple has long been rumored to be experimenting with bendable screens for a future iteration of the iPhone, and the patent bolsters the notion. ( United States … Forget the iPhone 7 — here are 10 reasons the 2017 iPhone will blow everyone awayBusiness Insider Apple won’t be updating the iPhone SE in early 2017, report claimsBGR Apple unlikely to refresh iPhone SE in March 2017, analyst saysAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Fortune -Mac Rumors -9 to 5 Mac -News Every day all 58 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Laptops Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks Tablets Best Tablets Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Tablets Under $200 Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder Apple Caves to Backlash, Slashes USB-C Adapter Prices By Henry T. Casey | November 4, 2016 04:50 pm MORE When Apple decided its new MacBook Pro notebooks would drop USB-A ports for USB-C / Thunderbolt 3, and not include any adapters in the box, it assumed that users wouldn't mind paying extra to connect to their existing devices. A week and a day later, the company has responded to its customers' complaints by cutting prices on Apple-branded dongles including its USB-C to USB adapter, USB-C Lightning Cables and Multiport adapter by up to $20 each. Seemingly in response to those annoyed about paying for a dongle-filled user experience, Apple issued a statement saying that "We recognize that many users, especially pros, rely on legacy connectors to get work done today and they face a transition." It hopes these temporary sales will kill two birds with one stone, noting "We want to help them move to the latest technology and peripherals, as well as accelerate the growth of this new ecosystem." MORE: Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch (2016) Review Here are the adapters going on sale, and how much they'll now go for:  USB-C to USB Adapter drops from $19 to $9 Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2 Adapter goes from $49 to $29 The 1 meter USB-C to Lightning Cable changes from $25 to $19 The 2 meter USB-C to Lightning Cable drops from $35 to $29 The USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter goes from $69 to $49 USB-C VGA Multiport Adapter changes from $69 to $49 Apple's also discounting its online and in-store prices for the SanDisk Extreme Pro SD UHS-II Card USB-C Reader down from $49 to $29. It told us all other third party USB-C peripherals should see a discount of around 25 percent as well. Customers considering this purchase should be aware, though, that these discounts are temporary and running only until the end of the year. Also, if those prices still seem high, you can find third-party dongles for less on Amazon. For example, the best selling USB Type C to Type A cable on Amazon goes for $5.95, four bucks less than Apple sells its version for, though it's made by Cable Matters. TNP sells its USB Type-C Multiport VGA Adapter for $28.99, a whole $20 less than Apple's. So why would someone knowingly spend more than twice as much for the same product? We're betting those shoppers buying a nest of Apple-branded cables do so for that extra for the peace of mind that comes with buying from a company they're more familiar with. But we're also guessing those thrifty shoppers are calling the brand-loyal ones 'suckers' behind their backs. ✖ Apple Laptop Guide Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins The Best Apple Laptops See How Apple Compares to Other Laptop Brands Apple Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Apple's Warranty Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins The Best Apple Laptops See How Apple Compares to Other Laptop Brands Apple Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Apple's Warranty Next Article »» «« Previous Tip Next Tip »» Apple Laptop Guide Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins More Tips Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins The Best Apple Laptops See How Apple Compares to Other Laptop Brands Apple Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Apple's Warranty Author Bio Henry T. Casey, After graduating from Bard College a B.A. in Literature, Henry T. Casey worked in publishing and product development at Rizzoli and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, respectively. Henry joined Tom's Guide and LAPTOP having written for The Content Strategist, Tech Radar and Patek Philippe International Magazine. He divides his free time between going to live concerts, listening to too many podcasts, and mastering his cold brew coffee process. Content rules everything around him. Henry T. Casey, on Add a comment Email Name Firstname Comment 2 comments Sophlady Says: November 10th, 2016 at 5:18 pm One reason to buy USB-C cables from reliable manufacturers like Apple, Belkin and Sandisk is they meet the quality standards set for USB-C. Cheap cables purchased online don't meet the standards and have caused damage to laptops, tablets and peripherals. Eddie G. Says: November 10th, 2016 at 4:05 pm This is such a joke! Can't understand why people would spend such serious money on machines they can't connect to other things unless they ALSO go out and buy dongles for!? That's like a slap in the face from Apple. If they REALLY wanted to make their customers fall in love with them all over again? They'd at least INCLUDE one or TWO connectors WITH this dam laptop!! I mean look at the price of it!...totally ridiculous, and insulting to consumers. Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins LATEST HEADLINES Alienware’s Vindicator Bags Take Gaming Gear on the Go MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review Roundup: What You Need to Know Which Acer Laptop Is Right For You? How to Change the Default Look and Size of Fonts in Outlook How to Export Your Outlook Contacts to CSV COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple's Patent Hints At Foldable, Bendable iPhones In The Future 6 November 2016, 4:30 am EST By Carl Velasco Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing Apple has been awarded a patent which allows for a device to be foldable without breaking. Apple has long been rumored to be experimenting with bendable screens for a future iteration of the iPhone, and the patent bolsters the notion.  ( United States Patent and Trademark Office ) Advertisement Apple could be experimenting with iPhone's core design, overhauling it in a way it has never been overhauled before. As a result of patent filings and supplier leaks surfacing over the last few months, including an earlier patent by Apple which demonstrated the concept of bendable phones, Apple could soon introduce a version of the iPhone with a flexible screen. Apple has recently been awarded patent no. 9,485,862 titled "Electronic devices with carbon nanotube printed circuits," which by Patently Apple's report, heavily features a bendable or foldable design. The images in the patent filing show what appears to be a clamshell form factor, like those used in flip phones, but in this case more similar with the Nintendo 3DS in dimensions. According to Patently Apple, the conductive carbon nanotube paths will allow the iPhone to be bendable and crack-resistant. According to the patent, the foldable or bendable mechanism of the device is made possible by carbon nanotube structures that may be integrated into signal cables such as flexible printed circuit cables or "rigid flex," which is a rigid circuit with flexible tails. The patent states that materials such as plastic, ceramic, glass, metal and fiber components or a combination among these materials could be used to create the bendable smartphone. In the accompanying illustration, the device features a flexible hinge when the device is split into two planes by folding. The patent was originally filed back in 2014, which is suggestive of the company's longstanding efforts in tinkering with the possibility of bendable iPhones. Rumors of smartphones with flexible screens keep circulating to this day, with many expecting either Samsung to be the first one to release a device with such a mechanism or LG, who has already proven it can manufacture a bendable screen. When Steve Jobs unveiled the original iPhone in 2007, the thing was glorious. It's no wonder why it hugely dominated the smartphone market in its heyday. It offered a complete package of innovation at a time where smartphone technology was nascent and untapped. While the following point — that the iPhone unveiling set the smartphone industry in motion — is arguable, you can't deny that manufacturers borrowed, in broad or slim strokes, Apple's template for the original iPhone. A barrage of smartphones soon followed, and the industry significantly grew. As the rapidly growing market for smartphones continued to balloon, we saw different iterations for Apple's iPhone. Few of those iterations were major inflection points in terms of design, with one being the iPhone 4, which introduced a remarkable cosmetic touchup for Apple's flagship. Updates have come and gone, but the iPhone's core design to this day remains the same: it's a brick. It's a thin piece of brick with a huge screen and no other gimmicks. If Apple is indeed set to release an iPhone that does exactly what its patent suggests, then it'll be a remarkable shift in the way Apple has outfitted its flagship phone. Keep in mind, however, that patents, while promising, are also a way for companies to ensure that its ideas won't be stolen by other manufacturers, and patents should never be foolproof indication that Apple will indeed incorporate the technology in its future products. Do you think Apple will release a bendable iPhone in the future? Feel free to tell us your thoughts! TAG Apple, iPhone 7, Patent, Bendable Smartphone © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles LOOK: Xiaomi Bendable Touchscreen Display Impresses In This Video Lenovo Shows Off Bendable Devices In An IFA Video Teaser Lenovo Showcases Bendable Smartphone That You Can Wear On Your Wrist Samsung Intends To Launch Smartphones With Bendable Screens In 2017: Report ReFlex Shows The LG Flex What It’s Like To Be A Truly Bendable Smartphone From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 2 Space How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech BlackBerry Keyboard Phone Promised To Come: Can It Rise Among The Upcoming Generation Of Bezel-Free Smartphones? Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 7 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 8 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years 9 Gadgets Snapchat Spectacles, Nintendo NES Classic Edition Are The Hottest Tech Products This Month, But You Can't Buy Them Yet 10 Apps/Software Samsung Offers Developers $10,000 Per App Via Tizen Mobile App Incentive Program EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Apple seeks incentives to set up manufacturing unit Apple seeks incentives to set up manufacturing unit Currently, Apple's products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published:November 6, 2016 2:56 pm Currently, Apple’s products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives related to the Department of Revenue and Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeITY), an official said. “They are doing their due diligence from quite some time. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will write to both the departments regarding this communication for their views,” the official added. At present, to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, the government provides benefits under Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS). The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apple’s products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. Apple’s communication regarding setting up of a manufacturing unit assumes significance as the Finance Ministry in May had rejected relaxing the 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms, as sought by the iPhone and iPad maker as a pre-condition for bringing in FDI to set up single-brand retail stores in the country. The company had sought exemption on the ground that it makes state-of-the-art and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had also turned down the firm’s proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. The government has announced incentives to promote electronic manufacturing in India and reduce the import bill. Total import of electronics goods were valued at Rs 2.25 lakh crore in 2014-15 as against Rs 1.95 lakh crore in the previous year. Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaChill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them IndiaKadak like my chai, rich don’t like it: PM Modi on demonetisation IndiaNo regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu IndiaPakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC IndiaPanama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show EntertainmentITA Awards 2016: Mouni Roy, Shabbir Ahluwalia emerge big winners, see pics, video EntertainmentSalman Khan is spoiling nephew Ahil and Arpita Khan Sharma has proof, see pics Must Read SportsIndia vs England: Slow to adopt, now learning on the job SportsBCCI gets Lodha approval to pay Rajasthan players SportsRanji Trophy 2016: More brain than brawn TechnologyDemonetisation: Now, a tool to find ATMs with money across India TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8 model numbers leaked TechnologyDemonetisation effect: Here's how to sign-up for Paytm, Mobikwik and use the e-wallets  Guru Nanak Jayanti 2016: India celebrates Gurpurab with great fanfare Nov 15: Latest News Punjabis react to Trump’s decision to deport illegal immigrants: ‘May affect economy, hit unscrupulous travel agents’ Securities and Exchange Commission Chair leaving at end of Obama administration INLD hits out at Congress, BJP for ‘doublespeak’ Punjab, Haryana should resolve SYL issue amicably: BJP union minister Narendra Singh Tomar Ahead of special session, Speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal yet to accept Cong MLAs’ resignation                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION HILLARY CLINTON BARACK OBAMA ROB KARDASHIAN Bartolo Colon Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College High School The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Homes Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION HILLARY CLINTON BARACK OBAMA ROB KARDASHIAN Bartolo Colon New York Daily News sports Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College High School More Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders The Score More Sports Share This facebook Tweet email Chris Carlin’s move from SNY is New York’s loss and Philly’s gain Chris Carlin’s move from SNY is New York’s loss and Philly’s gain Bob Raissman NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Sunday, November 6, 2016, 1:10 AM facebook Tweet email Chris Carlin. Bob Raissman NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Sunday, November 6, 2016, 1:10 AM When Chris Carlin departed the set of SportsNet New York’s Loud Mouths Friday evening for the final time, a chorus of Uncle Fester lookalikes, triple-cheeseburger-eating, extra-large-everythings, was ringing in our ears. “Carlin,” they moaned, “say it ain’t so.” For this Legion of Large Fellas Carlin is a role model. With his Body By Big Mac, bald head, and high-pitched vocal stylings, he has made it in an anchor world full of blow-dried string beans. See, if Carlin could do it other chunkies could too. “When (SNY executive producer) Curt Gowdy hired me it was because I was everyman,” Carlin said. “Someone could look on television and see a guy who didn’t look like a typical TV anchor... We need more of us. There’s nothing I like better than to turn on the TV and see guys who look like me, not necessarily me.” Follow the Daily News Sports on Facebook. "Like" us here. Now, Carlin will be taking his self-deprecating humor and sarcasm to Philly (two cheesestakes to go, extra cheese, extra greasy meat) where he debuts Monday on all-sports radio WIP working afternoon-drive with former Eagles linebacker Ike Reese. Cutting through all his experience on TV and radio (WFAN, SiriusXM), which included more than six years producing five-plus hours of dualing egos featuring Chris (Mad Dog) Russo and Mike (Sports Pope) Francesa, this all came down to hunger, a hunger to talk. “I just built up a need inside of me that I have to tell you what I think,” Carlin explained. “On TV, whether Loud Mouths or the Mets pre and postgame shows, time is limited. I had to restrain myself. On the radio you get much more than a minute to make a point.” Before Carlin has delivered his first word on WIP, a CBS-owned station, there has been speculation the gig is just a way of positioning himself to take over for Francesa if he actually does retire from FAN at the end of 2017. Chris Carlin leaving SNY for Philly radio gig When asked if he did have an ulterior motive for pursuing the WIP job, Carlin said: “My focus is on Philly. I’m not doing anything else. This (WIP) is my opportunity. I want to go there and win (in the ratings) and be there for a long time. It’s a tremendous market. I’m not worried about anything else.” WIP is in a battle for ears with 97.5 The Fanatic. “There’s some pressure on myself and Ike to deliver, but I’m excited for it,” Carlin said. “The best part of this for me is radio is the ultimate competition.” Carlin co-hosted Loud Mouths with Jon Hein after sharing a desk with Adam Schein (l.). Still, he is coming in as the outsider, a Jersey guy who has worked in the biggest media market in the world for two decades. Carlin must enter talking and almost instantly establish credibility, win fans over who are known to be tough, blunt, ultra critical and at times obscene. Annie Apple accuses Giants of leaning on son to control criticism “If you walk in and try to act like something you’re not, especially if you are trying to act like you are from there, it’s not going to wash,” Carlin said. “Those fans can spot a fake when they see or hear it. I’m going in with the mentality I’ve always have. And that’s you see what you get.” The formula worked. It turned his radio career around in 2001 when he got his first opportunity to yakk on FAN and station boss Mark Chernoff called his performance “awful.” His follow-up shows were no better. Carlin (“I was going nowhere”), was so nervous “about knowing his stuff” on the air he subjugated his personality. With his chances running out, Carlin decided to play it fast and loose with the callers, to finally be himself. His instinct was right. It worked. Annie Apple, mom of Giants Eli, rips John Mara over Brown scandal Now he brings the essence of himself, the wide body and battled tested mouth, into a Philadelphia sports radio war. “They don’t know what to expect from me,” he said, “and I don’t know what to expect from them.” Meaning Chris Carlin’s got ‘em just where he wants ‘em. MOTHER’S TOUCH Annie Apple has made quite a splash with her Sports Illustrated column, but hardly been seen on ESPN’s Sunday NFL Countdown. What’s going on? After all, her hiring was celebrated with much fanfare. MSG's Knicks postgame show full of laughable Gulag spin To this point in the season, Apple has done one “Countdown” piece on Chargers running back Melvin Gordon and his mom Carmen in September. Industry sources say more pieces from Apple are in production. Apple’s ESPN role is to do a “handful” of features this season and she’s on target to do that. ESPN has aired fewer “Countdown” features the past few weeks because it’s going head-to-head against those NFL games being played across the pond. Annie Apple with her son, Giants corner Eli Apple. (Alyssa Schukar/AP images for P&G) Still, it will be interesting if ESPN’s upcoming Apple features spark as much controversy as her recent SI work. In one column she criticized John Mara and chronicled her own experience with domestic violence. In her most recent essay, Apple accused Giants brass of “leaning” on her son, DB Eli Apple, to control her criticism of the Giants. Back in May, we predicted Annie Apple’s media gigs would ultimately cause problems for the Giants and her son. We didn’t think it would be this bad. GO ON O’-FFENSIVE Now, more than ever, the Giants need Odell TV. Yes, with Ms. Apple casting aspersions on this sainted organization, and Jerry Reese throwing more organizational stench on the Josh Brown fire, the Giants need Odell Beckham Jr. to do something, anything, to take the focus off a franchise finding itself in dysfunctional territory. No doubt Fox’s cameras will be following OBJ, so do something. Score some points, celebrate your tuchis off, divorce the net and propose to the Gatorade bucket. The Giants crack PR staff can’t change the conversation, so you — OBJ — must. Create a headline. Clear the air. SNOOPY POSTGAME WARS The fallout from the NFL’s decision to schedule the Giants (vs. Philly) and the Jets (at Miami) Sunday at 1 p.m., will include the scintillating battle of the postgame shows. Wonder what program will pull the higher rating? The Giants postgame on MSG, led by Russ Salzberg (we don’t know who he will be working with him Sunday because neither the Gulag nor the Giants will share that info with the Daily News)? Or the Jets postgame on SNY, led by Jonas Schwartz, who has rocked steady, after replacing Brian Custer, and gotten the most out of the rest of the cast, including Ray Lucas, Mike Westhoff, and Chad Cascadden. Unfortunately, both these shows are handicapped by the coaches — Todd Bowles and Ben McAdoo. These two stiffs produce must-NOT-see TV during their postgame press conferences. Even after a win they are bland and boring. STILL GOING Some guys are charmed. Ray Lewis, for example. ESPN, which mistakenly hired the former Ravens defender in the first place, had every reason (like Lewis’ inconsistent performances) to dump him. FS1 was in a hurry to pick him up and make him a regular guest on its “The Uninspiring” gabfest. Yes, there is no accounting for taste. * * * DUDE OF THE WEEK: JOE BUCK For his call of World Series Game 7. This tilt had many twists and turns. It was a laboratory for first and second guessers. Buck, the Fox play-by-play voice, didn’t get bogged down with analysis. He left that to John Smoltz, the mechanic who he skillfully set up or reined in when necessary. Mostly, Buck enhanced the drama of this historic cliff-hanger knowing those pictures called by director John Moore were doing most of the talking. Buck, again, displayed a sense of balance between yapping and keeping his trap shut. Well done. DWEEB OF THE WEEK: NFL SCHEDULE GNOMES We stipulate a heavy dose of provincialism is at work here, but why did these brainiacs schedule the Jets (at Miami) and Giants (vs. Eagles) going head-to-head at 1 p.m. on Sunday? It’s happened before but for a reason, like the observance of a religious holiday. On the other hand, is this an indication how the league views the “importance” of the New York market? It could have placed one of these tilts in the late window, but what do we know? The NFL has been correct when it comes to maximizing its TV ratings... whoops... that story is different this season. DOUBLE TALK What Frank Thomas said: “Whoever wants this (Game 7) the most will win this thing.” What Frank Thomas meant to say: “Sitting next to Pete Rose has turned me into a cliche spouting machine.” Tags: media annie apple odell beckham jr. ray lewis joe buck nfl new york giants Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet PC Richard and Son Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Media Kit Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Daily News Covers © Copyright 2016 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.

News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Ready, set, engineer Sunday Nov 6, 2016 at 12:01 AM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes APPLE VALLEY — Students from all over Southern California showcased their engineering and robotic skills at the sixth annual LEGO Robotics Apple Valley FLL Qualifying Tournament on Saturday morning. More than 100 students gathered at Vanguard Preparatory School to display months of hard work and compete for the chance to advance to the next round of the competition. “We have children ranging from eight to 14-years-old from far as Beaumont, Costa Mesa and Temecula to compete to showcase their skills and everything they have worked hard for leading up to this day,” said Tournament Coordinator Sean Gillett. “It’s amazing to see them using computer coding, building and engineering these robots at their age.” Sixteen teams, ranging from 3 to 10 members, after designing and assembling their robots for months, performed a series of tasks in front of a panel of judges. The competition was broken down into four categories: Robotics Performance, Robot Design, Project Presentation, and Lego's Core Values. “Each year the competition just keeps getting bigger and every year we hope that these students walk away learning about the value of teamwork and maybe making some new friends along the way for their love of engineering,” said Vanguard Robotics Teacher Jared Wolf. While parents and friends cheered on their favorite teams, others took a break and socialized with other competitors as they enjoyed a bite to eat from the food truck at the event. Angelina Holguin, 13, Carlos Larios, 12, and Tyler Karen, 13, made up Vanguard's Team Pandemonium, and the trio from Apple Valley sucessfully designed and built a three-wheeled robot that was able to grab and carry items from one destination to another. “This is my third time competing and I want to be an engineer when I grow up and this competition has really taught me a lot and has challenged me in so many ways,” Holguin said. Gillett told the Daily Press the annual event is a great way to not only educate students on various engineering and computer skills, but it helps boost their imagination and creativity. “Our robot may be small, but it’s a good one. Even if we don’t win, having competed, working together and getting to build this robot with my team was a lot of fun,” Karen said. “Being able to show off our skills was really cool too.” Teams from Apple Valley, Big Bear, Moreno Valley, Beaumont and Costa Mesa qualified Saturday and now will advance to the Southern California Regional Tournament in December at LegoLand in Carlsbad. There, teams will compete for a chance to move on to the World Championships in Houston. Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter @DP_MonicaInes About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Industry Last Modified: Sun, Nov 06 2016. 11 23 AM IST Apple seeks incentives to set up manufacturing unit DIPP to write to revenue and electronics & information technology departments regarding the matter Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: PTI Currently, Apple’s products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. Photo: Mint New Delhi: US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives related to the department of revenue and department of electronics and information technology (DeITY), an official told PTI. “They are doing their due diligence from quite some time. The department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) will write to both the departments regarding this communication for their views,” the official added. At present, to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, the government provides benefits under modified special incentive package scheme (MSIPS). The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in special economic zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apple’s products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. Apple’s communication regarding setting up of a manufacturing unit assumes significance as the finance ministry in May had rejected relaxing the 30% domestic sourcing norms, as sought by the iPhone and iPad maker as a pre-condition for bringing in FDI to set up single-brand retail stores in the country. The company had sought exemption on the ground that it makes state-of-the-art and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had also turned down the firm’s proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. The government has announced incentives to promote electronic manufacturing in India and reduce the import bill. Total import of electronics goods were valued at Rs2.25 trillion in 2014-15 as against Rs1.95 trillion in the previous year. PTI Topics: AppleiPhoneiPadmanufacturingtechnology More from this Section Three charts that show why demonetization is painful In firms, PCs and smartphones coexist in a multi-device world: Michael Dell Dell Technologies’s road map for India Will Dell make it big with EMC? Patanjali Dant Kanti’s popularity boosts production at JHS Svendgaard Editor's Picks Tata Motors independent directors refuse to pick sides in Tata vs Cyrus Mistry fight Demonetization is a hollow move Reliance Jio’s entry a boost for Ericsson, Truecaller and Lava Mobiles A new economic paradigm is being fashioned Three charts that show why demonetization is painful First Published: Sun, Nov 06 2016. 11 13 AM IST Read more from Livemint Three charts that show why demonetization is painful In firms, PCs and smartphones coexist in a multi-device world: Michael Dell Dell Technologies’s road map for India Editor's Picks Tata Motors independent directors refuse to pick sides in Tata vs Cyrus Mistry fight Demonetization is a hollow move Reliance Jio’s entry a boost for Ericsson, Truecaller and Lava Mobiles Latest News Three charts that show why demonetization is painful In firms, PCs and smartphones coexist in a multi-device world: Michael Dell Dell Technologies’s road map for India Will Dell make it big with EMC? Govt relaxes norms to ease cash crunch Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News PIL in HC for setting up all India judicial service Trains to soon run at 160 kmph on Delhi-Howrah, Delhi-Mumbai Business Standard Apple seeks incentives to set up manufacturing unit Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  November 6, 2016 Last Updated at 10:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJ94SZ Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Board of Starcom Information Technology approves change in company secretary Government has Identified Three Areas for use of Information Technology (IT) in Fisheries Starcom Information Technology to hold board meeting Starcom Information Technology standalone net profit rises 927.78% in the March 2016 quarter Netvista Information Technology standalone net profit rises 300.00% in the June 2016 quarter US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives related to the Department of Revenue and Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeITY), an official told PTI. "They are doing their due diligence from quite some time. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will write to both the departments regarding this communication for their views," the official added. At present, to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, the government provides benefits under Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS). The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apple's products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. Apple's communication regarding setting up of a manufacturing unit assumes significance as the Finance Ministry in May had rejected relaxing the 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms, as sought by the iPhone and iPad maker as a pre-condition for bringing in FDI to set up single-brand retail stores in the country. The company had sought exemption on the ground that it makes state-of-the-art and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had also turned down the firm's proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. The government has announced incentives to promote electronic manufacturing in India and reduce the import bill. Total import of electronics goods were valued at Rs 2.25 lakh crore in 2014-15 as against Rs 1.95 lakh crore in the previous year. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Special Economic Zones | Information Technology PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Apple seeks incentives to set up manufacturing unit US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives related to the Department of Revenue and Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeITY), an official told PTI. "They are doing their due diligence from quite some time. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will write to both the departments regarding this communication for their views," the official added. At present, to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, the government provides benefits under Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS). The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apple's products are manufactured in six countries including ... US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives related to the Department of Revenue and Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeITY), an official told PTI. "They are doing their due diligence from quite some time. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will write to both the departments regarding this communication for their views," the official added. At present, to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, the government provides benefits under Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS). The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apple's products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. Apple's communication regarding setting up of a manufacturing unit assumes significance as the Finance Ministry in May had rejected relaxing the 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms, as sought by the iPhone and iPad maker as a pre-condition for bringing in FDI to set up single-brand retail stores in the country. The company had sought exemption on the ground that it makes state-of-the-art and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had also turned down the firm's proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. The government has announced incentives to promote electronic manufacturing in India and reduce the import bill. Total import of electronics goods were valued at Rs 2.25 lakh crore in 2014-15 as against Rs 1.95 lakh crore in the previous year. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple seeks incentives to set up manufacturing unit US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives related to the Department of Revenue and Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeITY), an official told PTI. "They are doing their due diligence from quite some time. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will write to both the departments regarding this communication for their views," the official added. At present, to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, the government provides benefits under Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS). The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apple's products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. Apple's communication regarding setting up of a manufacturing unit assumes significance as the Finance Ministry in May had rejected relaxing the 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms, as sought by the iPhone and iPad maker as a pre-condition for bringing in FDI to set up single-brand retail stores in the country. The company had sought exemption on the ground that it makes state-of-the-art and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had also turned down the firm's proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. The government has announced incentives to promote electronic manufacturing in India and reduce the import bill. Total import of electronics goods were valued at Rs 2.25 lakh crore in 2014-15 as against Rs 1.95 lakh crore in the previous year. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Industry Companies Apple seeks incentives to set up manufacturing unit Apple seeks incentives to set up manufacturing unit US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published: November 6, 2016 10:59 AM Currently, Apple’s products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. (Reuters) US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives related to the Department of Revenue and Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeITY), an official told PTI. “They are doing their due diligence from quite some time. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will write to both the departments regarding this communication for their views,” the official added. At present, to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, the government provides benefits under Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS). The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apple’s products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. Apple’s communication regarding setting up of a manufacturing unit assumes significance as the Finance Ministry in May had rejected relaxing the 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms, as sought by the iPhone and iPad maker as a pre-condition for bringing in FDI to set up single-brand retail stores in the country. The company had sought exemption on the ground that it makes state-of-the-art and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had also turned down the firm’s proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. The government has announced incentives to promote electronic manufacturing in India and reduce the import bill. Total import of electronics goods were valued at Rs 2.25 lakh crore in 2014-15 as against Rs 1.95 lakh crore in the previous year. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Donald Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office: US President Barack Obama India's efforts to protect children fail due lack of budget: Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi Donald Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Businessman surrenders Rs 6,000 crore following Narendra Modi government's demonetisation policy? Lok Sabha speaker Sumitra Mahajan meets delegates from all parties ahead of Parliament session Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Dubbing artist Bhagyalakshmi on gangrape victim's petition: Sad there is no response from Chief Minister's office Terror-hit Dhaka bakery returned to property owner Cash on Delivery Business hit by demonetisation, says Snapdeal Apollo Hospitals in expansion mode; to invest Rs 1,400-crore Wife hit by cancer, man accidentally tears only Rs 2000 note he had!  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Apple fans have click-signed more than 100,000 words of legal contracts Quartz 11/5/2016 Christopher Groskopf © Provided by Quartz Customers file into a new Apple Store. Let’s say, for the sake of argument, that you’re an Apple fan. You’ve got a Mac, an iPhone, an Apple TV, and at least one Airport router. You even bought that overhyped watch. If you own those five devices, and use the software that Apple provides for each, then you’ve agreed at least 30 contracts, totaling more than 100,000 words of legal documentation. That’s longer than either The Hobbit or the first Harry Potter book. Offline, signing a contract is something we know we should take seriously. You may use lawyers to review the details or read it through carefully yourself. A bad contract can prevent you from getting a refund for shoddy work, or lock you into an paying for a service that you’ve cancelled. You probably file the signed paper away in an old-fashioned filing cabinet. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 58.12 -0.90 -1.52% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 719.07 -19.94 -2.70% Adobe Systems Inc ADBE ▼ 102.42 -1.26 -1.22% However, if you’re like most people, you probably don’t read any of the contracts you agree to online, much less save them. You may not even think of those ubiquitous “I agree” buttons as being anything like signing a contract, but legally your click is the same as your signature. To get a better sense of just how pervasive software contracts have become, Quartz collected data on the most beloved technology company of them all: Apple. We haven’t singled out Apple because their contracts are particularly bad, but rather because they produce so many products and almost every one comes with its own contract. The legal section of Apple’s website lists more than 100 contracts. They cover everything from the operating system for the Apple Watch to the defunct Cards app for iOS. Most of these contracts say similar things: You don’t own the software. Apple isn’t liable if it fails or blows up. You can’t hack it or change how it works. However, each contract is also slightly different from the others and, unless you’ve carefully read all of them, you almost certainly aren’t aware of those differences. © Provided by Quartz The terms for iTunes, for example, allow the company to suspend access to books or music you’ve already paid for. They also stipulate that you can’t burn your iTunes music to a CD more than seven times. Software can only be used on an “Apple-branded computer.” For example, if you work on a Windows PC or use an Android phone there’s no guarantee that you can read your ebooks there. They’re also not guaranteed to work at all if Apple were ever to go out of business.  A heavy internet user could easily have agreed to a million or more words of contracts.   Quartz reviewed 100,000 words of Apple legalese, and the company’s contracts are no worse than any other tech company. Tech giants, like Google and Microsoft have contracts that are significantly more wordy and hard to understand. And unlike Amazon, AirBnb, Adobe, Buzzfeed, Microsoft, Instagram, Slack, Tinder and WeChat, Apple does not include a consumer-hostile “binding arbitration” clause, which would block their customers from ever taking them to court. Let’s say, that after reading this article you decide to read the contracts for your Apple products and stash them in a digital file. That wouldn’t be enough to ensure you really know what you’ve agreed too. At least 15 of Apple’s contracts have been revised in 2016. Most changes are effective immediately, with or without notice. It’s impossible to know how frequently Apple makes changes, because old versions are not kept online. The company did not respond to an email requesting information on frequently changes are made. If you count those revisions individually, then Apple fans have probably agreed to several hundred-thousand words of contracts—close to the length of the entire Lord of the Rings series, or a couple volumes of George R. R. Martin’s loquacious Game of Thrones. And that’s just Apple. Virtually every other tech company follows the same pattern. Long-time internet users could easily have agreed to a million or more words of contracts. So what is an Apple fan, or any internet user, to do? Most of us would rather sign the contracts than abstain from modern life. It’s important to know, however, that these contracts have an impact. They can demolish your ownership rights or restrict your freedom of speech. Acknowledging their absurdity is an essential first step. Putting pressure on lawmakers and companies to rein in the most blatant abuses of digital contracts may be next. Quartz is making available the full dataset of Apple contracts created for this story. These data were made by collecting US legal documents from Apple’s site, truncating them to only the English-language pages, and then performing simple page and word counts. No effort was made to standardize font sizes or account for other peculiarities of the source documents. All data is as of Sept. 30, 2016. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Quartz The “supermoon” as seen from India is absolutely captivating Quartz The MacBook Pro reviews are in and they’re categorically 'meh' Quartz One week of demonetization in India: the good, the bad, and the ugly Quartz If Trump pulls out of the Paris Agreement, Europe could institute a “carbon tax” on US imports Quartz Quartz View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, November 14, 2016, 6:23 p.m. Home / Can you hear me now, genius? By Tammy Keith This article was published November 6, 2016 at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size I’ve never claimed to be good with technology. In fact, quite the opposite. My little nephews, who are 5 and 1 1/2, can do more on a cellphone than I can; I’ve seen it with my own eyes. My husband and I have been lucky in that my brother has to get the latest technology available, so he’s the first in line to get each new iPhone from Apple. That means he has a hand-me-down phone available. This time, I was the chosen one. My brother got an iPhone 7, so I got his “old” iPhone 6Plus. My phone was fine, but I wasn’t going to turn down an upgrade. My husband transferred all of my 10,000 photos and my list of contacts — it took all night as we slept. But the first time I tried to use my new phone to make a call, which was to a restaurant to order a hamburger, I couldn’t hear the person. It was like I heard Mickey Mouse talking in a well. I called back four times and finally used my husband’s phone. I could only hear someone who called me, or whom I called, if I put the phone on speaker. That wasn’t sustainable. My daughter-in-law called one day while I was getting a pedicure, and she said, “Don’t tell anybody I told you, but … ” You could hear a pin drop in the room, and I quickly stopped her and took her off speaker. I strained to hear the news. I went online, of course, and tried every trick suggested. I disabled, enabled, checked this and that. My husband made sure the volume was up. Nothing worked, so I called Apple Support. The man on the other end of the line was not helpful. He immediately told me to take my proof of purchase and go to an Apple Store. I called another day, and the woman was helpful. It sounded like a hardware problem, she said. She also said I needed to take it in. I made an appointment and figured it was a good excuse to eat out and shop, which we did before my appointment. There’s nothing that will make you feel old like going to a store where the employees are called geniuses. What do you do for a living? “I’m a genius.” They are mostly cool, young guys, with a few cool, young women mixed in. Lots of beards. Lots of tattoos. When the nice bearded man asked me what the problem was with my phone, I told him that I couldn’t hear. He took it to the back and when he returned, he had a bemused look on his face. He looked like he was trying not to laugh. “Oh, no. I’m stupid. What is it?” I said. “No, you’re not stupid … but there’s a volume control when you’re on a call. … It was turned all the way down.” I protested. We checked that! I’m stupid, but my husband’s not stupid, and we specifically checked that! “Well, you have to do it while you’re on the call,” he said. “But we also cleaned the receiver — so that could have been part of the problem. It can get makeup and sweat in it. It could have been that.” I haven’t used it long enough to clog it with makeup, and I rarely sweat. Now, my brother probably talked on it when he was exercising or playing golf in the heat with globs of sunscreen on his ears. But the phone worked fine when he had it. The guy tried to make me feel better by saying that when he got a bigger iPhone he was holding his hand over the microphone and people couldn’t hear him. He told me that my phone seemed to be working, so he told me to try it. I called my husband, and I could hear him fine. Of course, he was five steps away. But it seemed normal. The Apple guy told me to make sure I was holding it up to my ear correctly, too. My husband helpfully said, “You need to figure out where your ears are.” Just to be sure my phone didn’t have another problem, the employee said, “We can run diagnostics on it.” “Now you’re just trying to help me save face,” I told him, and he laughed. Another nice, young, bearded employee called us over to the Genius Bar. They don’t serve drinks at this bar; they serve heaping servings of humble pie to people who thought they were smart until they came in there. So our helpful, happy genius put my phone on a dock and ran it through some tests. I actually was hoping something was wrong. Of course, everything was working fine. I saw the original bearded guy on the way out: “The diagnostics were terrible!” I said. He almost bought it. “Nope,” I told the genius. “I’m just stupid.” Next time, I’ll just take my phone to my nephews and let them figure it out. Senior writer Tammy Keith can be reached at (501) 327-0370 and tkeith@arkansasonline.com. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Stone County begins Arkansas Quilt Trail Two-part Holiday Craft Fair returns to Searcy... Morrilton Citizen of the Year prefers the bac... KidsStage to present two plays Can you hear me now, genius? COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE RIVER VALLEY & OZARK ... Conway Master Gardener receives local, state ... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA No Shave November fundraiser set in Pope Coun... Comments on: Can you hear me now, genius? To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 2 more armed robberies in Hillcrest, Heights neighborhoods reported, police say (22 comments) Little Rock man says girlfriend threatened him with knife, gun, stole phone (1 comment) Police: Woman, child lived with tigers, 'vicious' monkeys (1 comment) Sheriff's office: Fight over Arkansas man's porn viewing 'escalated quickly'; 1 arrested (1 comment) Torres found guilty of capital murder in death of 6-year-old son (12 comments) Retirement's in the weeds for ex-Arkansas Realtor (5 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Home iPhone iPhone Apps iPhone Games iPhone Accessories iPhone News iPad iPad Apps iPad Games iPad Accessories iPad News Mac Mac Apps Mac News Android Android Apps Android Games Technology Apple Web & Dev Smartphones Tablets Gear Laptops Cameras Television & Displays Storage Gadgets Reviews Gaming E-readers Apple’s discounting all of its USB-C adapters and peripherals; Including LG’s 5K display 1 week ago by Abhay Ram Apple announced yesterday that it will reduce price of its thunderbolt peripherals and USB 3.0 adapters and cables through the end of the year. Falling under this umbrella of Thunderbolt peripherals is the 5K monitor created by Apple and LG’s collaboration – 5K LG UltraFine Display. The price of the display has been reduced by 25 percent, that changes the $1299 tag to under $1000. Along with the 5K display, the 4K display’s price has reduced from $699 to $524. Both the display’s will be available on Apple’s online store in the US, with the 4K model already up for sale and the 5K model sale starting next month. If we take a look at Apple’s adapters and cables, the price will drop ranging from $6 to $20 depending on the tech. -> The USB-C to traditional USB adapter will be sold for $9, dropping from $19 -> The Thunderbolt 3.0 to Thunderbolt 2.0 adapter will be sold for $29, dropping from $49 -> The USB-C to Lightning cable (1 meter) will be sold for $19, dropping from $25 -> The USB-C to Lightning cable (2 meters) will be sold for $29, dropping from $35 -> The Multiport adapter with HDMI, USB, and USB-C will be sold for $49, dropping from $69 -> The Multiport adapter with VGA, USB, and USB-C will be sold for $49, dropping from $69 Almost all of Apple’s “USB Type-C” related stuff is getting a price cut except the USB Type-C charging cables, they are not receiving any price cuts. The company is also cutting the price of third party products it sells, for example, SanDisk’s USB-C SD card will be sold for $29, dropping from the original price of $49. This seems like a good move from Apple. The company is receiving a lot of heat from the new MacBook Pro users, enthusiasts and the critics. Well, USB-C is the future and making the future a little cheaper will make the consumers a little happy. About the author Abhay Ram View all posts Leave a Comment X Comment Name * Email * Website Featured Posts The LG UltraFine 4K display starts shipping; Created... iPhone 8 will be pretty interesting, according to... Best Buy is offering pretty sweet deals on the... MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and Touch ID are getting... iPhone 8 could wirelessly charge without having to... About Us Since 2010, Tapscape.com has been a trusted source for the latest in technology news and analysis. Tapscape is also a leading reviewer of the latest in apps for both iOS and Android devices, with over 2000 apps reviewed to date. Pages About Advertise Contact Submit Your App
null
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7: Which Phone Has The Best Specs, Features? International Business Times 06/11/2016 Karen Tumbokon © Provided by IBT US Yes, smartphone users, despite coverage of the Note 7 recall and the iPhone 7's lack of a headphone jack, there are other smartphones out there. Last month LG released the LG V20, a phone featuring a replaceable battery, enhance audio features and manual camera controls for video. While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. LG V20 Features, Specs, Price -    © Photo: LG While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. LG V20 Specs: The LG V20 sports a 5.7-inch display, dual-cameras, an additional always-on display, great battery life and runs Android 7.0 Nougat. For charging the V20 uses USB-C, featuring a speaker and a headphone jack on each side of the charging port. On the back of the V20 you’ll see a fingerprint reader that also acts as a power button, and a dual-camera setup. Because the V20 has a second display, the V20 is larger than the Galaxy S7 Edge and iPhone 7, measuring at 159.78.1 x 78.1 x 7.6mm which can be challenging to hold with one hand. Though if you’re already used to using a larger phone, you’ll be comfortable using the LG V20. The V20 ships with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of memory, 64GB of storage which expands up to 2TB through microSD and has a 3,200mAh battery. The V20 also offers two camera lenses. One camera lens has an 8-megapixel 135-degree ultra-wide angle lens, while the other camera lens has a 16-megapixel wide-angle shooter. The front of the V20 has a 120-degree lens wide-angle camera with 5 megapixels. LG V20 Features: Besides being one of the first phones to feature Android Nougat, the V20 features a 32-bit Quad DC, which is made by ESS Technology. It supports all kinds of formats, including FLAC, AIFF and Apple Lossless. There’s also an HD audio recorded that captures “studio quality audio” from different miss built into the phone. What this means for you, is there will be less noise and better sound quality. LG claims that the V20 claims a 50 percent reduction of ambient noise levels. The V20 also brings back the secondary screen, but this time it has more brightness, plus a new “signature feature.” Similar to the Galaxy Note, the V20 screen can show a word or phrase when not in use, and you can create wallpaper theme. It also features a removable battery, as well as the option to manually control the video camera. LG V20 Price: For $800 depending on where you buy it, the V20 is priced to compete with some of the best phones on the market right now, including the Galaxy S7 Edge and iPhone 7. Galaxy S7 Edge Specs, Features, Price © Photo: Samsung While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. Galaxy S7 Edge Specs: The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is arguably one of the best smartphones Samsung has ever made. The S7 Edge’s Quad HD (2,560 x 1,440) screen packs in 534 pixels per inch and is beautiful. he S7 Edge is powered by Qualcomm’s high-performance Snapdragon 820 octa-core processor. It also has 4GB of RAM. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow runs smoothly on the Galaxy S7 Edge, even Samsung’s TouchWiz doesn’t slow it down. If you’re a fan of gaming, you’ll want to go with the S7 Edge. The graphics chip is 64% faster than the S6, the phone which ran 3D games like Modern Combat and GT Racing 2. Most devices can’t handle 3D games but the S7 Edge can. Galaxy S7 Edge Features: The S7 Edge also has an “always on display,” which shows what time it is, calendar and other widgets on the screen. That makes it easier to catch the news, sports scores and get shortcuts to specific tasks (like texting your friends). The S7 Edge includes a 3,600mAh battery that can last for an entire day, putting it ahead of the iPhone 7 and LG V20. With the included Fast Charger, the S7 Edge can make it through a busy work day. The S7 Edge has the same cameras as the S7, which is 12-megapixels on the back with optical image stabilization and 5 megapixels on the front. The S7 Edge lets you capture more meaning you can include more people in a group selfie. Both camera lenses also have an f/1.7 aperture, which brings in more light than any other smartphone. This means the S7 Edge can take better pictures at night especially in dimly lit locations. Just like the iPhone 7, the S7 Edge lets you unlock the device with your fingerprint, just press the home button and leave your fingerprint on it. The recognition is faster than the iPhone 7’ Touch ID sensor, but it’s still pretty close. The S7 Edge has a microSD card slot integrated into its SIM card tray. Getting a microSD card to expand storage is a must especially if you want to download tons of apps, music, photos and videos. The S7 Edge can take microSD cards up to 2TB. Other great features about the S7 Edge is its water-resistant, which means it can be submerged in up to five feet of water for close to 30 minutes. While the S7 Edge is a little bit more extra, you at least get a big screen, long battery life and beautiful design. Galaxy S7 Edge Price: The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is also priced at $700 depending on where you buy it. You can buy the Galaxy S7 Edge for $699.99 from Best Buy. If you buy from Samsung directly it will cost $769.99. iPhone 7 Specs, Features Price © Photo: Apple While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. iPhone 7 Features: Apple announced the iPhone 7 at its press event in September. As expected, the iPhone 7 looks similar to the iPhone 6, though it has a camera bump. One of the most significant design change was the two new color choices, which come in Jet Black and a matte black aka Black. Apple also released a Gold, Silver and Rose Gold model. As rumored, Apple removed the 3.5mm headphone jack in favor of wireless headphones - though it does come with an adapter for existing headphones. Fans of wireless headphones won’t mind, but owners of wired headphones will need to carry a 3.5mm Lightning adapter which could be a deal breaker. Apple redesigned the home button on the iPhone 7, making it force sensitive just like the trackpads used in recent MacBook laptops. The camera in the iPhone 7 has been upgraded with optical image stabilization and a brighter f/1.8 lens. iPhone 7 Specs: The iPhone 7 also comes with a new A10 Fusion processor that’s 40 percent faster than the iPhone 6. Apple also says that the new iPhone 7 has the “longest battery life ever of an iPhone,” making it a more powerful device than the Galaxy S7 Edge. When it comes to storage between the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 Edge it’s a pretty close tie. The iPhone 7 is available 32, 128 and 256GB variants, while the Galaxy S7 Edge comes in 32GB or 64GB build. The Galaxy S7 also has a MicroSD slot, which might put the Galaxy ahead of the iPhone 7, especially since MicroSD cards are cheap. iPhone 7 Price: You can buy the iPhone 7 from Apple for $650. It’s always a close race when comparing the iPhone 7, LG V20 and the Galaxy S7 Edge. Though the iPhone 7 is cheaper and more powerful, the Galaxy S7 Edge offers a headphone jack and a bigger display. Sometimes it just comes down to brand loyalty and what operating system you're used to. So if you’re an Android user, you’ll want to go with the Galaxy S7 Edge. If you’re upset Apple removed the headphone jack, that’ll make it even easier for you to want to buy the S7 Edge or LG V20. However, if you’re thinking about switching to iOS and you want a powerful phone that’s easy to use, you’ll want to buy the iPhone 7. The Galaxy S7 Edge is technically the winner, but it really depends on what you’re willing to spend and what features you can and cannot live without.  Go to MSN Home More in News Briton will be extradited to US over hacking charges Sky News Farage: Marine Le Pen has done a good job Huffington Post UK Trial hears Jo Cox was murdered 'by gunman repeating "Britain First"' The Guardian Mosul: Snipers, car bombs and trapped families Sky News Nazi memorabilia on offer at school car boot sale The Guardian Hero dog saves boy stuck in tumbler Press Association Up Next MiG-29 fighter jet crashes into sea Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from International Business Times Paris attacks and the rise of the French right-wing International Business Times SwiftKey for Android has a new update International Business Times Apple to launch 3 iPads in March 2017 International Business Times Nintendo finally confirms end of Wii U International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Samsung Canada remotely updates recalled Note 7s and limits to 60 percent total battery capacity Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week Huawei wants to surpass Apple’s share of the smartphone market in the next two years Patrick O'Rourke November 5, 2016 8:32pm Despite only recently makings its way to North America, China-based Huawei has actually been manufacturing smartphones for over four years now. The company now says it has the lofty goal of becoming one of the largest Android manufactures in the market, surpassing the likes of both Samsung and even Apple. Currently Huawei covers approximately 9 percent of the smartphone industry, amounting to about 33 million devices, with Apple sitting at 12 percent (45 million) and Samsung landing at 20 percent (75 million). Third place is impressive for a new company, but apparently that’s not enough for Huawei. Huawei surpassing both Apple and Samsung is an almost insurmountable task, but according to Richard Yu, the company’s chief executive officer, this is exactly what the company wants to accomplish. “When we announced four years ago that we wanted to sell phones, people told us we were crazy. When we said we wanted to sell 100 million phones, they told us we were crazy. We are going to take them (Apple) step-by-step, innovation-by-innovation. There will be more opportunities. Artificial intelligence, virtual reality, augmented reality. It is like driving a car. At every curve or turn, there is an opportunity to overtake the competition. Step-by-step we are winning the trust and loyalty of the customers. It is about trust and loyalty,” said Yu in an interview with Reuters. Huawei most recently launched the mid-range Nova Plus in Canada. The company’s most notable high-end release in Canada is the Nexus 6P, a smartphone the company released in partnership with Google last year. SourceReuters thereasoner As it is it may not even take 2 years to bump Apple down to 3rd place. Apples iPhone sales declines continue while Huawei is on the rise and they’re only 12-13 million behind Apple in last quarters shipments. TrickyDickie Shhhh! Apple’s sales are declining because the whole markets are! Heretic! /s Can’t Fix Stupid Everyone’s just waiting until the 10th anniversary edition with a revolutionary 3.5 headphone jack. Do Do I wish I could take bets on that not happening any time soon. Unlike with the Iphone 7 I think the next Iphone next year will be a great phone. I could be wrong but I think Apple knows they can’t be as stupid and careless with the Iphone as they have been with their personal computers recently. Also, I believe within the next 3-4 years security issues will become a huge problem and Huawei being a Chinese company is always going to cause concerns about the government some how forcing Huawei to “spy” in some way. Hey, I didn’t make it up, it’s been written about for years. p_lindsay I’m surprised they haven’t already. Brett Allard As of lately Huawei has been doing a fantastic job pushing out quality devices.. Last year when I tried the Mate 8 I was sold on the Kirin processor (Even if the GPU is under powered) and my latest Honor 8 purchase was also a spectacular buy IMO. I have my gripes about EMUI however your getting a quality built device with timely updates (unlike most android OEM’s) It’s Me Apple doesn’t usually chase market share so overtaking them won’t be a huge surprise. The obviously bigger accomplishment will be when they over take Samsung. When Samsung managed to go from the discount rack to top tier a few years ago I said I expected them to get “Samsunged” by Huawei. Seems like that is getting closer, especially with Samsung stumbling and bumbling so frequently lately. FlamesFan89 “so frequently”? Obviously everything to do with the Note 7 has been a complete cluster, but as far as I’ve heard, the S7 and S7 Edge have been a pretty big success, have they not? Are there other issues that haven’t been in the news? It’s Me The Note7 itself was a long series of fumbles. BB71 Then they should start opening their market to places like Canada. If we never have the chance of seeing phones like the Mate 9 come to Canada then their market share will always be just a fraction of what it could be. ciderrules When they sell as many flagships as Apple sells iPhones then they’ll have something to brag about. Even Samsung flagships get outsold by the iPhone by well over 2:1. Flooding the market with cheap devices just so you can say you sold more isn’t really that impressive. Brad Fortin Yeah, chasing market share isn’t worth much if you won’t be making any money from it. These are, after all, businesses, not charities, and there’s no point staying in business if you’re bleeding money like so many Android OEMs are today. Last quarter Apple made 99% of the profits, Samsung made the remaining 1% of profits, and everyone else lost money. Staying in a market like that doesn’t make financial sense. thereasoner Are you really having a conversation with yourself using your cider account? LOL ! Aren’t you also the “it’s me” nut job as well ? How void of a life are you? Lmao! BTW, the last “study” had Apple at over 100% of “smartphone profits”, not 99%, yet dozens of other OEMS, various app stores and even Google/Android aren’t even included in the calculations. But yeah, Apple made 104% of the profits related to smartphones or at least they did as far as their blinded by fanaticism gullible fans are concerned 🙂 Brett Allard This guy is by far the biggest internet goof around. nobody likes a fool who thinks he’s a know it all. Brad Fortin We’re different people. Are you becoming delusional? Do you feel like everyone is against you? Over 100% if you include the losses of its competitors, but a lot people complain whenever someone uses an amount over 100%, and apparently other people complain when you don’t use an amount over 100%. It’s 99% if you only count profits, not losses. And they’re talking about hardware sales, not services, software, etc. Those are separate categories. Domino67 Quarter prior Samsung and Apple both made about 7billion in profits. Brad Fortin Not even close. Samsung made around $4.7 billion and Apple made around $9 billion, almost double, and that’s company-wide profits. Domino67 No they did both make about 7 billion. “Samsung Electronics has published its full second-quarter earnings, confirming earlier guidance that indicated the company’s strongest profits in over two years. Revenue was 50.94 trillion won ($45.2 billion), up 5 percent on a year ago, while operating profit was 8.14 trillion won ($7.22 billion), up 18 percent.” “Apple® today announced financial results for its fiscal 2016 third quarter ended June 25, 2016. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $42.4 billion and quarterly net income of $7.8 billion, Can’t Fix Stupid Operating profit and net income aren’t the same financial measure. Operating profit excludes what is considered one time write offs. Brad Fortin Oh, I didn’t notice you were talking about last quarter’s profits, I’m taking about the latest quarter’s profits: “Samsung profits slipped significantly as a result of the Note 7 debacle, the company confirmed today in financial results for the third quarter of 2016. The results were in line with adjusted earnings guidance issued earlier this month, showing that the company made 5.2 trillion won (around $4.7 billion) in operating profit for Q3 — a year-on-year decrease of 2.19 trillion won (around $1.93 billion) — on revenues of 47.82 trillion won (around $42.1 billion).” And for Apple: “Quarterly revenue of $46.9 billion and quarterly net income of $9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share, down 9 percent on revenue of $51.5 billion and down 19 percent on net income of $11.1 billion, or $1.96 per diluted share, in the same quarter a year ago.” gommer strike The point of Huawei isn’t merely to sell flagships. Huawei’s goal is to provide the market with everything from low-end, mid-range, and high end. Huawei can charge premium prices(but still cheaper than Apple) on their highest-end flagships. It isn’t just all about flagships. It’s about everything in-between. It’s actually very important to get that mindshare out there, and more people pronouncing the brand name correctly as “WAA-way” and not “haa-wahh-wee”. I daresay Huawei stands a much better chance of this lofty goal than say…Xiaomi(if they ever come to North America in the next year). Brett Allard Most people that buy iPhones can’t afford the latest every year and usually settle for a year old or greater model.. This is the fact that blinds you from really understanding the reality of consumers wallets! Can’t Fix Stupid Flooding this site with cheap fanboy comments just so you can say you made lots of comments isn’t really that impressive. gommer strike Surpassing Apple isn’t the problem. It’s surpassing Samsung, that *is*. ciderrules Apple is bigger than Samsung. Brad Fortin Depends which metric you’re talking about. Unit shipments, revenue, profit, etc. ciderrules – Sales of high-end flagships (iPhone crushes Galaxy S and Note series combined). – Revenue from mobile (iPhone revenue is greater than the entire IM division of Samsung, which includes all Samsung phones, tablets, telecommunications equipment and LTE patents). – Overall revenue. Apple passed Samsung Electronics 2 years ago. That includes semiconductors, LCD panels, phones, tablets, desktop & laptop computers, hard drives/storage, digital cameras/camcorders, TVs, home audio, appliances and even the kitchen sink. You could even add Samsung Heavy Industries (who build ships) and Apple still has higher revenues. Domino67 Samsung the conglomerate is MUCH bigger than Apple. Samsung makes over 300 billion a year to Apple 220 billion. BetelgeuseOrion lol Samsung built the Burj Khalifa, Apple has nothing on that. Samsung is far larger than apple as a whole, Samsung’s “mobile division” is relatively small but still bigger than apple’s mobile division. ciderrules Wrong. See my response below. gommer strike “Bigger” in what respects? Let’s talk about worldwide marketshare. Take a look at Samsung’s numbers vs Apple’s. The only region that Apple has a significant marketshare/mindshare, is in North America, most notably in the United States. Everywhere else in world – India, China, Europe, Middle East – Apple’s marketshare is very small. thereasoner The article is about market share/sales, Samsung = 75 million Apple = 45 million Huawei = 33 million ciderrules Numbers are flawed since it doesn’t break down phones by price category. But hey, what can you expect? With the iPhone trouncing Android in every metric you can find, people have to grasp at straws. So they total up all their phones from the $50 ones right up to their $800 ones so make it look like they’re doing better. Selling millions of $50 phones doesn’t do anyone any good. It doesn’t make money for the manufacturer and it doesn’t make money for App developers. These people don’t contribute at all the the Android community since they are glorified feature phones. thereasoner Wow! , you come off as a massively insecure fanboy! It’s hilarious how much Apples iPhone sales declines bother you ! Get used to it kid, even the profits, that you’re so proud of like their yours, are in decline now but I’m sure that your online cheerleading will really help Apple turn things around …/s Lmfao!! ciderrules So you have no facts to counter my argument? Typical. Android is primarily used on low-end junk phones. Fact. iPhone trounces Samsung and all other flagships in sales. Fact. Developers prefer iOS and make more money developing for iOS than they do for Android. Fact. So sorry these facts upset you so much. Domino67 Android is on more high end phones than ios is. The marketshare is 88% Android to 12% iOS. It only takes about 14% of those Android phones to equal the iOS share. Can’t Fix Stupid Oops forgot. You are a fanboy. Fact. Omar No, the numbers aren’t flawed, your understanding of the numbers on the other hand… This has nothing to do with the price of phones. This article isn’t about the market share of flagship phones, or which company makes the most money. It’s about TOTAL market share. That includes phones as expensive as $1000 and as cheap as $0.99. It’s actually quite simple. BetelgeuseOrion Apple has multiple devices for sale including a low end tosser phone (the iphone se) so yeah the statistic and research is done properly since all Samsung phones in number of units sold is compared to all apple phones in number of units sold. “So they total up all their phones from the $50 ones right up to their $800 ones so make it look like they’re doing better. just like apple decided to include the ipad sales as “PC sales” to add to their pitiful single digit market share when everyone knows an ipad is near useless for real work. “Selling millions of $50 phones doesn’t do anyone any good” this is probably the most retarded comment on this website, do you understand why there are different price brackets? do you know why apple is trying to break into the lower price bracket with a free phone? (on contract, the iPhone SE is $0.00 on all Canadian carriers) Brett Allard Not to mention all the iPhone 6 and 6s people sign on contract because now they can finally meet consumers wallets… These are 1 or 2 year old “Flagship” devices. Domino67 Anyway you slice it there is two mobile OS and a person has one phone (generally speaking). Price or profit has no bearing on marketshare in this articles context. Domino67 Samsung sell 2 to 1 of Apple…..makes Samsung bigger. Billy-Ray Boychuk 1 out of 10 phones sold is an iPhone. Apple isn’t bigger than Samsung. Omar “… surpassing the likes of both Samsung and even Apple.” Not to nitpick, but since Samsung is first place by 8%, I feel like this sentence should be worded the other way around (surpassing the likes of both Apple and even Samsung). Mo Dabbas It’s a apple fans website….. I skimmed through the article and didn’t see that, but you are right. The wordings makes it sounds as apple is the one with the highest sales numbers. Can’t Fix Stupid Yeah…that’s pretty brutal phrasing. The VVolf People seem to be getting tired of the iPhone so it shouldn’t be too hard. iFanboys can only hold Apples share of the smartphone market for so long. Just keep the headphone jack and you’ll have no problem. Billy-Ray Boychuk Shouldn’t be too hard if marketed properly. Apple will be focusing on Airpods to generate most of their revenue in 2017. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! No iPhone SE Refresh in 2017, Analyst Claims GO Apple plans to extend the current iPhone SE's lifecycle Nov 5, 2016 22:44 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  The small but powerful iPhone SE is aimed at fans loyal to the first smartphones launched, hence the reduced-size display. Unveiled back in March, the iPhone SE did pretty well on the market, otherwise we can't see a reason for Apple to want to prolong the phone's lifecycle. Obviously, Apple is not going to confirm any of its iPhone plans for next year, but one well-connected analyst might have it right this time. According to Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple is not going to release a new iPhone SE model next year, so we're only going to see the next-generation iPhone. The reason behind Apple's decision may have something to do with the fact that the launch of a smaller, more affordable iPhone SE could reduce sales of the iPhone 8 considerably. However, Kuo mentions that Apple is unlikely to launch a new iPhone SE model in the second fiscal quarter of 2017, which ends in March. Still, that doesn't mean that Apple couldn't launch it later next year. Apparently, Apple's decision to cut out the iPhone SE next year is a direct result of the lower gross margin guidance than the company expected for the first fiscal quarter of 2017. Apple iPhone SE During the latest conference call, Apple has announced that it forecasts gross margins between 38 percent and 38.5 percent until the end of 2016, slightly lower than the company's expectations. The Cupertino-based phone maker was expecting gross margins of more than 39 percent, but apparently failed to deliver. Kuo believes that Apple will be able to ship between 40 million and 50 million iPhone units for the current quarter, about 1.2 million units less compared to last year. For the second quarter of 2017, Kuo forecasts total iPhone shipments volume to amount to about 35-40 million units, just 400k units shy of the amount shipped last year.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #iPhone SE#Apple iPhone#next-gen iPhone#iPhone 6 SE#iPhone 8 subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Despite Rumors, Apple Might Not Launch a 5-Inch iPhone 8 Version in 2017 Apple Could Launch a 5.0-inch iPhone 8, Report Claims Apple to Skip iPhone 8 and 9, Launch 2017 Model as “iPhone 10,” Analyst Says Why Some iPhone 7 Models Are Faster than Others and How to Tell If Yours Is Slow OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac darktable 2.2 to Be a Major Release with RAW Overexposure Indication, New Tools Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Vivaldi 1.5 Web Browser Up to RC State, Fixes H.264 and MP3 Support for openSUSE Salix Xfce 14.2 Live Edition Released, It's Based on Xfce 4.12 & Slackware 14.2 2 photos    Apple iPhone SE new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments iPhone 8 to Launch with Curved 5.0-Inch and 5.8-Inch Displays and No Bezels more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
Follow Us:   Today's Edition | Sunday , November 6 , 2016 |   In Today's Paper Front Page Nation Calcutta Bengal Foreign Business Sports Horse Racing t2 T2 Online Opinion SPONSORED Property NEW Cities & Regions Metro Northeast Jharkhand Bihar Odisha Weekly Features Knowhow Mon You Mon Salt Lake Fri 7days Sun Graphiti Sun Leisure Sudoku Sudoku New Crossword Jumble Gallery Archives Since 1 March, 1999 Press Releases Businesswire India NewsVoir PR Newswire Extras Travel The Telegraph About Us Advertise Feedback Contact Us Front Page > Story Chhath homecoming on iPhone - Parents in Ranchi share rituals with kids abroad via Facetime CHHANDOSREE Kumud Mohan prepares for Chhath at her Ranchi residence on Thursday. Picture by Prashant Mitra Ranchi, Nov. 5: Ageless arghya is meeting new-age Facetime at a Bariatu home in Ranchi this Chhath. Former RIMS radiology head of the department Dr Chandra Mohan (61) and his wife Kumud (57), a professor at Manrakhan Mahto BEd College, are celebrating Chhath with their children Neeraj and Neha, both techies working in the US, through Facetime, a videotelephony feature developed by Apple, on their iPhones. "We are separated by oceans but together online," smiled Kumud, busy with Chhath preparations. "Thanks to the fact that our children work far away, we've become tech savvy." "We shared nahay khay rituals yesterday on Facetime with them and did the same with kharna today," an excited Dr Mohan said. "We will also set up tripods with our two iPhones carefully near the water tank inside our residence when my wife offers arghya on Sunday evening and Monday morning." Kumud started observing Chhath in 1989, when Neeraj and Neha, now 35 and 32, were schoolkids. Now, Neeraj is working with Credit Suisse in North Carolina, while Neha is with Apple Inc. in California. The siblings try to come home every year and stay from Diwali to Chhath, but sometimes, like this year, professional commitments keep both away. But, the Mohans are pretty happy with Facetime that glues them together despite the distance. Last year, Neeraj could not come to Ranchi but Neha could, the parents recalled. "Neha arranged online viewing for Neeraj, our daughter-in-law Archana and grandson Aadit. It was great fun," Kumud said. "For us, it is like cutting the huge distance between the two continents and bringing our children home," Dr Mohan added. But, the time zones will be mighty different, the parents said. "I will offer the evening arghya on Sunday around 5pm, Indian Standard Time. It will be 7.30am for my son Neeraj at North Carolina and 4.30am for my daughter Neha at California. And, my Monday morning arghya time will be Sunday evening time for both of them. Still, the big thing is they can watch me do the rituals and we can we all together as family," Kumud said. Asked whether they fear network glitches during Facetime, which is very common in Ranchi, Kumud said: "Fortunately, I have not come across such troubles. And because it is Chhath, I am sure the sun god and Chhathi maiya will take care of the arrangements so that my children do not miss out on any ritual." "It is god's blessing that they are well settled, so when official compulsions keep them away, we understand," said Dr Mohan. "But, they will be on the screen at home only," smiled Kumud.  More stories in Front Page Delhi schools to stay shut for 3 days as air pollution worsens AAP, Congress playing politics over missing JNU student: BJP 2 soldiers killed, 5 injured in Pakistani firing along LoC   Parliament must accept Brexit vote was legitimate: UK PM May May seeks to boost trade ties with India Garden where ban blooms Baagon mein bahaar hai, Barack? How to discover friends?Get fired Swamy prod hits IIT wall Rahul, Shah for rural polls Lalu anoints Akhilesh, uncle snaps Mukul to head Cong panel    Copyright © 2016 The Telegraph. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us  
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Sport All Sport Football Boxing MMA Cricket Golf Motorsport Rugby Union Tennis WWE Rugby League Horse Racing Cycling Other Sports MOYES THE MERRIER David Moyes is a Premier League winner again – for the first time since April, 2014 In that time the world has seen Miss Piggy and Kermit split up, Apple produce a new watch...and the first penis transplant By GEOFF SWEET 5th November 2016, 9:49 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments DAVID MOYES finally has a Premier League under his belt…his first since April 5, 2014. Sunderland’s 2-1 triumph at Bournemouth was a must-win for the former Manchester United boss – and he duly obliged. Getty Images 13 Happy days…David Moyes chats to Graeme Souness after victory at Bournemouth Moyes’ previous top flight victory came with a 4-0 United win at Newcastle. Keep up to date with ALL the Sunderland news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary. A few days later, though, United were pitched out of the Champions League by Bayern Munich and then United lost to Moyes’ former club Everton. Moyes was duly sacked and replaced by Ryan Giggs. Getty Images 13 Juan Mata celebrates Manchester United’s second in the 2014 win at Newcastle Now, after an unsuccessful spell in Spain with Real Sociedad, Moyes is struggling in the Premier League. But at least he’s off the mark to give Black Cats fans hope they can beat the drop. A lot has happened, though, in the 31 months since he last collected three points in the Prem. Here, SunSport gives the lowdown on major landmarks within that period:   2014 Top of the Pops: She Looks So Perfect by 5 Seconds of Summer was No 1 when United beat Newcastle. Soon afterwards Kim Kardashian and Kanye West were on the April 2014 cover of Vogue. Apple announced its new Apple Watch watch Getty Images 13 5 Seconds of Summer topped the charts Sunday Premier League match preview including Arsenal v Tottenham Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester City each fined around £50million for breaching Fair Play Regulations Arsenal beat  Hull City to win the FA Cup final Hashim Amla became the first non-white captain of the South African cricket team Enterprise News and Pictures 13 Luis Suarez bit Italian Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup Luis Suarez was charged with biting Italy's Giorgio Chielliniat at the World Cup Related Stories STEPPING STONES Five things we want to see from England when the Three Lions take on Spain on Tuesday DAVE KIDD Man United comparing to religions and boasting about followers is all that's wrong with Premier League Latest odds What are the latest odds for Southampton vs Liverpool, what time is kick-off and what channel is it on? TV TIMES What TV channels is Southampton vs Liverpool on, what time is it on and what are the odds? MAD DOG Barnet manager Martin Allen to miss upcoming match with Crewe due to heart operation Latest odds What are the latest odds for England vs Spain, what times is it on and what TV channel is it on? STURR IT UP Daniel Sturridge to spark January transfer war with West Ham and Stoke chasing £28m Liverpool striker The kids aren't Arit 35-year-old Aritz Aduriz set to lead the line for Spain against England at Wembley Germany beats Argentina 1-0 in extra time to become world champions Rory McIlroy won the Open, shooting 271 at Royal Liverpool Scotland voted 'NO' in a referendum deciding whether or not to stay with the United Kingdom Oscar Pistorius was sentenced to five years in prison for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp Getty Images 13 Oscar Pistorius <span style="font-size: 16px">was sentenced to five years in prison</span> Getty Images 13 Thomas Manning recovered well from his penis transplant Cricketer Phillip Hughes died two days after being struck on the head by a bouncer Lionel Messi became Champions League all-time top scorer Thomas Manning received the world's first penis transplant after 15 hours of gruelling surgery and reported that he didn't feel any pain   2015 AB de Villiers makes the fastest century in ODI cricket history from 31 balls against the West Indies James Anderson becomes the highest wicket-taking bowler in England's test cricket history The Tories defied the won the General Election PA:Press Association 13 James Anderson became England's leading wicket-taker EPA 13 David Cameron led the Tories to a General Election triumph Getty Images 13 Kermit and Miss Piggy announced their split Alistair Cook became the leading run scorer of all time in Test cricket for England Muppets Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog announce the end of their relationship on Twitter Floyd Mayweather beat Manny Pacquiao in world's richest ever fight Related Stories STEPPING STONES Five things we want to see from England when the Three Lions take on Spain on Tuesday DAVE KIDD Man United comparing to religions and boasting about followers is all that's wrong with Premier League Latest odds What are the latest odds for Southampton vs Liverpool, what time is kick-off and what channel is it on? TV TIMES What TV channels is Southampton vs Liverpool on, what time is it on and what are the odds? MAD DOG Barnet manager Martin Allen to miss upcoming match with Crewe due to heart operation Latest odds What are the latest odds for England vs Spain, what times is it on and what TV channel is it on? STURR IT UP Daniel Sturridge to spark January transfer war with West Ham and Stoke chasing £28m Liverpool striker The kids aren't Arit 35-year-old Aritz Aduriz set to lead the line for Spain against England at Wembley Over 120 people were killed in series of gun and bomb attacks across Paris Eddie Redmayne won Oscar for The Theory of Everything Cambridge topped the list of our best universities Nasa scientists find evidence of flowing water on Mars   2016 The Queen turned 90 Deaths of showbiz greats stars David Bowie, Terry Wogan, Caroline Aherne, Victoria Wood and Ronnie Corbett PA:Press Association 13 Her Majesty the Queen celebrated her 90th birthday News Group Newspapers Ltd 13 Palmerston moved into the Foreign Office PA:Press Association 13 The Great British Bake Off finished its run on BBC The EU Referendum delivered Brexit The Foreign Office welcomed  a new cat in Palmerston GB won 27 Olympic gold medals at Rio 2016 It was announced that the BBC's The Great British Bake Off is being switched to Channel 4 Leicester City surprisingly won the Premier League Getty Images 13 Moyes finally has something to smile about Let's hope it's doesn't take Moyes so long again to clock up his next Premier League victory. Topics Alastair Cook david bowie David Moyes James Anderson Kermit the Frog Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Sport pre-match of the day nerves! 'Insecure' Alan Hansen reveals he quit BBC show after 22yrs because of NERVES as he's pictured… Football Exclusive stalemate Harry Kane and Spurs call off contract talks... leaving highly-prized England striker on £35k-a-week less… Football Made of money Ronaldo to become football's first €100million-a-year player after massive new deals Football Gunned Down Alexis Sanchez just 2/1 to leave Arsenal and join Premier League rivals Manchester City Football 'Football doesn't belong to you!' Thomas Muller slated by San Marino after moaning about having to play minnows Football Exclusive ED ACHE Chelsea star Eden Hazard's injury update after hobbling off with ankle knock in Belgium's 8-1 Estonia win Football all four one Inter want Man Utd's Matteo Darmian, Daley Blind, Memphis Depay and Chris Smalling Football RonaldK.O. 'I knocked out Cristiano Ronaldo', former Liverpool defender Phil Babb boasts of training ground incident during… Football DOUBLE ACT Jamie Vardy's having a party with Jack Wilshere at England training while Rooney sits it out Football HEADCASES Jose was pulling his hair out when he discovered players arranged for a haircut at team hotel Football 'Let people live their lives' Goldust has issued a statement after his transgender step-child was attacked by three… Sport Small change Chris Smalling could make surprise Arsenal move after spectacular bust up with Mourinho Football Revealed MAD MONEY David De Gea's record-breaking release clause revealed as Real refuse to give up on signing keeper Football SCHWICAGO Bastian Schweinsteiger set to reignite career with big-money move to Chicago Fire after Man Utd freeze-out Football Pictured AWKWARD Jose Mourinho left looking miserable after ending up next to Gerard Pique for Novak Djokovic match at the O2 Football Most Popular THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News Video HONEY'S FIX RAP Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Video Tough times Strictly Come Dancing's Danny Mac hints at personal heartache despite topping leader board TV & Showbiz NUMBER'S UP Eastenders makes a MAJOR blunder as two characters have something very strange in common TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz Video A crying shame Holly and Phil tear up over desperate mother whose son has threatened to kill himself over bullying TV & Showbiz 'WHAT'S HAPPENED TO HER?' I’m A Celebrity fans left stunned by Carol Vorderman’s fresh faced look TV & Showbiz devastating family secret I'm A Celebrity star Larry Lamb's secret agony over daughter he hasn't seen in 46 years TV & Showbiz Right Mess Lionel Messi 'rejects new contract with Barca after worries over tax fraud legal issues' Football It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple won’t be updating the iPhone SE in early 2017, report claims – BGR Posted on November 5, 2016 by BGR When Apple released the iPhone SE this past March, it marked a long overdue admission that a good number of iPhone users simply prefer a smaller 4-inch form factor. For many, Apple’s 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone models are simply too unwieldy for … Forget the iPhone 7 — here are 10 reasons the 2017 iPhone will blow everyone awayBusiness Insider Apple unlikely to refresh iPhone SE in March 2017, analyst saysAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple Car Changes Course as the Spaceship Takes ShapeFortune Mac Rumors -Yahoo News -Cult of Mac -SlashGear all 46 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
Share 6 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding Entertainment 2016-11-13 Dave Chappelle Comeback? Fans Hoping ‘Saturday Night Live’ Appearance Leads To A New Comedy Show For Chappelle News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore News 2016-11-14 Final 2016 Election Results: Hillary Clinton’s Popular Vote Lead Continues To Grow, She Likely Beat Donald Trump By More Than 1 Million Votes News 2016-11-14 Why Did Alex Baldwin Not Reprise His Role As Trump On ‘SNL’ After The Election? News 2016-11-14 Photo Of 3 Cows Stranded On Hill After Supermoon Earthquake: Meanings And Rescue Attempts Sought [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss No New Apple iPhone SE Release In March 2017, Only iPad Air 3 & iPad Pro 2? Mobile 6 0 0 November 5, 2016 No New Apple iPhone SE Release In March 2017, Only iPad Air 3 & iPad Pro 2? Venus Montalbo The latest Apple rumor mill churns out the possibility of a simultaneous release for the iPad Pro 2 and iPad Air 3 next year. Meanwhile, Apple fans might not see a new iPhone SE, at least, during the first quarter of 2017. Apple’s small-form factor iPhone SE has not even celebrated its first birthday yet but specs and release rumors about its next-generation model are already going around online. The iPhone SE was first introduced March of this year and with the usual annual upgrades for mobile devices, some speculations are now suggesting that a new version of the 4-inch iPhone could be set for release around the same time next year. DBS Designing, a YouTube channel, has even made an iPhone SE concept video, which shows the Apple phone with a full-screen display and highly-advanced specs. Watch it below. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cCulFBveiaw?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> However, if the recent claim of analyst Ming-chi Kuo is to be believed, as cited by Apple Insider, the updated version of the iPhone SE will not get a March 2017 release as Apple wants to further increase gross margins and protect the latest flagship devices from more in-house competition. “In a note to investors obtained by AppleInsider on Friday, Kuo says Apple will prolong iPhone SE’s lifecycle beyond the usual one year rotation in a bid to boost gross margins and minimize cannibalization of high-end flagships like the iPhone 7,” the report explained. A new iPhone SE may not arrive early next year but tech enthusiasts can still look forward to other rumored Apple devices — the two updated versions of iPads in particular. The March 2017 launch timeframe also pops up when talking about the rumored release of the next-gen iOS slates with the latest grapevines telling us that both the iPad Air 3 and iPad Pro 2 could take the spotlight during an Apple event taking place before the first quarter of 2017 ends. [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Going over the iPad Pro’s release history, the very first model (12.9-inch Retina display) was revealed September 2015 and its 9.7-inch variant arrived six months later. The tech industry, looking forward to the next upgrade, unsurprisingly expected an iPad Pro 2 debut at Apple’s September 2016 event. But unfortunately, it did not mention any new iPad, thus, making the release speculations for iPad Pro 2 shift now to a March 2017 launch. Moreover, PC Advisor explained why there might be a need for the Cupertino-based tech to wait for early 2017 before releasing any upgraded version of the iPad Pro, especially if they are planning to use a more advanced chipset. “The current A9X chip – which is used by both iPad Pro models – is based on the 16nm FinFET process, the same used by the new generation of graphics cards from nVidia and AMD. In order to produce a chip with significantly faster performance without high power consumption, Apple will have to wait until chip manufacturers are ready to move down to 10nm, which is rumoured to be late in 2016.” As for the iPad Air 3, the waiting game for this Apple tablet has actually been a lot longer, as original release predictions for it were traced back to October 2015. But, according to recent reports, the iPad Air 3 is purportedly going to be the final model to be released for the iPad Air series and it will also be unveiled in March 2017 together with the iPad Pro 2. However, MacWorld brought up that a simultaneous release of these two iPads could pose a marketing debacle for Apple, especially if both will have the same screen size. “Having a brand-new (presumably 9.7-inch) iPad Air alongside new iPad Pros of the same screen size would be confusing for customers, and it’s hard to see how Apple would differentiate the two,” the post noted. [Image by Tomohiro Ohsumi/Getty Images] Are you following the news regarding the iPhone SE, iPad Air 3, and iPad Pro 2? The Inquisitr will continue to keep you in the loop for more updates about Apple’s upcoming devices. Meanwhile, make sure to take all the release speculations circulating online with a pinch of salt as we wait for official announcements from the iPhone maker. [Featured Image by Tomohiro Ohsumi/Getty Images] Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus, And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak Share 6 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Venus Montalbo Tags: Apple, ipad air 3, iPad Pro, iphone Comments LATEST HEADLINES President Obama: Gwen Ifill, Trump Transition, Commitment To NATO [Breaking, Video] Does Michael Jackson Have His First Grandchild On The Way? Secret Son Is Expecting A Baby Taylor Swift Ditches Pop Sound For “Hip-Hop And R&B” Album ‘Duck Dynasty’ Feud: John Luke And Sadie Robertson At Odds Over ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Opportunity Sammy Watkins Delayed Return Leaves Bills Fans, Fantasy Owners Worried ‘Shark Tank’: 10-Year-Old Entrepreneur Jack Bonneau Is About More Than Selling Lemonade ‘Love and Hip Hop: Atlanta’ Rumors: Young Dro Added To The Cast? Joseline Keeping Her Body Fit? WWE News: The Rock Teases An Appearance At ‘WrestleMania 33’ Mike Pence Emails Scandal: VP Elect Hiding Republican Spending Waste, Says Attorney New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 50.2k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.2k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 26.7k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.1k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.2k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 10.1k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.6k 0 0 Recent Headlines ‘Shark Tank’: 10-Year-Old Entrepreneur Jack Bonneau Is About More Than Selling Lemonade 0 0 0 WWE News: The Rock Teases An Appearance At ‘WrestleMania 33’ 22 0 0 Mike Pence Emails Scandal: VP Elect Hiding Republican Spending Waste, Says Attorney 0 0 0 New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore 5 0 0 California High School Student Allegedly Beaten For Supporting Trump On Instagram [Video] 0 0 0 Little Mix Get Naughty Despite Being Role Models For Young Fans 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Gaming Reviews Tech News Home Tech Tech News Samsung Gear S3 release date price confirmed, more expensive than Apple Watch Series 1 Samsung Gear S3 release date price confirmed, more expensive than Apple Watch Series 1 THE SAMSUNG Gear S3 release date price has been confirmed, with the new versions out-pricing the first Apple Watch series 1. By Gary Jones / Published 5th November 2016 SAMSUNG The Samsung Gear S3 release date price has been confirmed Samsung unveiled its latest tech timepiece at the IFA tech show in September, coming in two styles and including a wave of new features such as water resistant design, in-built GPS and the ability to make contactless payments. The Samsung Gear S3 release date in the US has been set for later in November and now the tech company has revealed the full price of their new device. The South Korean company will be selling their new smartwatch with a £349 price tag, a big rise over the current Apple Watch Series 1. The Apple Watch Series 1 starts from £269 for the 38mm case, and £299 42mm case, although there is a big difference between it and the Apple Watch 2. Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch in pictures Wednesday, 31st August 2016 SAMSUNG has revealed its new Gear S3 Classic and Frontier smartwatches 1 / 5 DAILY STAR ONLINE/DAVE SNELLING Samsung's new Gear S3 Classic and Frontier smartwatch While it boasts the same dual-core processor as the Apple Watch Series 2, the entry-level wearable is not waterproof to 50 metres, nor does it have an in-built GPS. There's also Samsung's iconic rotating bezel, which allows users to navigate the apps and messages on the 1.3inch circular AMOLED display, and a 4-day battery life. Samsung Gear S3 is also compatible with any smartphone running Android 4.4 KitKat or higher, with 1.5GB of RAM. Related Articles Samsung Gear S3 release date, price and mystery new feature REVEALED Samsung Galaxy S7 edge deals - now is very good time to buy this award-winning phone Why using your smartphone a plane could cost you £150,000 The new wearable comes in two different styles, the Gear S3 Classic and S3 Frontier sports watch, which have been calibrating for different activities. The Frontier is a fitness-minded watch, as well as a leisure wearable, while the Classic variation “pays homage to the minimalist, elegant style found in the most iconic timepieces.” That’s according to Samsung, who have confirmed that both variants of the tech timepiece keep the same spinning bezel mechanism pulled straight from the successful Gear S2 series. "Whether you thirst for adventure, or prefer a more classic design, both are the perfect blend of form and function," the South Korean firm teases on its website. "Welcome to a new generation of smartwatches." Comments Tech News More Your secret online porn history could soon be available for everyone to see 400 MILLION people could be about to have their private adult web data leaked online. Black Friday 2016 - Amazon sales begin TODAY - here's the best... Samsung Galaxy S8: Samsung's next smartphone could feature thi... Black Friday 2016 - ultimate guide to Amazon, Tesco, Argos and... Samsung Gear S3: UK price and release date for this great smar... Android Nougat Samsung Galaxy S7 edge - here's how to download it Black Friday 2016 - Argos early sales begin with huge deals on... Hatchimals UK - where and how to buy the hit toy of Christmas... Internet in meltdown as Facebook wrongly declares people DEAD Tech News More Black Friday 2016 - Argos announces huge week of deals how to make sure you don't miss out ARGOS Black Friday sales 2016 will start next week with huge savings expected on top tech, games, toys and gadgets - here's when the sale starts. PS4 Pro price and how much should you spend on the ultimate 4K TV The Grand Tour - Amazon hides some big show secrets but here's... When is Amazon Black Friday 2016? Biggest sale ever revealed a... MacBook Pro UK - why now could be your last chance to grab a b... How to buy Hatchimals UK - Tesco Direct, Argos and Toys R Us b... If you get this invoice from Sonos on your iPhone DON'T open it There's now a much cheaper way to an iPhone from Apple Black Friday 2016 - Smyths toys early deals with top gifts and... Tech News More Google Daydream View UK - VR headset goes on sale this week and here's how to get one GOOGLE has just launched its new Pixel smartphone and it's now about to release the clever Daydream View VR headset. If this iPhone 7 rumour is true you might want to wait before ... Thinking of buying a new 4K TV? Why now could be the best time... Black Friday 2016 Tesco Direct deals - how to make sure you do... WhatsApp finally gets the feature you've all been waiting for ... Virgin Media is offering the ultimate deal for WhatsApp fans a... The Grand Tour - Amazon Black friday sales 2016 could make it ... Amazon Black Friday 2016 - big savings coming to the UK and de... Black Friday 2016 - get Sky Q FREE for a year with this early ... Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Rugby League Motorsport Boxing Racing Other Rugby World Cup UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV X Factor Strictly I'm A Celebrity Music Movies Britain's Got Talent Big Brother Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Diet & Fitness Love & Sex Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Just Jane Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Family Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
KEYC - Apple Valley police believe man killed woman, then himself Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Your Photos Hometown Business Connection Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Featured Links KEYC News 12 Good People Awards Golden Apple Pick of the Litter KEYC News 12 Weather Map Room School Closings Sign-Up School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Minnesota Sports Headlines Sports Extra Iowa Sports Headlines Prep Athlete of the Week Pick of the Litter Golden Apple Veterans Notes Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Community Calendar Hometown Business Connection Toys for Tots Watch CBS Online Watch FOX Online Mr. Food Bandwagon Staff Bios Advertise With Us Studio 12 Employment Opportunities FAQ EEO Reports Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple Valley police believe man killed woman, then himself APPLE VALLEY, Minn. (AP) - Authorities have released the names of an Apple Valley man and woman who died in what investigators are calling an apparent murder-suicide. The Hennepin County medical examiner identified them as 49-year-old Alan Lee Josephson and 56-year-old Lynn Marie Josephson. The Apple Valley Police Department says examination of the crime scene and information from both autopsies indicate that Alan Josephson fatally shot Lynn Josephson in the head and then shot himself. Authorities believe the deaths occurred Wednesday evening. Officials say a neighbor heard loud noises at that time. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Home KEYC News 12 CBS News News Tips/Photos Ag News Money Talks Stock Markets Weather School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Sports Local Sports Sports Extra Prep Athlete of the Week AP Sports Video Connect RSS Headlines Employment Facebook Twitter Email Sign-Up Feedback Submit a Story On Air News Staff Bios Program Schedule Sales Public File Online All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, WorldNow and KEYC. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Spend $6 to Never Lose Your iPhone 7 Headphone Adapter Don Reisinger Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)November 5, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A small startup has built a simple accessory aimed at helping you keep track of your Apple headphone adapter. The company, called Uncourage, has announced a new keychain named the Uncourage Plug. The accessory comes with a simple keychain and a 3.5mm headphone connector that plugs into the headphone adapter that ships with the iPhone 7. From there, it just dangles until you’re ready again to plug the adapter into your iPhone and strap on your headphones. Apple made the controversial decision in September to announce a new iPhone without a headphone jack. During the presentation where it unveiled the iPhone 7, Apple said that its smartphone wouldn’t offer a headphone jack. The move was criticized by many who believed the headphone jack would be a critical feature for years to come. MORE: 12 Cheap Earbuds (Under $20) Ranked from Best to Worst Apple, however, argued against such claims, saying that it had the “courage” to make the decision. In fact, Apple used the term “courage” on several occasions during the presentation to make its argument. Before long, it became a meme on social media sites. This is the world in which we live: a place where we need to buy a $6 accessory for another accessory to listen to music with another accessory. Uncourage might be on to something. The headphone adapter that ships with the iPhone 7 is a diminutive accessory that has a Lightning connector on one end and a headphone jack port on the other. Tossing it in a packed bag will likely make it go missing and given its size, it’s not hard to leave it behind at the coffee shop or at home. If you can get into the habit of actually plugging it into Uncourage’s keychain accessory, however, it might stick it out with you over the long haul. The very idea that you need to pay $6 for an accessory that will help you remember another accessory might annoy some. But alas, this is the world in which we live: a place where we need to buy a $6 accessory for another accessory just to listen to music with another accessory. See also : 23 Essential iPhone 7 Tips and Tricks iPhone 8 Rumors: What to Expect from the 10th Anniversary iPhone Best Places to Buy and Sell a Used iPhone Upgrading the iPhone 7? Read This Before You Do Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Tonight’s supermoon will be the most spectacular so far BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Tech Buzz Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 14, 2016 04:23:22 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Tech Buzz | Gadget Ogling: Mac's Back, Nintendo Returns, and Huawei Goes to the Edge By Kris Holt Nov 5, 2016 10:35 AM PT Welcome to Gadget Dreams and Nightmares, the column that leads you by the hand through the sprawling labyrinth of gadget announcements to find the hidden treasure. In our chest of delights this time around are the latest MacBook Pro, Nintendo's new console, and a smartphone from Huawei. As always, these are not reviews, partly because some of these items are months away from hitting retailers' shelves. The ratings relate only to how much I'd like to try each item. Apple Crunch Apple has unveiled a redesigned MacBook Pro, giving the company's core laptop its first full refresh in a few years. The design has metal on all sides, along with a Force Touch trackpad double the size of previous versions. There's a customizable OLED touch strip above the keyboard that responds to gestures and taps -- a demo indicated one might use it for fast access to various emoji or for secondary controls within an app. It essentially replaces function keys, but with far more purpose and control. To the side of the Touch Bar is the second-generation Touch ID module for fingerprint authentication. Naturally, it's the thinnest, lightest MacBook Pro ever, because Apple and hyperbole are tighter than Velcro and fabric. The display is 67 percent brighter and displays 25 percent more colors, though apparently somehow eats less power than before. The battery apparently lasts up to 10 hours on a single charge. For connectivity, there are four Thunderbolt USB Type-C ports and a 3.5mm headphone jack, which Apple clearly displayed great courage to include. However, there are no HDMI, USB or Thunderbolt ports, or any memory card slots. The Type-C ports are all you get -- even if, thankfully, there are three more than in the previous MacBook. I'm sure it's shinier and prettier and smarter and thinner and faster than ever, and that's well and good. Aside from the compelling Touch Bar, though, there's not a lot to get truly thrilled about. Excising regular USB ports mean you'll need adaptors to connect many of your peripherals (including your iPhone). I'm honestly just waiting for Apple to fit an operating system and processing power into an eye implant à la Black Mirror. Rating: 4 out of 5 Yawning Emojis Switching Things Up Regular readers will note I am a lifelong lover of games, and particularly Nintendo. I remember how excited I was as a 6-year-old to unwrap my Super Nintendo on Christmas morning. I've devoted many, many hours to Super Mario World and my favorite game of all time, The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, in the quarter century since. The Wii U didn't much excite me, except for the tremendous Super Mario Maker. However, the latest Nintendo offering, Nintendo Switch, offers a look at a new future for console gaming. Switch is a hybrid system that, when nestled into its dock, connects to a television. So far, so traditional. However, when you lift Switch out of said dock, it instantly transforms into a portable gaming system with a high-definition display. The device has two detachable Joy-Con controllers, with one connected to each side. These can stay separate, connect with an accessory to become a more traditional controller, or be used as individual controllers for some multiplayer games. Switch also will support a standalone pro controller. Switch uses GameCard cartridges instead of discs, which suggests the system may not be backward-compatible with Wii or Wii U games. Gamers can connect multiple Switch systems for local multiplayer play. It seems like Switch is designed to replace both the Wii U and the 3DS, which is curious, since Nintendo's handheld systems have performed well for some time. Even with such scant details (the Switch doesn't go on sale until March), Switch is an utterly compelling console. It looks like it's going to hit the right balance between casual and more passionate gamers that the Wii and Wii U consoles never were able to find. Plus, there's that wonderful IP in Mario, Zelda, and so many other titles. I truly can't wait to get my hands on one, and then proceed to lose easily in a game of Mario Kart. Rating: 5 out of 5 1-Ups Nothing but Screen I've made no bones about being someone who's probably an iOS lifer at this point, but if anything were to push me into switching smartphone teams, it'd be something like the Mi Mix Android phablet. It seems a little larger than I'd like, with a 6.4-inch screen, but that's almost entirely screen real estate -- the display takes up 91.3 percent of the body. It looks gorgeous, almost like the pure glass phone of Jony Ive's dreams. It's not quite that, though, as the rear and side buttons are made of ceramic. Ultrasound takes the place of a proximity sensor, which is neat, and the Mi Mix houses 4 GB of RAM, 128 GB of storage, and uses the same Snapdragon processor as Google Pixel. There's a rear 16-megapixel camera -- though weirdly, the front-facing camera is at the bottom of the phone to account for all of that screen space. Again, the design is spectacular. It's probably the best-looking smartphone I've seen since the iPhone 6. It's a shame that you'll likely need to pay a premium to import one from China, when Xiaomi really could have something on its hands were it to take this globally. I'd absolutely be tempted to get it, even if I am bound to my contract for another year. Rating: 5 out of 5 Bezel Killers Kris Holt is a writer and editor based in Montreal. He has written for the Daily Dot, The Daily Beast, and PolicyMic, among others. He's Scottish, so would prefer if no one used the word "soccer" in his company. You can connect with Kris on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Kris Holt Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What effect will the Trump presidency have on efforts to combat climate change? We'll see grave environmental damage instead of progress. Fear of negative consequences will spur more positive actions. Trump probably will come around to a more moderate position. We won't see much change either way in just four years. Trump will expose the climate change hoax -- and it's about time. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Hype Video Broadcast App Has Niche Potential Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Tech USB-C I have lived the USB-C #donglelife. Here’s what you’re in for New, 289 comments I come from the future of ports, where everything is wonderful and terrible by Dieter Bohn@backlon Nov 5, 2016, 1:22pm EDT share tweet Linkedin There has been more talk of dongles now that Apple has gone and done it: excised all ports on the new MacBook Pros except one: USB-C. It is good and right to be unhappy that there aren’t any standard USB-A ports, MagSafe, or SD card slots on these new MacBook Pros. If that gives you serious pause, I am with you and don’t have any easy answers beyond “buy the dongles and deal with them.” Lucky for you, yesterday Apple relented a bit and slashed the prices on many of its adapters. I have been using USB-C for a year now, on the non-Pro MacBook, so I thought I should share some of my experiences. And I want to tell you that the #donglelife (yes, it’s a hashtag) is not all that horrible for me, day to day. That’s in large part because I am smack in the center of Apple’s target market: I don’t need to plug stuff beyond power into my computer all that often, so when I do it’s not too big a hassle to use a dongle. And much to my surprise, I don’t miss MagSafe as much as I expected to. If I were a photographer or video director who needs to use SD cards constantly and who already has a cache of hard drives that require different ports, it might be a different story. When USB-C works, it’s magical I feel strange defending dongles, because you can and should count me among the people who think that removing the headphone port from the iPhone 7 was a user-hostile mistake. But for me, the big difference between needing dongles for your laptop and needing dongles for your phone is that you usually carry your laptop around in a bag, which has pockets that can carry dongles. I should also point out that I am a USB-C partisan. The dream of this single port was and always has been that you will be able to stop carrying around a different cable for every. damn. gadget. you. own. We do not live in that world yet, but I’ve experienced bits and pieces of it and I genuinely think a little pain now is worth it for that better future. Apple's right to force the issue on USB-C. Good on them for dropping prices. Wish it was on iPhone. Same plug for phone, laptop is GREAT.— Dieter Bohn (@backlon) November 4, 2016 When I sit down at my desk, I plug a single cable in to charge my MacBook, drive my display, and connect up to the USB Hub built into my monitor. Yes, this requires a dongle, but as soon as I upgrade to a USB-C (or Thunderbolt 3, depending!) monitor, it won’t. Of course, another reason I like USB-C is that I can use the same cable to charge my laptop and my phone (a Google Pixel). That’s not something iPhone users can say. In fact, one of the big differences between the dongle on the iPhone 7 and the USB-C dongles is that USB-C is a common standard used by most computer companies — you can find it on Android phones, on Windows PCs, on tablets, and on Chromebooks. You can find it, in fact, on nearly everything except the iPhone. That’s not to say that I don’t think that the Lightning connector is superior to USB-C (it is), but as a standard for an ecosystem, USB-C isn’t dependent on Apple’s permission. So long-term, I think USB-C is going to make our computing lives better. And in the short term, you are likely going to have small “AHA” moments where you can plug in a single cable and have neat stuff happen. I really do think that Apple made the right decision to aggressively push the industry forward into this future — although I would have put an SD card slot in there were I designing the MacBook Pro. I also wouldn’t tell you you’re wrong if you said it should have included a traditional USB-A port, but I am not personally enraged by it. All is not well in dongleland Assuming that we get past this interim period, a single port for everything sounds great! However, the pain of these ports is bigger than just having to use dongles. USB-C is an industry standard and, like all industry standards, it sometimes gets implemented by fools and fly-by-night outfits. I want to tell you that everything is going to be okay, but let’s take a tour through some of what’s going on in the world of USB-C right now. Poorly constructed USB-C cables can sometimes allow connected devices to draw too much power and damage your gadgets (it happened to me). And even when that’s not the case, poorly constructed USB-C cables can cause weird bugs that you wouldn’t expect when it comes to inter-device communication (this, too, happened to me!). Some users have also found that simply charging can be finicky — you might plug in only to discover that the amperage isn’t powerful enough or the wire is poorly made or the device itself doesn’t adhere to the standard like it ought to. I’ve also tried a bunch of different USB-C docks and hubs — my Amazon purchase history is a gallery of sorrow and misspent dollars. To a one, these multi-port hubs have been flaky and unreliable — usually when it comes to their SD card slots. Others have had better luck, but a year after the release of the MacBook we’re still waiting for the One True Hub that will really cover the bases for most people. Happily, all of Apple’s adapters have performed excellently — the company just doesn’t offer an all-in-one solution, so I end up carrying two or three different dongles just in case. Bottom line: buy from vendors you trust. If for some reason you can’t, look hard for those ineffectual USB Implementers Forum logos that theoretically denote safe cables. Amazon is trying to crack down on bad cables, too. But still, even today the surest way to know if a cable is safe is to look for a review from one heroic Google engineer (seriously). So that all sounds awful. And we’re not done yet: Technically, the ports on the new MacBook Pro are both USB-C and Thunderbolt 3. Both protocols work using the same connector. That seems fine, but we’re facing a situation where the connectors look the same but don’t necessarily operate the same. For example, Nilay Patel tried plugging his DisplayPort monitor into a USB-C to Thunderbolt adapter. See, Thunderbolt uses the same connector as Mini DisplayPort, but his adapter didn’t support DisplayPort, it only supported Thunderbolt. The best part is that the Thunderbolt 2 dongle Apple gave me doesn’t actually drive mini displayport so this didn’t work https://t.co/bF6Q7ilTmi— nilay patel (@reckless) October 31, 2016 On top of that, even on a brand-new MacBook Pro, identical-looking ports will offer different throughput, depending on which side you happen to plug in on. It can get even worse, as Stephen Foksett explains: Consider a simple USB-C HDMI adapter: It could implement HDMI over USB 3.0 or it could use Alternate Mode (native) HDMI. It could also use HDMI “multiplexed” with Thunderbolt Alternate Mode or even (theoretically) implement HDMI over Thunderbolt using an off-board graphics chip! Of these options, only the newest computers, like the MacBook Pro, would support all three. Can you imagine the consumer confusion when they purchase a “USB-C HDMI adapter” only to find that it doesn’t work with their MacBook or Pixel or whatever? I feel like this Apple support article headline, of all support article headlines, should actually start with "So," https://t.co/r2JWWjKROd— nilay patel (@reckless) November 5, 2016 At this point I know what you’re thinking: USB-C is not ready for prime time. Even if you accept that we all have to use dongles for the next few years, it’s still insane that Apple is foisting this confusing and potentially dangerous connector on people. And I would agree with you, but the only way we’re going to figure this single-connector situation out is to start figuring it out by using it, buying them, and finding what works. “Can you imagine the consumer confusion?” And, again, the irony is that this “Apple is correct to foist the future on everybody right now, before we’re totally ready” stance is particularly rich coming from me, a guy who thinks Apple should have left the 3.5mm headphone jack in the iPhone. I’ve watched in amazement (and, I will admit, no small amount of Schadenfreude) as people who vigorously defended the decision to remove a standard, common port on the iPhone are bemoaning the fact that Apple did exactly that on the MacBook. I have exactly the opposite opinion, though. With the iPhone 7, Apple removed a standard port and replaced it with a demand that we use wireless audio. Apple is effectively asking everybody to either use a proprietary solution (A W1-blessed Bluetooth headset or Lightning audio) or solution that is in many ways not as good (Bluetooth audio without Apple’s fancy W1 chip). And there’s no guarantee the prices will come down on either of those things anytime soon. I’m still waiting for the One True Dongle Compare that to the switch to USB-C. Here, the entire industry is lining up behind a common standard that will work across all devices and be relatively cheap. It’s unproven, yes, but everybody who makes a circuit board is motivated to get it right. It’s not so much removing a standard port as it is replacing an old standard with a new standard. Having lived with some of the worst of USB-C for a year, I think that for most users the pain of this switchover is going to be briefer and smaller than they might expect. I do wish that Apple would either create or bless the One True USB-C Dongle, something with a few ports and a reliable SD card slot. Carrying one dongle is embarrassing, carrying three (as I do) is downright ridiculous. It gets much, much trickier for pro users — the very people who need a new, powerful MacBook the most. For them, I think Apple’s reduced prices on adapters is a boon, but it’s going to take a while to see if Apple forces the rest of the industry to make USB-C and Thunderbolt peripherals more quickly. Given how many Windows computers and Android devices are moving to it alongside the MacBook, I’m cautiously optimistic. Should have put an SD card slot in, though. And put a USB dongle in the box. More From The Verge A Tribe Called Quest’s new album is tear-jerking, essential protest music Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to the Mac Google Play Music gets a total overhaul Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach Two-thirds of the world's internet users live under government censorship: report This Article has a component height of 42. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 3 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Get News Alerts Latest News © 2016 North Jersey Media Group November 5, 2016, 1:13 PM Last updated: Monday, November 7, 2016, 7:40 AM With no IT department, small businesses are turning to tech titans for help By JOAN VERDON STAFF WRITER |  The Record Lynda Brennan, an educational development consultant and author, recently invested in a Microsoft Surface Pro laptop to manage her small business. She likes the ability it gives her to write on the screen during presentations, and to hold video conferences, but the special feature she values most about her new computer is that it comes with a DomenicNadal. Marko Georgiev/Staff photographer North Jersey publisher Lynda Brennan speaks with Gregg Carline, left, and Dominic Nadal, right, of Microsoft at Westfield Plaza in Paramus. Nadal is the business support specialist at the Microsoft retail store in Paramus, and when Brennan came to the store looking to buy a new computer, she ended up with a package that includes technical support in the form of up to one hour a day of Nadal's time. JIM ALCORN/SPECIAL TO THE RECORD Mudit Gupta, co-owner of the iStore by St. Moritz in Englewood, heads up savvy text suppor alongside Jamie Hwang, right. “I work by myself for the most part - kind of in a little vacuum - and when I hit a roadblock I need to be able to go out and ask somebody something,” Brennan said. When she encounters a glitch working on her website, or with a PowerPoint presentation, “instead of being up all night trying to figure it out, I simply shoot Domenic an email, let him know that I am going to be coming by that afternoon, and the problem is solved,” she said. When a business is too small to have an information technology department, or a computer help desk, who can they call when a laptop freezes up, data disappears into the cloud, or a web page won't load? Small business tech support has become a growing marketing niche for tech titans such as Microsoft and Apple, and retailers such as Best Buy and Staples. While lots of private companies provide tech support for business clients, these retail stores are reaching out to the smallest of small businesses, often one-person shops that run their companies on a single laptop or cellphone. Entrepreneurs also are turning to the Small Business Administration, and universities and community colleges for workshops and classes that address their technology needs. “People who are in their own businesses have to fill every role,” said Bernadette Tiernan, executive director of the William Paterson University School of Continuing and Professional Education. “So they're not only the CEO and the president and the founder, but they're also the accountant and the head of the finance department and the head of marketing and human resources, and in their spare time they empty the wastebaskets and go out and do sales,” she said. The School of Continuing and Professional Education offers courses for people who want to master skills such as the QuickBooks accounting program, or learn how to harness social media to promote their business. “I've found small business owners are really quick learners and highly motivated,” Tiernan said. “There's not a lot of time to make mistakes” when someone is starting a business, she said. Tiernan and the School of Continuing and Professional Education works with the university's Small Business Development Center to develop tech-related courses needed by entrepreneurs. Kate Muldoon, regional director of the center, said the center also works one-on-one with people who need help growing their businesses, in addition to offering courses on in-demand subjects such as website development, or data backups. The center also connects companies with consultants who can solve tech emergencies, such as the one experienced by a Paterson business that couldn't access its stored data. The problems the center addresses can be as critical as emergency data retrieval, or more basic, Muldoon said. “Sometimes it's as simple as helping them set up an email address for their business,” she said. Microsoft, Apple, Best Buy and Staples all offer various levels of tech support for small business for a monthly or yearly fee that can range from under $30 a month to more than $100, depending on the level of service. Microsoft and Apple offer business customers the option of leasing their phones, laptops, or tablets, for a monthly fee. Brennan, a math teacher in New York state for more than 20 years, who lives in Rockland County, and publishes the Math MileMarkers education books that aid in teaching the core curriculum, said she was happy to learn she could lease rather than pay the full cost for the Surface Pro device. After making several visits to the Microsoft store to investigate buying a new computer, a salesperson suggested she speak with Nadal. “Lynda told me 'I need to be able to conference with people; I need to be able to send documents; I need to have a file structure,' ” Nadal said. He recommended Microsoft's Office 365 small business premium package, which, with the equipment lease, costs about $93 a month. “I'm entitled to one hour per day and there are certain periods of the year when I take advantage of one hour per day,” Brennan said. “It's an amazing deal because without it honestly I would have had to hire somebody to do a lot of things.” Other types of small business clients Nadal has worked with include physical therapists who use their tablets to take notes about patients, and landscapers and contractors who need to show renderings to clients. “It's really about being a technical adviser to these companies,” said GreggCarline, business sales specialist at the Paramus Microsoft store. “Most folks that come in know their business inside and out, but the gap they need filled is the technology.” Having retail stores has enabled Microsoft to connect directly with small business owners, Carline said. Before Microsoft had a retail operation, “there really wasn't a place for small entrepreneurs or mid-market accounts to go with tech problems,” he said. While business customers can get tech support at Apple retail stores, the company also refers them to Apple Authorized Service Providers such as the iStore by St. Moritz in Englewood. Mudit Gupta, co-owner of that store and previous owner of the Essex Computers iStore on Route 17, said demand for business support is growing so rapidly that he recently opened a second store, in Union Square in Manhattan. “We can sell the equipment, install it, network it, service it, and offer in-house and on-site training,” Gupta said. The store has business clients ranging from mom-and-pop companies to Fortune 100 companies in New Jersey that primarily use PCs and Windows, and have their own IT departments for those machines, but need support for Macs and other Apple products used in certain departments, such as marketing or graphics. It also has non-business, consumer clients, who bring their personal iPhones or laptops in for repair. Business clients can buy a block of time - the rate for 25 hours is $3,875, or $155 an hour, that doesn't expire until all of the hours are used up - that can be used for troubleshooting or training. Gupta said he and his employees have worked with caterers who use their laptops to store menus and contracts, doctors who use iPads for patient notes and prescriptions, realtors, lawyers, auto dealerships and photographers. Photographers, in particular, often turn to the store for repairs of their discontinued Mac Tower computers - favored by photo studios for their multiple hard drives and video cards - that Apple stores no longer repair. Music DJ's also tend to need emergency tech support. “They will say, 'My entire music is on this and now the laptop is not working and I have a gig tonight,' ” Gupta said. Email: verdon@northjersey.com NorthJersey.com : News NorthJersey.com : News November 5, 2016, 1:13 PM Last updated: Monday, November 7, 2016, 7:40 AM With no IT department, small businesses are turning to tech titans for help Buy this photo Marko Georgiev/Staff photographer North Jersey publisher Lynda Brennan speaks with Gregg Carline, left, and Dominic Nadal, right, of Microsoft at Westfield Plaza in Paramus. By JOAN VERDON STAFF WRITER |  The Record Lynda Brennan, an educational development consultant and author, recently invested in a Microsoft Surface Pro laptop to manage her small business. She likes the ability it gives her to write on the screen during presentations, and to hold video conferences, but the special feature she values most about her new computer is that it comes with a DomenicNadal. Nadal is the business support specialist at the Microsoft retail store in Paramus, and when Brennan came to the store looking to buy a new computer, she ended up with a package that includes technical support in the form of up to one hour a day of Nadal's time. Buy this photo JIM ALCORN/SPECIAL TO THE RECORD Mudit Gupta, co-owner of the iStore by St. Moritz in Englewood, heads up savvy text suppor alongside Jamie Hwang, right. “I work by myself for the most part - kind of in a little vacuum - and when I hit a roadblock I need to be able to go out and ask somebody something,” Brennan said. When she encounters a glitch working on her website, or with a PowerPoint presentation, “instead of being up all night trying to figure it out, I simply shoot Domenic an email, let him know that I am going to be coming by that afternoon, and the problem is solved,” she said. When a business is too small to have an information technology department, or a computer help desk, who can they call when a laptop freezes up, data disappears into the cloud, or a web page won't load? Small business tech support has become a growing marketing niche for tech titans such as Microsoft and Apple, and retailers such as Best Buy and Staples. While lots of private companies provide tech support for business clients, these retail stores are reaching out to the smallest of small businesses, often one-person shops that run their companies on a single laptop or cellphone. Entrepreneurs also are turning to the Small Business Administration, and universities and community colleges for workshops and classes that address their technology needs. “People who are in their own businesses have to fill every role,” said Bernadette Tiernan, executive director of the William Paterson University School of Continuing and Professional Education. “So they're not only the CEO and the president and the founder, but they're also the accountant and the head of the finance department and the head of marketing and human resources, and in their spare time they empty the wastebaskets and go out and do sales,” she said. The School of Continuing and Professional Education offers courses for people who want to master skills such as the QuickBooks accounting program, or learn how to harness social media to promote their business. “I've found small business owners are really quick learners and highly motivated,” Tiernan said. “There's not a lot of time to make mistakes” when someone is starting a business, she said. Tiernan and the School of Continuing and Professional Education works with the university's Small Business Development Center to develop tech-related courses needed by entrepreneurs. Kate Muldoon, regional director of the center, said the center also works one-on-one with people who need help growing their businesses, in addition to offering courses on in-demand subjects such as website development, or data backups. The center also connects companies with consultants who can solve tech emergencies, such as the one experienced by a Paterson business that couldn't access its stored data. The problems the center addresses can be as critical as emergency data retrieval, or more basic, Muldoon said. “Sometimes it's as simple as helping them set up an email address for their business,” she said. Microsoft, Apple, Best Buy and Staples all offer various levels of tech support for small business for a monthly or yearly fee that can range from under $30 a month to more than $100, depending on the level of service. Microsoft and Apple offer business customers the option of leasing their phones, laptops, or tablets, for a monthly fee. Brennan, a math teacher in New York state for more than 20 years, who lives in Rockland County, and publishes the Math MileMarkers education books that aid in teaching the core curriculum, said she was happy to learn she could lease rather than pay the full cost for the Surface Pro device. After making several visits to the Microsoft store to investigate buying a new computer, a salesperson suggested she speak with Nadal. “Lynda told me 'I need to be able to conference with people; I need to be able to send documents; I need to have a file structure,' ” Nadal said. He recommended Microsoft's Office 365 small business premium package, which, with the equipment lease, costs about $93 a month. “I'm entitled to one hour per day and there are certain periods of the year when I take advantage of one hour per day,” Brennan said. “It's an amazing deal because without it honestly I would have had to hire somebody to do a lot of things.” Other types of small business clients Nadal has worked with include physical therapists who use their tablets to take notes about patients, and landscapers and contractors who need to show renderings to clients. “It's really about being a technical adviser to these companies,” said GreggCarline, business sales specialist at the Paramus Microsoft store. “Most folks that come in know their business inside and out, but the gap they need filled is the technology.” Having retail stores has enabled Microsoft to connect directly with small business owners, Carline said. Before Microsoft had a retail operation, “there really wasn't a place for small entrepreneurs or mid-market accounts to go with tech problems,” he said. While business customers can get tech support at Apple retail stores, the company also refers them to Apple Authorized Service Providers such as the iStore by St. Moritz in Englewood. Mudit Gupta, co-owner of that store and previous owner of the Essex Computers iStore on Route 17, said demand for business support is growing so rapidly that he recently opened a second store, in Union Square in Manhattan. “We can sell the equipment, install it, network it, service it, and offer in-house and on-site training,” Gupta said. The store has business clients ranging from mom-and-pop companies to Fortune 100 companies in New Jersey that primarily use PCs and Windows, and have their own IT departments for those machines, but need support for Macs and other Apple products used in certain departments, such as marketing or graphics. It also has non-business, consumer clients, who bring their personal iPhones or laptops in for repair. Business clients can buy a block of time - the rate for 25 hours is $3,875, or $155 an hour, that doesn't expire until all of the hours are used up - that can be used for troubleshooting or training. Gupta said he and his employees have worked with caterers who use their laptops to store menus and contracts, doctors who use iPads for patient notes and prescriptions, realtors, lawyers, auto dealerships and photographers. Photographers, in particular, often turn to the store for repairs of their discontinued Mac Tower computers - favored by photo studios for their multiple hard drives and video cards - that Apple stores no longer repair. Music DJ's also tend to need emergency tech support. “They will say, 'My entire music is on this and now the laptop is not working and I have a gig tonight,' ” Gupta said. Email: verdon@northjersey.com Tags: Business  |  Technology  |  Small Business Inside NorthJersey.com N.J. credit rating downgraded... Bergen County executive joins... Obama: Americans should... Belleville: Police blotter,... From Bergen.com Julia's Butterfly Foundation... Rutherford Education... Adora Bella Salon celebrates... RHONJ's Siggy Flicker greets... From BergenCounty.com Sharing the Arts Together:... Protecting yourself from the... (201) Magazine's Top... Don't Fear the Future:... Most Read | Most Recent Boy, 15, critical in Paterson after accidental shooting, police say West Milford family calls for witnesses as hundreds mourn hit-run victim With 2 more White House posts filled, where does Christie fit in now? Road Warrior: Motorists sound off about infuriating driving issues in North Jersey Neal Walker returns to Mets; accepts qualifying offer N.J. credit rating downgraded again, making a record for Christie Veterans show off new looks after Westfield Garden State Plaza makes them over Bergen County executive joins White House summit on homeless vets Latest tweets from @NorthJerseybrk Tweets by NorthJerseybrk Follow @NorthJerseybrk on Twitter | More tweets Get News Alerts © 2016 North Jersey Media Group News Most Read NJ State News NJ Governor Elections in NJ Jersey Shore Crime Police Blotters Environment Business Real Estate Technology Automotive News More Politics New York / Tri-State Area Transportation Nation 2016 Presidential Election World Education Health In Case You Missed It Offbeat News Non-Profits Local Bergen Passaic Morris Essex Hudson Towns Community Sports H.S. Sports Darren Cooper Athlete of the Week Varsity Aces Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Track Girls Track Boys Volleyball Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Ice Hockey Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Football Girls Volleyball Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Indoor Track Girls Indoor Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Fencing Photos Recruiting Rankings Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross-Country Girls Cross-Country Field Hockey Girls Gymnastics Girls Tennis College Sports Basketball Football Rutgers Seton Hall William Paterson Montclair St. Peter's Fairleigh Dickinson Local Athletes in College MLB Yankees Mets NHL Devils Rangers NBA Knicks Nets NFL Giants Jets Soccer Red Bulls Boxing Golf More Obituaries Obituaries Home Page Place an Obituary Funeral Home Directory Obituary Alerts For Funeral Directors Photo Galleries News Photos H.S. Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Community Event Photos Food Photos More Photo Galleries Opinion The Record Editorials Letters to the Editor Alfred Doblin Bruce Lowry Guest Writers Community Newspapers Editorials Letters to the Editors Guest Writers Cartoons Columnists Darren Cooper Alfred Doblin Bill Ervolino Robert Feldberg Herb Jackson Mike Kelly Bob Klapisch Charles Stile Jill Schensul Tara Sullivan Elisa Ung Road Warrior More Special Reports In Heroin's Grip Kids and Anxiety The GWB Files GWB Scandal Archive More Special Reports Blogs Meadowlands Matters Fire & Ice Ranger Rants Varsity Aces More Real Estate Real Estate Home Page Search Listings Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Most Recent Home Sales Ask a Realtor A & E Entertainment News Celebrities Music Movies TV Real Housewives of NJ Theater Books Art Fashion Events Search Events Add an Event Food Restaurant Reviews Health Inspections Recipes Wine & Spirits Elisa Ung Community Celebrations Clubs & Organizations Events & Announcements Pets Photo Galleries Recreation Town Meetings More Travel Record on the Road Jill Schensul More Special Sections The Record Special Sections The Record Real Estate The Record Cars The Record Jobs The Record Dine-Out Guide Community Newspapers Video Business Directory NJ Lottery TV Listings Digital Edition Archive Search Connect Contact Us Newsletters / Alerts Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Mobile/Apps Letters to the Editor Advertise NorthJersey.com The Record / Herald News Community Newspapers (201) Magazine Other Magazines Bergen.com MailboxFlyer.com Tearsheets Subscribe The Record Herald News Community Newspapers (201) Magazine Customer Care Find Obituaries Photographs Books Reprints and Permissions Archives Legals/Public Notices Local Businesses Garage Sales NorthJersey.com About Us Contact Us Terms of Service/Privacy Police Blotter Policy North Jersey Media Group In The News About Us / Locations Foundation Action Against Hunger Green Statement Employment Opportunities Premiums Events/Exposure ↑ : Home Delivery | Store | Digital Edition | Bergen.com | BergenCounty.com | Events Special Sections | Homes | Cars | Jobs | Marketplace | Garage Sales | Place an Ad Sections
Monday, November 14, 2016 Weather: 57° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Stucco on you Police shut down cannabis house near Wenatchee High School Boy, hit by car in Wenatchee, identified More Headlines Officer fatal shooting report given to prosecutor  Cashmere man accused of domestic stabbing  Soles provide hope and a cure  Local unemployment continues its rise in 2016  Healthcare industry mulls future without Obamacare  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Seven in a row: Wenatchee offense comes alive in 6-1 win over Trail Prep girls swimming and diving state championships: Panthers take second at state meet, leave with mixed feelings Prep girls soccer state tournaments: Cascade shocks Seattle Academy in 2OT to advance More Headlines Prep volleyball state tournament Saturday: Cascade takes sixth in Yakima  Desmarais twins stopped short of PCT goal, continue running anyway  Mt. Union College football team’s streak snapped  Pitt stuns Clemson  Martin expected to suit up for Bucs  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec Art of Community | Gleaning program Building community, feeding the hungry Editorial Board | Our concern is still forest health Editorial Board | Applause is due More Headlines Editorial Board | An era is ending  GWATA leader sees big opportunity with STEM network  Wilf Woods : Ready to downsize  Safety Valve | Letters from readers  George Will | A respite from furiousness, please  Other Opinion Local Solutions Elizabeth Auvil Sharon Kay (Collier) Babst Donald K. Babcock More Headlines Marsha Lynn (Stanford) Head  Pauline Hillius-Pilon  Agnes Kennedy  Funeral Service Directory  Sharon Kay (Collier) Babst  'A ski film for the rest of us:" North 40 Productions' 'Lifted' pays homage to Mission Ridge 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest' comes to Tonasket Check it out: Our art and entertainment picks this week More Headlines The Planner  Flick Picks: Movie show times for Nov. 11-17  Night Out: Clubs and pubs with entertainment  Celebrating 40 years: Robert Graves Gallery to exhibit founder’s work  Writer and illustrator brings comics, coding and more to regional schools and libraries this week  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies The Apple Leaf | To the beat of his own drum: Mason McRae rejects disability stereotypes, becomes invaluable member of WHS Golden Apple Band Seeding Success | People matter at Plaza Super Jet Event honors local veterans More Headlines North Central Washington Young Life: Investing in kids  Here’s how to remove those bumper stickers  Addiction reaches peak in mid-20s and early 30s  Marriage licenses  Twombly — 40th  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos Price is Right Live @ TTC on Dec.4th @ 7pm photos Photo Gallery: Cashmere honors veterans photos Photo Galley: Election night 2016 More Galleries Photo Gallery: Cascade beats Lakeside in playoff soccer Photo Gallery: Wenatchee girls beat Moses Lake in soccer Photo Gallery: April Drive House Fire Photo Gallery: Cascade beats Naches Valley in soccer Photo Gallery: Celebrating Día de los Muertos Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Winemaker's Journal -- Cairdeas takes best of show at Tri-Cities Wine Fest Everyday Business | Toolbox to close Greg Asimakoupoulos | Remembering a veteran who modeled gratitude More Headlines Dave Bartholomew | Consider the components of your expenditures Two Panther girls teams at state - swimming and soccer Everyday Business | Think ho-ho-home energy savings this holiday season WVC volleyball in fnal home match today Winemaker's Journal -- Vineyard harvest winding up Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » Tonight Lo43° Rain Tuesday Hi51° Chance Rain then Mostly Sunny Tuesday Night Lo36° Mostly Cloudy then Patchy Fog Wednesday Hi49° Patchy Fog then Partly Sunny Wednesday Night Lo32° Patchy Fog Thursday Hi44° Patchy Fog then Mostly Sunny Thursday Night Lo30° Patchy Fog Friday Hi43° Patchy Fog then Mostly Cloudy Friday Night Lo32° Slight Chance Showers Saturday Hi43° Chance Rain More for you:Business People & Places  For some, the Zune is not gone and not forgotten  Food prices are falling: Why aren’t restaurant bills lower too?  Next question: Dustin Spencer  Everyday Business | Sales taxes up; Toolbox will shut  Chelan-Douglas Trends: Number of people per household  Clothiers decide to hang it up after 110 years   Area’s arts, fresh foods, outdoor rec are ‘icing’ for job recruiters  A change of venue  Stevens Pass, Snoqualmie resorts sell to New York company  Everyday Business | Think ho-ho-home energy savings this holiday season  Next question: Aren Magnussen  Oneonta ships new JUICI apple variety  Winemaker’s Journal | Vineyard harvest winding up  Love apples? Commission hosts photo contest  Love apples? Commission hosts photo contest by Mike Irwin Nov. 4, 2016, 1:56 p.m. Business Send to Kindle Buy this photo Photo provided Contestants can win apple-shaped stress balls in the Washington Apple Commission's first photo competition. WENATCHEE — Take a bite and snap a pic. You could be a winner. The Washington Apple Commission is hosting its first ever photo contest for loyal apple lovers who join them on Facebook. The contest — with the theme of “I Love Washington Apples” — will run through Nov. 30 and consist of photos showing folks enjoying locally-grown apples. Contestants should use the hashtag #WashingtonApples and post the photo on the commission’s Facebook page. The top four photos with the most reactions — likes, “loves,” “wows,” etc. — will be named the winners and be awarded packages of apple stress balls (apple-shaped rubber squeeze balls). Winners will be announced around Dec. 2. For full contest rules, visit http://ow.ly/EvEb305OWLE. Reach Mike Irwin at 509-665-1179 or (javascript required to see email). Read his blog Everyday Business or follow him on Twitter at @MikeIrwinWW. Related Articles Local unemployment continues its rise in 2016 Next question: Dustin Spencer Everyday Business | Sales taxes up; Toolbox will shut Chelan-Douglas Trends: Number of people per household Clothiers decide to hang it up after 110 years Grant PUD approves $307 million budget Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week NCW Medical Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2016 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy
Share 17 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding Entertainment 2016-11-13 Dave Chappelle Comeback? Fans Hoping ‘Saturday Night Live’ Appearance Leads To A New Comedy Show For Chappelle News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore News 2016-11-14 Final 2016 Election Results: Hillary Clinton’s Popular Vote Lead Continues To Grow, She Likely Beat Donald Trump By More Than 1 Million Votes News 2016-11-14 Why Did Alex Baldwin Not Reprise His Role As Trump On ‘SNL’ After The Election? News 2016-11-14 Photo Of 3 Cows Stranded On Hill After Supermoon Earthquake: Meanings And Rescue Attempts Sought [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iOS 10.1.1 Released For Apple’s iPhones, Fixes ‘Serious’ Bug Mobile 17 0 0 November 5, 2016 iOS 10.1.1 Released For Apple’s iPhones, Fixes ‘Serious’ Bug Ryan Anthony iOS 10.1.1 has been released by Apple to fix what one report called a “serious” bug in the iOS 10 operating system. According to Forbes, the iOS 10.1.1 update is relatively simple and addresses a bug in the operating system that would erase medical data associated with the “Health” app, which users often use to track miles, heart rate, and other items. This data can be exported to medical professionals or simply be used to track progress with exercise and overall health. “Weighing in at just 70MB (size varies slightly depending on device), iOS 10.1.1 has no security patches and just a single line description: ‘This update fixes bugs including an issue where Health data could not be viewed for some users,'” Forbes reported. The site goes on to note that iOS 10.1.1 not only makes it possible to track health data again, but it will bring back all missing health data that was lost with the last iOS update. iOS 10.1.1 fixes a so-called “serious” bug in the operating system. [Image by Kim White/Getty Images] What if you have not yet updated your iOS to iOS 10, much less the latest iOS 10.1.1? Mac Rumors explains the reasons you may want to go ahead and do the upgrade to iOS 10.1.1 (i.e. the latest version of iOS 10). “iOS 10 is a major update that includes features like a redesigned Lock screen experience, a revamped Messages app with a full App Store, a Siri SDK for developers, new looks and features for Maps and Apple Music, and tons more. Make sure to check out our iOS 10 roundup for details. “ Mac Rumors also notes that software upgrades – namely iOS 10.1.1 – will prevent you from being able to downgrade to previous iOS 10 versions, including iOS 10.0.2 and iOS 10.0.3. So if you upgrade to iOS 10.1.1, you must be certain you want to have the latest software upgrade because you will be stuck with it. Forbes goes into a bit more detail on whether the typical iOS user should upgrade to iOS 10.1.1. The same goes for those who are using jailbroken iOS versions, though it reports that there is no jailbreak yet available for iOS 10. “Consequently if you’re hanging back on iOS 9 to enjoy your jailbroken device, it goes without saying that you should not update to iOS 10.1.1,” Forbes suggests. If you are expecting further updates with the iOS 10.1.1 update, Forbes suggests you do not hold your breath. This is the latest of many updates to be released after iOS 10 officially launched. iOS 10.1.1 fixes a bug that had deleted all health data stored on iPhone and other iOS devices. [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] “As for the release notes implying there are other fixes beside the Health update, nothing has been explicitly stated by Apple and I haven’t been able to find any from my investigations to date,” the website said. “That aside iOS 10.1.1 appears to do nothing else of value. It has no security updates and no new features Apple is willing to declare. Consequently, while problems with iOS 10.1.1 remain isolated, there is no good reason to take the risk. Especially with Apple’s sketchy reliability record with iOS updates in recent years.” While Forbes is not suggesting that the typical user upgrade to iOS 10.1.1, it did break news in the announcement that a beta of iOS 10.2 is now available for users. It suggests that while iOS 10.1.1 did not break new ground in its update, the iOS 10.2 beta 1 could offer a few new features sure to set the iOS world on fire – new emojis and new wallpaper options. As for why there are so many updates, the report above is correct in noting that Apple has missed the mark with updates for iOS in recent years, with iOS 10 being no different. Owning a variety of mobile devices from an iPad to an iPhone, I have held off on the updates for that very reason. Once Apple gets iOS 10 out to the masses without bugs, it may be worth an upgrade to iOS 10.1.1 or a later version. But for now, you may want to give Apple a bit more time to work out the kinks. [Featured Image by Sean Gallup/Getty Images] Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus, And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak Share 17 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Ryan Anthony Tags: Apple, iphone, iPhone 7 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Does Michael Jackson Have His First Grandchild On The Way? Secret Son Is Expecting A Baby Taylor Swift Ditches Pop Sound For “Hip-Hop And R&B” Album ‘Duck Dynasty’ Feud: John Luke And Sadie Robertson At Odds Over ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Opportunity Sammy Watkins Delayed Return Leaves Bills Fans, Fantasy Owners Worried ‘Shark Tank’: 10-Year-Old Entrepreneur Jack Bonneau Is About More Than Selling Lemonade ‘Love and Hip Hop: Atlanta’ Rumors: Young Dro Added To The Cast? Joseline Keeping Her Body Fit? WWE News: The Rock Teases An Appearance At ‘WrestleMania 33’ New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore California High School Student Allegedly Beaten For Supporting Trump On Instagram [Video] Little Mix Get Naughty Despite Being Role Models For Young Fans Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 50.1k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.2k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 26.7k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.1k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.2k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 10.1k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.6k 0 0 Recent Headlines ‘Shark Tank’: 10-Year-Old Entrepreneur Jack Bonneau Is About More Than Selling Lemonade 0 0 0 WWE News: The Rock Teases An Appearance At ‘WrestleMania 33’ 22 0 0 Mike Pence Emails Scandal: VP Elect Hiding Republican Spending Waste, Says Attorney 0 0 0 New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore 5 0 0 California High School Student Allegedly Beaten For Supporting Trump On Instagram [Video] 0 0 0 Little Mix Get Naughty Despite Being Role Models For Young Fans 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 5 AAPL: 108.84 -0.99 This week’s top stories: Apple answers MacBook Pro questions, cuts USB-C adapter prices, iOS 10.2, and the best cord-free earbuds Jordan Kahn - 1 week ago @JordanKahn Apple Watch iPhone 7 MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: Apple answers your MacBook Pro questions, cuts USB-C adapter prices, iOS 10.2 arrives for testers, and we break down the best wireless cord-free earbuds available ahead of Apple’s AirPods. It’s all about the Mac this week as Apple answers lots of questions we had about the new MacBook Pro lineup and we continue exploring the new machines. We take a look at the super fast new SSD’s in the new MacBook Pros, including what appears to be the fastest SSD performance on the market for the 15-inch model. Apple gives us the rundown on why it didn’t include a 32GB RAM option and also explains its decision to offer a 3.5mm headphone jack but no SD card slot. iOS 10.2 gets released this week for beta testers alongside watchOS 3.1.1, tvOS 10.1 and macOS 10.12.2 betas with new emoji and wallpapers, and we take a look at the best wireless cord-free earbuds available as we wait for Apple’s release of its own AirPods. Check out these and the rest of this week’s top stories and videos below: Mac | KGI: Apple to drop MacBook Pro prices, introduce new 32GB RAM option in 2017 New MacBook Pros lack iconic Mac startup chime, but they do automatically boot Comment: People are complaining about the wrong things with the new MacBook Pro MacBook Pro Diary: My take on some of the criticisms being levelled at the new models Apple addresses new MacBook Pro controversy, explains why Apple dropped SD card reader The Late 2016 entry-level 13″ MacBook Pro has a ridiculously fast SSD Jony Ive rejected touchscreen Mac, but working on things beyond the Touch Bar Opinion: No SD Card slot? It’s the camera companies you should be upset with, not Apple New 15-inch MacBook Pro appears to offer fastest SSD performance on the market Apple drops USB-C adapter prices after pushback from introducing MacBook Pros without USB-A ports Apple also offers limited time discounts on new LG UltraFine 5K and 4K displays for MacBook Pro users iOS | Apple releases first iOS 10.2, watchOS 3.1.1, tvOS 10.1 and macOS 10.12.2 betas w/ new emoji, wallpapers Apple releases first iOS 10.2 public beta with new emoji, wallpapers, more Here are the new emoji included in iOS 10.2 [Gallery] Apple releases iOS 10.1.1 for iPhone and iPad, fixes bug with missing Health data iPhone 7 | Comment: Six weeks after iPhone 7’s release, let’s take a look at life without the headphone jack [Poll] As we await Apple’s AirPods, these are the best wireless cord-free earbuds available Chinese supply chain sources report Apple AirPods not shipping until January 2017 Apple Watch | Upcoming third-party Apple Watch band adds both FaceTime and external cameras Power 2 brings iPhone battery status & Time Travel predictions to Apple Watch Update: Apple Watch Activity app workaround for ‘rest days’ concept Kohl’s to start selling Apple Watch in 400 stores on November 15 ahead of Black Friday deal This week’s top videos: 10 awesome new Final Cut Pro X version 10.3 features [Video] Single Sign-On feature for paid-TV apps arrives on Apple TV, iPhone, and iPad for beta testers [Video] Steve Ballmer explains laughing at the iPhone; Microsoft prototyped a Touch Bar in 2009 [Video] Apple shares new ‘Dive’ iPhone 7 ad highlighting stereo speakers, water-resistance [Video] Happy Hour Podcast  092| This week Zac and Benjamin discuss more MacBook Pro details, Apple community criticisms, iOS 10.2 changes, and much more. Subscribe to get all 9to5Mac’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide MacBook Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Apps Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports Zugata raises $7 million to make annual performance reviews obsolete Russian hacking team The Dukes targeting NGOs and think tanks after Trump victory Browse more... spam Google gets better at flagging apps trying to fake their way into the Play Store’s top charts Google’s Android Phone app now identifies spam callers A Tinder bot scam is promising users Verified accounts Browse more... growth hacking Everalbum is proof that SMS invite spam still works 3 Nearly Free Growth Hacks Real Engines Of Growth Have Nothing To Do With Growth Hacking Browse more... everalbum Everalbum is proof that SMS invite spam still works Fast-Growing Photo App Everalbum, A Chart-Topper On iOS, Comes To Android Browse more... ever RIP: Cloudbook maker, Everex 2008 – 2009 Browse more... Photo app Ever removed its spammy SMS feature after Apple banned it Posted Nov 1, 2016 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden), Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Genetics startup Genos wants to pay you for your DNA data Score one for the consumer against the indefatigable force of growth hacking. Ever, the photo storage app that we called out in September for spamming SMS contact lists (it rebranded from Everalbum shortly after), has found its way back into Apple’s App Store after getting temporarily banned for its practices. Ever has had a lot of negative feedback — and even a couple of lawsuits — over how it leads you into sharing your contacts with it, and then subsequently messaging them with its marketing. Despite that — or rather, largely due to that — the app has been on a popularity tear. In the last month, it has consistently ranked No. 1 or within the top 10 among all Productivity apps in both the Android and iOS U.S. app stores, according to App Annie figures. screen-shot-2016-11-01-at-3-16-32-pm screen-shot-2016-11-01-at-3-17-24-pm  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit In Apple’s iTunes App store, however, there’s been a blip: it disappeared, along with its billing function, used by paying “Plus” users ($9.99/month) or those who want to purchase physical photo books (which start at $19.99). From what we understand, this was squarely down to how it misled users into providing access to their contacts list and then spamming them to use the app. According to a number of consumer complaints, Ever (then Everalbum) had duped them into spamming their friends with invites to try the service. The app’s user interface used a variety of techniques to get users to agree to this invite spam. This included a tricky button that heavily emphasized the option to “get free storage,” which then prompted you to let the app access your contacts). The following screen would show all your contacts checked by default, while the option to “Deselect All” was grayed out to make it less obvious. But it’s unclear whether users were just confused about what they were agreeing to, or if Ever had actually used different, and less transparent, onboarding flows at other times. The end result, however, was that many of Ever’s users felt they had been tricked into sending out SMS spam. In addition, Ever also sent out a number of different and misleading SMS text messages that implied your friend had given you access to view photos in their album, or threatened a link would expire if you didn’t click it soon. But users hadn’t necessarily shared albums — they were just navigating their way through the set-up process. Apple removed the app from its iTunes App Store for its bad behavior — specifically SMS spam and for being misleading. It was only allowed back in when the “invite via text” feature was removed. Google, however, never took any action, despite its recent claims of clamping down on apps that try to manipulate their rankings.  In the new version of Ever, now back on the App Store, the app no longer prompts you to sign up your friends, and it has a much clearer interface for its in-app upgrades: img_0997 img_0998 img_0996_2 img_0999  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit Now, the options for starting a free trial are clearly labeled, and the trial only begins after you enter your TouchID and confirm your commitment to the subscription terms ($11.99/mo after the trial period.) When testing, however, we found a new problem: after choosing to upgrade, but then cancelling before you continued to the trial, the TouchID prompt kept popping up. We had to hit “Cancel” on its repeated prompts to get it to go away for good. This could be a bug with the new app, or a new means of confusing the user — it’s unclear. (The new app does appear buggy, though — the album sharing button wasn’t working during tests, for instance.) However, when sharing photos (or presumably, an album), you have to explicitly type in a contact’s name or select from your “recents.” The app doesn’t indicate it’s sending a text on your behalf, but at least only the recipient — and not your entire address book — is being bothered. The text will point your friend both to a mobile web version of the app and to the App Store to download Ever via two included links. While Ever may have cleaned up its act, it’s clear that its growth hacking techniques gave it an advantage, given its continued high ranking. That, sadly, could still encourage other nefarious app developers to use similar techniques in the future. Unfortunately, the courts have not been on consumers’ side, either. Previous lawsuits related to SMS marketing citing the TCPA (Telephone Consumer Protection Act), which specifies consent requirements for marketing, have been dismissed. These include cases brought against WhisperText (Whisper), Shopkick, Life360, Lyft and others, over the years. The suits against Ever are still pending. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Ever Founded 2013 Overview Everalbum protects your life's photos so you never have to worry about losing them. Across devices and photo sources, Everalbum automatically backs up your photos and videos so you can access them at any time. You can then free up space on your device by removing photos from your camera roll. Location San Francisco, CA Categories Photo Sharing, Mobile Apps, Data Storage, Web Apps, Privacy Founders Andrew Dudum, Charlie Melbye, Jon Mumm, Don Holly Website https://www.ever.com/#main Full profile for Ever Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes spam growth hacking everalbum ever Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 9 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From Mobile Samsung Pay adds Rewards, offering points for every transaction 6 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Snapchat’s Spectacles are now on sale near Big Sur in California yesterday | Darrell Etherington AT&T downgrades video quality on mobile with ‘Stream Saver’ Nov 11, 2016 | Devin Coldewey, Contributor More Android devices are running Gingerbread than Nougat 7.0 Nov 11, 2016 | Brian Heater Comment moderation powered by Up Next Genetics startup Genos wants to pay you for your DNA data Posted Nov 1, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago by Josh Constine India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 52 minutes ago by Daniel Singer xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden I refuse to review Snapchat Spectacles — but I’m glad to have my hands back Nov 12, 2016 by Matthew Panzarino Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 20 hours ago by Peter Csathy
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 iPhone sales haven't bottomed out yet, says the most accurate Apple analyst Kif Leswing Nov. 5, 2016, 11:46 AM 5,163 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple Apple's iPhone, the company's most important product, has seen three straight quarters of sales declines on an annual basis. Most analysts expect the iPhone to grow slightly year-over-year in the quarter ending in December, thanks to strong demand in the United States for the iPhone 7 Plus. But that doesn't mean the iPhone's skid is over.  KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo is predicting that Apple will continue to see iPhone sales decline over the first half of next year.  "We forecast total shipment volume of iPhones will decline YoY [year-over-year] in 1H17 due to weak demand in China, slow shipment volume of 4.7” iPhones in 1Q17, and the lack of a new iPhone SE in 2Q17," he wrote in a note distributed to clients on Friday seen by Business Insider. "We estimate 1Q17 iPhone shipment volume of 40-50mn units, lower than the 51.2mn units in 1Q16," Kuo wrote. "We forecast total iPhone shipment volume will reach 35-40mn units and fall YoY in 2Q17, lower than the 40.4mn units in 2Q16." A hard bargain  Hollis Johnson/Business Insider Kuo also writes that he's hearing that Apple is pushing its suppliers, iPhone component makers, to cut its prices. This has been a recurring complaint from Apple suppliers over the past six months. Apple's operating margin has been falling and it is currently the lowest it has been in seven years.  So Apple looks to strengthen its profitability by leaning on its suppliers to give it better prices on parts like screen panels, RAM, and other internal components.  "We believe iPhone component makers have been facing significant pressure from Apple (US) to cut prices. The price reductions may begin in November or December 2016, likely dragging down bottom lines within the supply chain," Kuo wrote. One thing that will help Apple's bottom line: it's unlikely to launch a new low-cost iPhone SE in 2017, Kuo said.  Suppliers that can be easily replaced, like those that make the screen panels for iPhones, have weak bargaining power. The head of Sharp, a Foxconn subsidiary that provides screens for Apple, recently discussed the iPhone 8 in a public speech.  However, some suppliers, like Samsung, are in a stronger position, and may even raise their prices, says Kuo. TSMC is also unlikely to be affected by Apple's pricing pressure. Still, increased profitability only means so much when overall sales are dropping. Apple has to be hoping that its next iPhone is a stunner and sells well.  EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: The most accurate Apple analyst in the world says Apple Watch sales will shrink this year NOW WATCH: Scientists have discovered why American honey bees are turning into zombies Loading video... More: Apple iPhone Ming-Chi Kuo KGI Securities Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru iPhone sales haven't bottomed out yet, says the most accurate Apple analyst iPhone sales haven't bottomed out yet, says the most accurate Apple analyst Apple's iPhone, the company's most important... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscription Services Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Business Directory Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Auto Homes Sales & Specials 51° Broken Clouds Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscription Services Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Business Directory Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Auto Cars SUVs Vans Trucks RVs & Campers ATVs Boats Snowmobiles Advertise Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Sales & Specials HyVee Home News Minnesota 51° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Mostly sunny this morning then becoming cloudy during the afternoon. High 52F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy skies early, followed by partial clearing. Low 36F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 11:54 am Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 AP Apple Valley police believe man killed woman, then himself Nov 5, 2016 (…) APPLE VALLEY, Minn. (AP) — Authorities have released the names of an Apple Valley man and woman who died in what investigators are calling an apparent murder-suicide. The Hennepin County medical examiner identified them as 49-year-old Alan Lee Josephson and 56-year-old Lynn Marie Josephson. The Apple Valley Police Department says examination of the crime scene and information from both autopsies indicate that Alan Josephson fatally shot Lynn Josephson in the head and then shot himself. Authorities believe the deaths occurred Wednesday evening. Officials say a neighbor heard loud noises at that time. Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles Tags General News Suicides Violent Crime Crime Police Law Enforcement Agencies Government And Politics Locations Minnesota United States North America More Headlines Around the state: Health officials weigh testing newborns for virus Heavy rains leave rivers polluted Republicans pick Gazelka as Senate majority leader Multimedia Editorial cartoons week of Nov. 14 Photos: The Reading Center Bright Stars Event Photos: Rochester Feed & Country Store's Paws with Santa Claus event Photos: Gasshuku at Eagle Bluff top right promo - flex2 What do you think? Most Viewed Articles Collections Articles Two Rochester restaurants investigated for norovirus Former coach charged with sexual assault ‘We easily could've been killed’ More norovirus outbreaks reported Card skimmer results in $17,000 loss — so far Winona man in critical condition after being shot in the head Death notices Death notices Woman accused of stealing pain meds from seniors Michael Muñoz and Brenda Lewis: Rochester Public Schools continues to address concerns Collections Photos: Kasson-Mantorville in the Class AA State Volleyball Tournament Photos: Caledonia in the Class A State Volleyball Tournament Photos: Kenyon-Wanamingo in the Class AA State Volleyball Tournament Photos: Local voters go to the polls Photos: Election Night 2016 Photos: Mayo Civic Center construction progress Photos: Estelle's Eatery & Bar in Harmony Photos: Lourdes, Jackson County Central football Class AAA state quarterfinal Week in Photos: 11-12-16 Photos: Grand Meadow, Edgerton/Ellsworth football Class 9-man state quarterfinal Today's Paper PostBulletin.com FEATURED ADS Shop Speical at HyVee Featured Businesses Hy-Vee Rochester #4 4221 W Circle Dr NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-292-6000 Currently Open Hy-Vee Rochester #1 500 Crossroads Drive SW, Rochester, MN 55902 507-289-7500 Currently Open Post-Bulletin Company 18 1st Ave SE, Rochester, MN 55904 507-285-7676 Currently Open Events Coupons Hy-Vee Wine & Spirits 1101 6th St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-285-0848 Currently Open Hy-Vee Barlow Plaza 1315 6th Street NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-288-8233 Currently Open Hy-Vee Rochester North 500 37th St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-289-1815 Currently Open Quality Life Chiropractic & Massage 3249 19th St NW Ste 2, Rochester, MN 55901 507-206-6334 Virgil's Auto Clinic & Towing 1101 2nd St SW, Rochester, MN 55902 507-288-3600 Bethel Lutheran Church (elca) 810 3rd Ave SE, Rochester, MN 55904 507-288-6430 318 Commons 318 1st Ave SW, Rochester, MN 55902 507-533-5318 Sunset Trail Apartments 3639 41st St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-536-4000 Terry's Auto Body & Trailer Sales 413 East Main St., Riceville, IA 50466 641-985-2536 The Brittany's Townhomes & Apartments 3083 25th St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-280-8859 Heritage Manor Apartments 2409 Highway 52 N, Rochester, MN 55901 507-288-1322 D and R Star Family Fun Center 2207 7th St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-282-7682 Junk Recyclers 504 Strathmore Lane SE, Rochester, MN 55904 507-216-2365 Family Tree Landscape Nursery, Inc. Rochester 2580 75th St NE, Rochester, MN 55906 507-289-0557 Carousel Floral & Gift Garden Center 1717 41st St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-288-7800 Hawkeye Services Inc 1228 Gotland Ln NE, Rochester, MN 55906 507-281-3962 Thompson's Garage Door and Openers 6101 Bandel Road NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-281-1349 Woodridge Apartments 2804 2nd St SW, Rochester, MN 55902 507-252-0777 Winchester Apartments 3908 19th Ave NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-288-6559 Olympik Village Apartments 402 31st Street NE, Rochester, MN 55906 507-285-0388 Quarry Ridge Apartments 1823 Quarry Ridge Pl NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-289-0228 News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Blogs Weather RochesterMN AgriNews Services About Us Contact Us Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Photography > We took the Google Pixel and iPhone 7 Plus to… We took the Google Pixel and iPhone 7 Plus to France for an epic camera shootout By Julian Chokkattu — November 5, 2016 3:00 AM Subscribe to this topic Apple and Samsung have long been reigning champions in smartphone camera technology, but there’s a new challenger vying for the top spot — Google’s new Pixel smartphones. Apart from getting the highest score for a smartphone on DxOMark, the camera rating website, tech reviewers (including us) have been pouring in rave reviews for the Pixel’s camera. We wanted to take a closer look, and what better time to do a shootout than my vacation in France? I had a Pixel in one pocket and an iPhone 7 Plus in the other. I wanted to approach the shootout as a layperson, without any phone tripods or manual camera apps — only stock software, what an average consumer would use. Related: Google Pixel review I ended up using the Pixel as my main camera throughout my nine days in France, which is a first for me as I usually stick with my DSLR. It was one of the first times that I had a trouble-free experience with an Android smartphone camera, and I was able to quickly grab shots thanks to Google’s ingenious shortcut to launch the camera app — double-tapping the power button. You can then use the volume buttons as the shutter button. The cameras on most Android smartphones have been unreliable in my experience. We’re not denying that cameras from phones like the Nexus 6P and 5X, for example, haven’t offered stellar shots. But there has always been something that made the experience frustrating, whether it’s a delay when launching the camera, long-processing times, or shutter lag. Google’s Pixel fixes all of these problems and more. Panorama by the Pixel. There’s almost zero lag using the Pixel camera. I initially said in my review that the camera took half-a-second to capture photos with HDR+, which was annoying at times, but a software update has made it instantaneous. It still takes about two to three seconds to process these HDR+ photos. HDR+ captures several shots with the short exposure times. The best shot is then used as a base, and the others are then layered over to offer a photograph with less noise and blur — perfect for low-light scenarios. It also helps with high-dynamic range environments by taking multiple photos with the same exposure, so that bright parts of a photo aren’t blown out. Related: We put the new Google Pixel XL smartphone through its paces – so how did it do? Both the Pixel and Pixel XL have the same camera on the rear, with 12.3 megapixels and a large pixel size (1.55 micron pixels) which helps for low-light photography. Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus also has a rear camera with 12.3 megapixels, but it also has a second lens that lets you optically zoom for a closer shot. The second telephoto lens is also used for Portrait mode, which adds a DSLR-like blur around a subject. A close match So what have I learned in my time using the two flagship phones? The iPhone 7 Plus and Pixel have excellent cameras, and declaring a winner isn’t cut and dry. There are times the Pixel offers superior photos, but there are plenty of moments where the iPhone comes out on top. Photos from the Pixel often have bluer hues, whereas iPhone images are warmer. The latter also has more realistic photos, but that doesn’t mean the shots are better. A lot of times I prefer the more saturated images on the Pixel, especially in daylight conditions, but your personal preference may vary. Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Here’s a good example showcasing the bluer hues on the Pixel and the warmer colors on the iPhone. Overall, I prefer the Pixel photo for two reasons — there’s more detail when you zoom in, but more importantly the colors pop out and there’s a little more contrast. That makes the picture look more interesting, and I find the iPhone photo to be a little bland and flat, even if it is brighter. Below is a closer look at the same photo. You can see a lot more detail as you look further into the distance, but even in the foreground, the trees on the iPhone 7 Plus look like an oil painting, whereas it’s easier to make out more structures on the Pixel. Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Here are a few more comparisons between the Pixel and the iPhone 7 Plus. You can click on images to enlarge them. iPhone 7 Plus photos were transferred manually from the device to a PC, and the Pixel photos were downloaded from Google Photos — they are the full resolution images, thanks to the free storage option from Google for Pixel owners. The photos are likely compressed when uploaded to WordPress, though. All the photos were taken in Auto-HDR mode — it’s the default setting for both cameras. Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Overall, the Pixel photos are a little sharper and are often more saturated. The iPhone’s photos tend to be a little more realistic, but they sometimes look flat and less dynamic. In low-light scenarios, you do need to make sure you hold your Pixel steady, as it doesn’t have optical-image stabilization. The iPhone has the leg up here, as we sometimes had to take an extra photo with the Pixel to make sure it wasn’t blurry. You may end up liking the iPhone 7 Plus photos over the Pixel, which is valid, because the answer to which photo is better is purely subjective. Both phones take excellent photos and they won’t disappoint in real-world performance with shutter lag or any other issues. Oversaturation The over-saturation on the Pixel can be problematic at times. Take a look at the images below: Pixel iPhone 7 Plus Here’s one scenario where the Pixel went overboard. The iPhone photo retains more detail and is pleasing to the eye — like a still from a movie. The Pixel’s photo has too many colors blown up, which is distracting. There were a handful of moments, particularly in low-light environments, where I would have preferred the Pixel to crank the saturation down. Hopefully, Google can fix the phone’s tendency to oversaturate in low-light via a software update. Lens Blur Unfortunately, I don’t have many photos taken with the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait mode to compare it with Google’s Lens Blur. Still, from my experience using both over the past few weeks, I believe Apple’s implementation is consistently accurate and tends to look better than Google’s. Related: Does the Google Pixel really have the best smartphone camera? Judge for yourself Lens Blur still is a great way to place emphasis on a subject, like portraits. Once you select the mode, after you capture a photo the app will prompt you to raise your camera up. The photo will then take a few seconds to process, but you’ll then end up with something like this: Pixel The effect on this photo is pretty good, but you can see there’s not enough blur on the left side where the older woman is behind the primary subject. Here’s the same scenario without Lens Blur: Pixel I do prefer the Lens Blur variant of this photo, but there’s room for improvement in that shot. Here are a few more comparisons: Pixel Pixel with Lens Blur Pixel Pixel with Lens Blur The Lens Blur on the photo with the hourglass set is great, but the first photo doesn’t blur out a part of the woman in the yellow jacket. It’s this type of inconsistency that makes the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait mode superior. More often than not, though, as long as you have a clear subject and a fairly clutterless background, the effect should work perfectly. You can also use the refocus tool to fix the photo, but I never end up making much use of this — it’s usually better to retake the shot if possible. With Lens Blur, moving the phone up isn’t always reliable or comfortable. It often made errors, saying I moved too fast or that there was just an “error.” It also often doesn’t work in low-light scenarios most of the time — and all of that makes it unreliable. The iPhone’s Portrait mode does have its kinks — like how you need to make sure you’re a specific distance from the subject — but it’s much faster and consistent. It’s also better because it uses a blend of hardware and software to get the job done. The standard camera takes a photo, and then the second wide-angle sensor measures multiple layers to sense the depth-of-field and see how far the subject is. It’s why you can see the blur effect before you even snap a picture. You end up with a fairly sharp subject and a blurry background. Portrait mode only works on the iPhone 7 Plus, but Lens Blur can work on any device that can install the Google Camera app, notably Pixel and Nexus smartphones. Zoom Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus has one feature that the Pixel doesn’t have: 2x optical hardware zoom. The iPhone also has digital zoom up to 10x, but the picture quality will decrease after you leave the 2x hardware zoom behind. iPhone 7 Plus This is a nice photo. Perhaps a little overexposed on the mountains, but it’s pretty good overall. This was taken with the iPhone 7 Plus. Now let’s zoom in with the second lens on Apple’s smartphone. iPhone 7 Plus with zoom This is an even better photo, and it’s thanks to the iPhone’s second “telephoto” lens. The mountains aren’t as sharp when you zoom in, but it’s still a phenomenal job for a phone camera. The Pixel doesn’t offer anything similar. It features digital zoom, like most smartphone cameras, and it’s something you don’t really want to use as your merely cropping the picture. You’ll still be able to frame some decent photos with the Pixel camera’s zoom, but it’s not going to look as good as the iPhone’s optical zoom. Here’s an example. Pixel zoomed in. Details aren’t sharp at all, and the grain in the photo is easily noticeable. There’s just no competing with the iPhone 7 Plus’ second camera until Google adds some form of optical zoom into next year’s Pixel smartphone. Winner: Google Pixel The real highlight here is the ease of use and the reliability of the Pixel camera. The speed at which I can open it and take a photo is impressive and goes a long way in quickly getting the shot I want. The lack of shutter lag makes me worry less about keeping my hands steady, at least when there’s plenty of light. It’s the same with the iPhone 7 Plus. Both cameras are dead easy to use and take great shots without much effort on your part. Related: The best smartphone camera you can buy The quality of the photos we took with the Pixel are on par — if not better — when compared to the iPhone 7 Plus. Some of the differences between photos taken by both phones are things people will disagree on, but the big takeaway is this: There’s finally an exceptional and reliable camera on a phone that runs stock Android. That’s what’s best about the Pixel. I believe the Pixel’s camera takes more appealing photographs in most cases, but personal tastes will vary. The iPhone 7 Plus has the edge with special features like 2x zoom and a slicker bokeh effect, but the Pixel took better photos on the fly in our tests. The Pixel is the winner for everyday photography. You can read our full Pixel and iPhone 7 Plus reviews here.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Black Friday guide: What to buy, skip in 2016 Apple Traditionally, major retail stores such as Best Buy, Target and Wal-Mart discount Apple products each year on Black Friday, and previous-generation models usually see the most dramatic deals. (Associated Press file) Print Email NerdWallet, special to cleveland.com By NerdWallet, special to cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Email the author on November 05, 2016 at 10:33 AM, updated November 05, 2016 at 10:34 AM comments With huge sales and steep savings at nearly every retailer, Black Friday — the day after Thanksgiving — has long been touted as one of the best times of the year for buying just about anything. But it's not all discounts and deals on the 2016 post-Turkey Day shopping bonanza. Use this guide to determine what you should purchase and what you should skip on Nov. 25 to ensure you're getting only the best bargains. Buy: Previous models of Apple products Traditionally, major retail stores such as Best Buy, Target and Wal-Mart discount Apple products each year on Black Friday, and previous-generation models usually see the most dramatic deals. These offers may include price cuts, free gift cards with purchase or a combination of both. This year, look for deals on MacBooks, iMacs, iPhones, iPads, Apple Watches and Apple TVs. Last year, for instance, Target devoted almost an entire page of the bull's-eye retailer's 2015 Black Friday ad to Apple. Shoppers scored a free Target gift card when they bought any iPad Mini, iPad Air or Apple Watch. There was also a 20% discount on all iPods. Skip: Toys Toys are one of the seasonal purchase staples, but you might want to think twice before picking them up on Black Friday. Historically, it's best to wait until closer to Christmas to purchase dolls, action figures and the like. You may run the risk that certain items will sell out, but you may also be able to find bigger savings on what's left. Last year, in the final days before Christmas, toys were on sale at Kmart, Wal-Mart and Big Lots, to name a few. Shoppers bought one toy and got a second toy at 50% off on Monster High dolls and accessories, Fisher-Price preschool toys and Block Tech playsets, as well as activity and science sets. » MORE: Full list of 2016 Black Friday store hours Buy: Gaming system bundles Black Friday is for gamers just as much as it is for shoppers. This year, look for savings on video games and video game systems from retailers such as Best Buy, Target, Wal-Mart and GameStop. You'll find particularly great offers on gaming bundles. Traditionally, these include the game console plus a combination of games and accessories. Last year, video game retailer GameStop took $50 off both the Xbox One 500GB Gears of War Ultimate Bundle and the PlayStation 4 500GB Uncharted Collection Bundle. Skip: Christmas decorations You've likely seen the blowout post-Christmas clearance sales every year on Dec. 26 as you made your way to the store to return that gift that missed the mark. The absolute best time to buy Christmas decorations, wrapping paper, tinsel and other seasonal trimmings is right after Christmas (for obvious reasons). But if you need these items before the holiday, don't buy them on Black Friday. Sure, you'll see plenty of deals on artificial trees and rolls of wrapping paper, especially at home and craft stores, but retailers are more eager to slash prices the closer it gets to Christmas. Buy: Electronics (TVs, tablets and smartphones) Electronics deals are a Black Friday staple, and for many consumers, that means shopping for a new TV, tablet or smartphone. In 2015, Target offered an impressive $249.99 deal on a 55-inch Westinghouse LED TV. Over at Staples, tablets were all the rage. Shoppers could save up to 25% on select iPad models. Staples also dropped the price of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7-inch down to $79.99 (regularly $139.99). No matter where you choose to spend your Black Friday (or your Thanksgiving), you're almost guaranteed to find TV and tablet doorbusters. Another electronics deal to keep an eye out for: smartphones. Verizon offered $100 off the retail price of select Android smartphones last year. » MORE: Black Friday 2016 ad leaks Skip: Bedding You've got the entertainment center covered, but you should hesitate before stocking up on supplies to refresh the look of your bedroom this Black Friday. The lowest prices on bedding and linens have been known to appear in January during what are called "white sales," so hold off until then if you can. January 2016 white sales took place at Macy's, Pottery Barn, Nordstrom and more. Buy: Video games, CDs, DVDs If you're in need of some affordable stocking stuffers, look no further than the video game, CD, DVD and Blu-ray department at most major retailers this Black Friday. You'll find films and gaming titles deeply discounted from their original prices. In 2015, for example, Best Buy offered select Blu-ray titles for $9.99 each and up to 70 CD titles for $6.99 each. Wal-Mart had certain video games for $25 each and a selection of special-buy DVD titles for just $1.96 apiece. Skip: Outdoor essentials You won't see too many grills or patio furniture sets plastered on the front pages of Black Friday ads this year. That's because, not surprisingly, outdoor products and patio furniture are deeply discounted immediately after summer ends. If you didn't pick up these products at the close of this summer, wait until Labor Day sales roll around next year. Can't wait until then? Another viable option is the Spring Black Friday Sale that home improvement store Lowe's usually holds each year. Buy: Home appliances No secret here. Black Friday is well-known for its offers of huge savings on washers, dryers, refrigerators and kitchen appliances. Look for similar deep discounts again this year. Last year at Sears, the Kenmore 4.3-cubic-foot washer and 7.3-cubic-foot dryer were on sale for $799.98 for the pair. That's a 57% discount. Best Buy took $1,500 off the price of a Samsung 28.2-cubic-foot 4-Door French Door Smart Refrigerator, bringing it down to $2,099.99. If you're in the market for smaller appliances such as coffee makers, mixers, blenders or vacuum cleaners, expect deals this year from department stores such as Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Macy's. Skip: Winter clothing Fall and winter clothing generally isn't the best value on Black Friday. Jeans, for instance, see better sales in October, and retailers frequently offer big clearance sales on jackets when winter gives way to spring. Of course, if you need something to keep you warm before then, you'll be able to find some bargains this Black Friday. Year after year, Macy's and J.C. Penney have offered doorbuster deals on women's boots. In the past, select pairs have been just $19.99 each. Buy: Travel deals Whether it's hotel rooms, ski lift tickets or airfare, you can expect big deals on travel this Black Friday and Cyber Monday (Nov. 28). Check for deals from online travel sites like Expedia and major airlines alike. Note: In the past, most of these promotions were available for a very limited time. Skip: Mail-in rebates If you want to avoid some of the hassle related to Black Friday shopping, resist deals that require a mail-in rebate. Unless you're disciplined enough to fill out the form and wait to receive the rebate, you could end up paying more than you intended. And even if you do follow through with rebate, you'll have to shell out a higher price at the register before getting some of your money back. Always read the fine print; some kitchen appliances, electronics and other popular items may require you to fill out a mail-in rebate to achieve the advertised price. At Kohl's, for example, some small kitchen appliances were available for $7.99 last year — but that was after a $12 mail-in rebate. Buy: Online doorbusters Finally, for the ultimate combination of convenience and savings, spring for online doorbusters this year. Plenty of big box retailers are bringing their doorbusters online this Thanksgiving and Black Friday. Office Depot and OfficeMax, for instance, will be closed on Thanksgiving Day 2016, but deals will be available online starting at 12:01 a.m. Eastern time on the holiday. Courtney Jespersen is a staff writer at NerdWallet, a personal finance website. Email:courtney@nerdwallet.com. Twitter: @courtneynerd. The article What to Buy, and Skip, on Black Friday 2016 originally appeared on NerdWallet. More from NerdWallet 5 Ways to Build Your First $1 Million How to Pay Off Debt How to Build a Budget Top Workplaces Top Workplaces 2016 The 2016 Top Workplaces List Behind the survey: Methodology Business Features Northeast Ohio business and networking events Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams Active Discussions Most Read Business news in your inbox Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 6:51 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7: Which Phone Has The Best Specs, Features? By Karen Tumbokon On 11/05/16 AT 11:03 AM Close Yes, smartphone users, despite coverage of the Note 7 recall and the iPhone 7's lack of a headphone jack, there are other smartphones out there. Last month LG released the LG V20, a phone featuring a replaceable battery, enhance audio features and manual camera controls for video. While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. LG V20 Features, Specs, Price - While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. Photo: LG   LG V20 Specs: The LG V20 sports a 5.7-inch display, dual-cameras, an additional always-on display, great battery life and runs Android 7.0 Nougat. For charging the V20 uses USB-C, featuring a speaker and a headphone jack on each side of the charging port. On the back of the V20 you’ll see a fingerprint reader that also acts as a power button, and a dual-camera setup. Because the V20 has a second display, the V20 is larger than the Galaxy S7 Edge and iPhone 7, measuring at 159.78.1 x 78.1 x 7.6mm which can be challenging to hold with one hand. Though if you’re already used to using a larger phone, you’ll be comfortable using the LG V20. The V20 ships with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of memory, 64GB of storage which expands up to 2TB through microSD and has a 3,200mAh battery. The V20 also offers two camera lenses. One camera lens has an 8-megapixel 135-degree ultra-wide angle lens, while the other camera lens has a 16-megapixel wide-angle shooter. The front of the V20 has a 120-degree lens wide-angle camera with 5 megapixels. LG V20 Features: Besides being one of the first phones to feature Android Nougat, the V20 features a 32-bit Quad DC, which is made by ESS Technology. It supports all kinds of formats, including FLAC, AIFF and Apple Lossless. There’s also an HD audio recorded that captures “studio quality audio” from different miss built into the phone. What this means for you, is there will be less noise and better sound quality. LG claims that the V20 claims a 50 percent reduction of ambient noise levels. The V20 also brings back the secondary screen, but this time it has more brightness, plus a new “signature feature.” Similar to the Galaxy Note, the V20 screen can show a word or phrase when not in use, and you can create wallpaper theme. It also features a removable battery, as well as the option to manually control the video camera. LG V20 Price: For $800 depending on where you buy it, the V20 is priced to compete with some of the best phones on the market right now, including the Galaxy S7 Edge and iPhone 7. Galaxy S7 Edge Specs, Features, Price While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. Photo: Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Specs: The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is arguably one of the best smartphones Samsung has ever made. The S7 Edge’s Quad HD (2,560 x 1,440) screen packs in 534 pixels per inch and is beautiful. he S7 Edge is powered by Qualcomm’s high-performance Snapdragon 820 octa-core processor. It also has 4GB of RAM. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow runs smoothly on the Galaxy S7 Edge, even Samsung’s TouchWiz doesn’t slow it down. If you’re a fan of gaming, you’ll want to go with the S7 Edge. The graphics chip is 64% faster than the S6, the phone which ran 3D games like Modern Combat and GT Racing 2. Most devices can’t handle 3D games but the S7 Edge can. Galaxy S7 Edge Features: The S7 Edge also has an “always on display,” which shows what time it is, calendar and other widgets on the screen. That makes it easier to catch the news, sports scores and get shortcuts to specific tasks (like texting your friends). The S7 Edge includes a 3,600mAh battery that can last for an entire day, putting it ahead of the iPhone 7 and LG V20. With the included Fast Charger, the S7 Edge can make it through a busy work day. The S7 Edge has the same cameras as the S7, which is 12-megapixels on the back with optical image stabilization and 5 megapixels on the front. The S7 Edge lets you capture more meaning you can include more people in a group selfie. Both camera lenses also have an f/1.7 aperture, which brings in more light than any other smartphone. This means the S7 Edge can take better pictures at night especially in dimly lit locations. Just like the iPhone 7, the S7 Edge lets you unlock the device with your fingerprint, just press the home button and leave your fingerprint on it. The recognition is faster than the iPhone 7’ Touch ID sensor, but it’s still pretty close. The S7 Edge has a microSD card slot integrated into its SIM card tray. Getting a microSD card to expand storage is a must especially if you want to download tons of apps, music, photos and videos. The S7 Edge can take microSD cards up to 2TB. Other great features about the S7 Edge is its water-resistant, which means it can be submerged in up to five feet of water for close to 30 minutes. While the S7 Edge is a little bit more extra, you at least get a big screen, long battery life and beautiful design. Galaxy S7 Edge Price: The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is also priced at $700 depending on where you buy it. You can buy the Galaxy S7 Edge for $699.99 from Best Buy. If you buy from Samsung directly it will cost $769.99. iPhone 7 Specs, Features Price While Apple and Samsung continue to be the stars of the shows, LG is making headlines with the V20. We’ve decided to compare LG V20 Vs. Galaxy S7 Edge Vs. iPhone 7 to see which phone has the best specs, features, etc. Photo: Apple iPhone 7 Features: Apple announced the iPhone 7 at its press event in September. As expected, the iPhone 7 looks similar to the iPhone 6, though it has a camera bump. One of the most significant design change was the two new color choices, which come in Jet Black and a matte black aka Black. Apple also released a Gold, Silver and Rose Gold model. As rumored, Apple removed the 3.5mm headphone jack in favor of wireless headphones - though it does come with an adapter for existing headphones. Fans of wireless headphones won’t mind, but owners of wired headphones will need to carry a 3.5mm Lightning adapter which could be a deal breaker. Apple redesigned the home button on the iPhone 7, making it force sensitive just like the trackpads used in recent MacBook laptops. The camera in the iPhone 7 has been upgraded with optical image stabilization and a brighter f/1.8 lens. iPhone 7 Specs: The iPhone 7 also comes with a new A10 Fusion processor that’s 40 percent faster than the iPhone 6. Apple also says that the new iPhone 7 has the “longest battery life ever of an iPhone,” making it a more powerful device than the Galaxy S7 Edge. When it comes to storage between the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 Edge it’s a pretty close tie. The iPhone 7 is available 32, 128 and 256GB variants, while the Galaxy S7 Edge comes in 32GB or 64GB build. The Galaxy S7 also has a MicroSD slot, which might put the Galaxy ahead of the iPhone 7, especially since MicroSD cards are cheap. Related Stories Specs Comparison For Huawei Mate 9 And iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Price: You can buy the iPhone 7 from Apple for $650. It’s always a close race when comparing the iPhone 7, LG V20 and the Galaxy S7 Edge. Though the iPhone 7 is cheaper and more powerful, the Galaxy S7 Edge offers a headphone jack and a bigger display. Sometimes it just comes down to brand loyalty and what operating system you're used to. So if you’re an Android user, you’ll want to go with the Galaxy S7 Edge. If you’re upset Apple removed the headphone jack, that’ll make it even easier for you to want to buy the S7 Edge or LG V20. However, if you’re thinking about switching to iOS and you want a powerful phone that’s easy to use, you’ll want to buy the iPhone 7. The Galaxy S7 Edge is technically the winner, but it really depends on what you’re willing to spend and what features you can and cannot live without.  ​ Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, has addressed the speculation that the addition of the Touch Bar into the new MacBook Pros signifies the company’s plan to totally ditch the physical keyboard. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Don’t expect an iPhone SE successor in 2017 Adam Westlake - Nov 5, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Earlier this year, Apple released the iPhone SE, featuring the iPhone 5’s looks and several components from the more advanced iPhone 6s. It was meant to be a slightly more affordable model for those still wanting a 4-inch display, but avoided being seen as a cheap, entry-level device like the iPhone 5c was. Unfortunately, if you’re among the users that the iPhone SE appealed to, it looks like Apple has no plans for a refresh in the first half of 2017. This news comes from Ming-Chi Kuo, the KGI Securities analyst with one of the best track records when it comes predicting Apple’s future plans. In his latest note to investors, Kuo writes that the Cupertino company will extend the iPhone SE’s lifecycle beyond the usual one-year, and instead focus on maintaining profit margins as worldwide shipment numbers of iPhones decline in the first part of 2017. SlashGear’s iPhone SE review The analyst say that the cause of declining iPhone shipments will primarily be caused by a weakening demand in China, low shipments of 4.7-inch models, and the lack of refreshed iPhone SE in the second quarter of 2017. To make up for these lower shipment numbers, Kuo says that Apple will focus on maintaining iPhone profits by pressuring component makers to lower their prices, in turn reducing supply chain costs, some as soon as November and December. It’s worth noting, however, that Kuo’s prediction on an updated iPhone SE is only through the second quarter of 2017. While it may be unlikely, especially with Apple focusing on the “iPhone 8” by that time, but an iPhone SE refresh could still come later in the year. SOURCE MacRumors Story Timeline iPhone SE Review - Classic Remix Smartphone Shipments leveling out: everyone already has one Strong iPhone 7 Plus demand not enough to halt decline, says KGI Apple's record quarterly earnings hinged on 'Services' iPhone sales rise sequentially while iPad levels out Tags ApplefinancialiPhoneiPhone SEPhonessmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft details Black Friday 2016 deals: sales start November 24 Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Samsung's culture needs to change if it wants to survive Steve Kovach Nov. 5, 2016, 10:00 AM 44,607 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Samsung is a company that hates to fail. That may seem obvious (who actually revels in failure?), but most companies don't react to setbacks the way Samsung does. The best example? That famous story from 1995 where the company’s chairman set 150,000 defective phones ablaze in a giant bonfire in front of Samsung’s factory in Gumi, South Korea with thousands of employees watching. The demonstration doubled as a dire warning: Don’t let it happen again. Two decades later, with Samsung reeling from the damage of its defective Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, employees are bracing for another bonfire. Only this time insiders expect Samsung to burn a lot more than faulty electronic devices.  It's almost certain that the playbook that transformed Samsung into a consumer electronics powerhouse will get substantial revisions.  And as Samsung prepares for its annual executive reorganization — a yearly purging of the top ranks that's coming up in a few weeks — it’s likely we’ll see a lot of heads roll, especially at the top. This wasn’t just any screwup. It was one that erased billions from Samsung’s market cap and gave Apple and Google an opportunity to reap the rewards from those fed up with the Samsung brand. Lockdown Internally, Samsung is on lockdown. Even people I normally talk to within the company have been unusually tight lipped as the investigation continues into what exactly caused the Galaxy Note 7 to explode. The theory among those I have spoken to seems to be that Samsung is withholding all the information it can until the annual reorganization happens. Then the healing can begin. To recap: After weeks of reports that the Note 7 devices overheated or exploded, causing dozens of injuries and the evacuation of a Southwest Airlines flight, Samsung made the decision last month to recall the phone and cancel the Note 7 line for good. A separate product recall involving washing machines that have injured consumers when the lids flew off has further tarnished Samsung's reputation.  One person close to Samsung told me the company's electronics group is currently reevaluating everything from marketing to design to engineering to make sure nothing like this ever happens again. That means changes in leadership as well as in culture.  Samsung built its brand by being first to market with the coolest and newest technologies, from smartphones to televisions. The company released 6 smart watches in the year before Apple released the Apple Watch, and Samsung is regularly among the first to showcase slick new breeds of televisions like curved OLED displays. But that strategy now looks like a liability. As Bloomberg reported , Samsung’s rush to beat Apple’s iPhone 7 could’ve been one of the reasons why the Note 7 turned out to be defective. Normally, Samsung would’ve solved the Note 7 problem and moved on by now, this person told me. But in this case, the company is slowing down and evaluating everything in its product development cycle.  Given the urgency under which Samsung has operated for so long, this deliberate pace investigating the matter may well represent the first sign of a major culture shift.  A Samsung Galaxy Note 7 that exploded. AP If we don't change, we don't survive The stakes couldn’t be higher. Samsung appears to be aware that it could suffer the same fate as other former industry leaders like Nokia and BlackBerry unless things drastically change. People I’ve spoken were optimistic that the Note 7 crisis could be the catalyst the company needed to change how things work at the company. “If we don’t change, we don’t survive,” another person close to Samsung told me. And, for the first time, insiders are getting the sense that things actually are changing. Part of that change, it seems, is to make sure products are fully baked before releasing them to the public. Moving quickly is admirable, especially in the tech world, but not at the expense of making a product that’s safe to use. Samsung learned a hard lesson. Now it’s getting ready for a change. The change won't be easy. The culture of urgency is deeply entrenched in the company and broadly diffused across disparate operations that include everything from the production of semiconductors to batteries. It's especially important going into 2017. Before the Note 7 turned out to be a dud, Samsung was gearing up for its next major flagship device that should launch early next year. Unfortunately, those plans have been tainted by the Note 7, and Samsung will have to rethink how it pitches the phone to the public. The device is said to be another radical transformation in design, according to early rumors, and I’ve been told to expect some impressive new products throughout the year. (Sorry, I wish I had more details than that.) But if Samsung wants those devices to be successful, it’ll have to prove that it’s learned its lesson and has the processes in place to make sure all future products are safe. Do you know anything about what’s happening at Samsung following the Galaxy Note 7 debacle? Email me at skovach@businessinsider.com. (I’m discreet!) SEE ALSO: The Google Pixel review NOW WATCH: Here's the best smartphone camera you can buy Loading video... More: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Galaxy Note 7 recall facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Samsung's culture needs to change if it wants to survive Samsung's culture needs to change if it wants to survive Samsung is a company that hates to fail. That... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 12° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech MacBook Pro 2016 almost makes sense, but Apple really missed a trick with the iPhone 7 MacBook Pro 2016 almost makes sense, but Apple really missed a trick with the iPhone 7 APPLE'S new 2016 MacBook Pro is a stunning laptop that drops multiple single-use ports in favour of the flexibility of USB Type-C. It’s a clever move, if a little frustrating. However it's also one that doesn’t gel with the rest of Apple’s product line-up. By Aaron Brown Aaron Brown PUBLISHED: 08:20, Mon, Nov 7, 2016 | UPDATED: 08:58, Mon, Nov 7, 2016 Apple unveiled its redesigned MacBook Pro last month. The new laptop sports a svelte unibody design inspired by the lightweight 12-inch MacBook, and showcases Apple’s first foray into multi-touch input with its macOS desktop operating system. But the redesigned MacBook Pro reveal has not been without its controversies – not least because the new Apple laptop comes with a hefty new price tag. Apple has also chosen to abandon the plethora of ports it included with the previous MacBook Pro model, including two Thunderbolt 2.0 ports, two USB 3.0 ports, a HDMI and SDXC card reader. Instead, the new MacBook Pro carries four Thunderbolt 3 ports. These versatile ports are fully-compatible with the USB Type-C standard, and can be used to charge the device, as well as data transfer, video input and output. GETTYThunderbolt 3 and USB-C are undoubtedly versatile – but has Apple jumped the gun? EXPRESS NEWSPAPERSWhen it came to ports, the MacBook Pro used to be Apple's no-compromise laptop Apple’s ever-growing arsenal of adapters means MacBook Pro owners can also use the Thunderbolt 3 port to connect to ethernet, USB A, Digital AV and VGA. There’s no doubt USB Type-C is more flexible than the single-use ports it has replaced on the previous MacBook Pro, and as soon as it becomes the industry-standard – the configuration will make even more sense. USB-C is not currently the universal standard it will undoubtedly become Unfortunately, USB-C is not currently the universal standard it will undoubtedly become in the coming years. Even Apple itself has not fully committed to the multipurpose USB connector. The company bundles its latest smartphones, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, with a Lightning-to-USB A charging cable. That’s clearly an admission that most users are not yet onboard with the new USB standard. It also means MacBook Pro owners who want to charge or sync their new iPhone to the laptop over a wired connection will require a £25 USB-C to Lightning cable or a £19 USB-C to USB adapter. APPLEThe Apple Store is being populated with an ever-growing number of dongles It’s one of a number of inconsistencies that runs throughout Apple’s product line-up at the moment. Last year, customers who bought the latest iPhone and MacBook were able to connect the two devices without the need for a dongle. Those same customers were also able to use their Apple EarPod headphones across the MacBook Pro and iPhone. Today, that also requires an adapter. Although the MacBook Pro carries a 3.5mm headphone port, the latest iteration of the iPhone does not. Apple said the decision to drop this ageing technology took “courage” and will accelerate the development of wireless headphones – where it sees the future of personal audio. APPLEApple has completely committed to Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C – on the MacBook at least iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus also comes bundled with a pair of Lightning-connected headphones. Using Lightning over the traditional 3.5mm connector has a number of benefits, which Apple took time to highlight on-stage during the announcement of the smartphones. Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, Phil Schiller used the JBL Reflect Aware headphones to demonstrate the power of the Lightning port. “It’s light weight, it’s affordable, provides active noise cancellation,” he said. “In fact, with an app on your iPhone it’s adaptive and you can adjust how much exterior noise you want to let in or not and it does it all without batteries and charging – because it works directly over that Lightning connector, simply not possible in just an analog cord.” EXPRESS NEWSPAPERSJBL's lighting-enabled headphones combine a lightweight design with active noise cancellation He’s right. Express.co.uk has tested the JBL Reflect Aware headphones and they provide awesome, customisable noise-cancellation without any of the bulk associated with the technology. However, these same benefits can be achieved with USB Type-C. In fact, JBL makes a pair of Reflect Aware headphones with a USB Type-C port instead of the Lightning. Unlike the Apple EarPods bundled with the iPhone 7, these are compatible with the MacBook Pro. Not only that, they benefit from the versatility of the port. MacBook Pro owners would be able to pick which of the four Thunderbolt 3 ports they wanted to dedicate to each function at any one time.  As someone who has had to uncomfortably contort both a MagSafe connector and 3.5mm headphone connection on the previous-generation MacBook Pro in various conference halls, aeroplane seats, and coffee shops – this seems like another obvious win for USB Type-C. APPLEPorts aside, the headline feature on the new MacBook Pro is the Touch Bar Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Launch Event Thu, October 27, 2016 Apple is holding its third product launch of 2016, and has unveiled three new MacBook Pros and a major update to Apple TV. Play slideshow GETTY 1 of 18 Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Launch Event If the iPhone 7 is destined to only have one port – surely it makes sense to ensure that port is the most versatile and open standard possible? Except that going all-in with USB-C on the iPhone, in the same way Apple has committed with the MacBook, would cut-off a nice revenue stream for the company.  Apple charges manufacturers a licence-fee to use its proprietary Lightning connector in their wired headphones. As a result only a few manufacturers – including Philips and JBL – have released compatible products since the MFi (Made for iPhone/iPad/iPod) specifications were released, back in June 2014. Apple used to market its products with the tagline “It Just Works.” Unfortunately, the painful transition period between USB to USB-C as a mainstream standard, coupled with a few inconsistencies between products in the current line-up, means that for many customers this will no longer be the case. At least not without a few £20 dongles, that is. Related articles Kindle Oasis Review: The best e-reader Amazon has ever shipped Two years on, Apple Watch finally delivers on its promises Google Pixel XL Review - Android phone perfection comes at a price Latest videos BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker reveals why he's never worked on a Sunday in 20 years Piers Morgan reveals what his wife REALLY thinks about Susanna Reid 'romance' A warning to the West? Russia unveils 'guard robot' to protect underground missiles I’m A Celebrity 2016: Larry Lamb named President and Scarlett Moffatt is Vice-President Children in Need 2016: Viewers in tears over Sir Terry Wogan tribute  Spotify could be DAMAGING your computer, and this is why Black Friday 2016 - Amazon SALE starts TODAY, here are the best deals available Google Pixel got HACKED in just 60 seconds The Grand Tour - Why you'll probably want to wait before watching the Top Gear rival Windows 10 - Microsoft has put users' security at risk, says antivirus CEO AdultFriendFinder HACKED - Have YOUR dirty secrets been EXPOSED? iPhone sales could be HALTED as China hits back against Trump Sony Xperia XZ review: A fabulous phone but it's missing a killer feature Apple AirPods - Apple to 'ramp up production' but don't expect your headphones soon Black Friday 2016 - Everything to know about Amazon UK, Tesco, Argos and Currys deals Spotify could be DAMAGING your computer, and this is why Black Friday 2016 - Amazon SALE starts TODAY, here are the best deals available Google Pixel got HACKED in just 60 seconds The Grand Tour - Why you'll probably want to wait before watching the Top Gear rival Windows 10 - Microsoft has put users' security at risk, says antivirus CEO AdultFriendFinder HACKED - Have YOUR dirty secrets been EXPOSED? iPhone sales could be HALTED as China hits back against Trump Sony Xperia XZ review: A fabulous phone but it's missing a killer feature Apple AirPods - Apple to 'ramp up production' but don't expect your headphones soon Black Friday 2016 - Everything to know about Amazon UK, Tesco, Argos and Currys deals Spotify could be DAMAGING your computer, and this is why Black Friday 2016 - Amazon SALE starts TODAY, here are the best deals available Google Pixel got HACKED in just 60 seconds The Grand Tour - Why you'll probably want to wait before watching the Top Gear rival Windows 10 - Microsoft has put users' security at risk, says antivirus CEO AdultFriendFinder HACKED - Have YOUR dirty secrets been EXPOSED? iPhone sales could be HALTED as China hits back against Trump Sony Xperia XZ review: A fabulous phone but it's missing a killer feature Apple AirPods - Apple to 'ramp up production' but don't expect your headphones soon Black Friday 2016 - Everything to know about Amazon UK, Tesco, Argos and Currys deals SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Tuesday, 15th November 2016 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Royal History Weird Nature Science Obituaries Sunday Scotland Weather UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news Golf Cricket Tennis Rugby Union F1 Boxing Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Express Comment Columnists Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Jackpot Millions Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version November 5, 2016 - 16:49 AMT SHARE Apple unlikely to refresh iPhone SE in March 2017, Kuo says As Apple faces pressure to maintain high gross margins amidst flagging iPhone sales, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo suggests the company will not apply an annual refresh cycle to its affordable, small form-factor iPhone SE handset, AppleInsider reports. In a note to investors obtained by AppleInsider on Friday, November 4, Kuo says Apple will prolong iPhone SE's lifecycle beyond the usual one year rotation in a bid to boost gross margins and minimize cannibalization of high-end flagships like the iPhone 7. Specifically, Kuo says a new iPhone SE model is unlikely to launch in the second fiscal quarter of 2017, which for Apple ends in March. The 4-inch iPhone variant debuted this year on March 31, leaving some to speculate that a next-generation version with updated internals would see release at roughly the same time in 2017. Kuo does not mention plans beyond the second quarter, meaning a refresh might land later in the year. The supposed decision to hold off on an iPhone SE revamp owes in part to lower than expected gross margin guidance for the current first fiscal quarter of 2017. During Apple's most recent quarterly earning conference call, the company said it anticipates gross margins between 38 percent and 38.5 percent for the three-month period ending in December, below consensus of more than 39 percent and down from 40.1 percent in 2015. Along with nixing an immediate iPhone SE update, Apple is taking other steps to goose profits. In particular, the Cupertino tech giant has been putting pressure on component manufacturers to reduce prices, a measure that effectively reduces supply chain costs, Kuo says. Major suppliers of key components, like Samsung and TSMC, have bargaining power and are unlikely to be impacted by the belt-tightening, but smaller producers could see calls for price cuts arrive in November and December, AppleInsider says. That being said, Samsung might raise prices for 3GB DRAM and 3D NAND flash as those components remain in short supply. Kuo forecasts iPhone shipment volumes of 40 million to 50 million units for the current quarter, down year-over-year from 51.2 million units, on conservative sell-through for 4.7-inch iPhones and weakening demand in China. Looking ahead, he estimates total iPhone shipment volume to reach 35 million to 40 million units in the second quarter of 2017, down from 40.4 million units at the same time last year. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 11/5/2016 7:12 AM MacBook Pro review: Touch Bar is cool, but will you use it? Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   The MacBook Pro's new touch-sensitive control bar, a second display that will display different controls based on the program you're using, is silky smooth, beautiful to behold and incredibly easy to use. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) Video: MacBook Pro Touch Bar   Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post     Two seconds into using Apple's Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro, and I'm in love. The new touch-sensitive control bar, a second display that will display different controls based on the program you're using, is silky smooth, beautiful to behold and incredibly easy to use. What I'm not at all sure about, however, is how much I'll love the control bar once it's no longer in front of me. There are two models with the Touch Bar, a 13-inch and a 15-inch one, which cost at least $300 more than the model without it. (The Touch Bar itself isn't the only difference; the more expensive models also have better processors, more ports and other upgrades.) When you're in front of these machines, it's hard not to be wowed. Both are impressive to look at, with their huge trackpads and bright screens. Both have Touch ID's fingerprint sensor built into the power button, which works as snappily as on the iPhone. related advertisement video MacBook Pro Touch Bar   Apple also provided me with a 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar to review, and I found the keyboard very pleasant to type on. I use a 12-inch MacBook myself as my usual laptop, and found that I liked the keyboard on the new MacBook Pro much better than on my own machine. Both use the same, slimmer "butterfly" technology that Apple introduced with the MacBook in 2015, which cuts down on bulk but can also feel too shallow to some users. Apple improved the design on the MacBook Pro by making the keys feel like they're traveling a little more deeply into the keyboard. Even in the short time I've had the computer, it feels more powerful and impressive than its predecessors. If you're upgrading from an older MacBook Pro, this will feel like an upgrade: the screen is brighter, the performance is noticeably better and the computers themselves are lighter. Not bad, as a total package. But the focus of this new line really is the Touch Bar. It changes depending on what program you're using. For example, if you're using Safari, the bar may feature your favorite sites. I have nothing bad to say about it -- apart from the fact that it may require some creative ergonomics to use comfortably. The display on the Touch Bar is impressive, particularly when showing off color much more vibrantly than you'd expect from that tiny strip. Apple's made it easy and intuitive to customize. I'm a person who likes physical, clicky buttons, but even I have to admit that the added functionality of the adaptable software controls on the Touch Bar is intriguing. Not all of the Touch Bar controls are necessarily timesavers. For example, some observers of Thursday's event remarked that the Touch Bar adds steps in Photoshop. But some of the controls do save you having to go through annoying drop-down menus, instead putting them at your fingertips. Being able to customize the Touch Bar is a huge perk for often-used functions. For example, if you have an abnormal devotion to flagging messages, or if you're an "Archive" person instead of a "Trash" person in Mail (or vice-versa) you can add those quick shortcuts right to your keyboard through the Touch Bar. In other programs, it gives you finer, more visceral control -- you can slide through a spectrum to get just the right shade in Photos, or hit just the right decibel level in iTunes without making your finger do a jackhammer impression on your volume keys. And, in any case, the Touch Bar controls are about intuition -- not necessarily about saving time for power users who've memorized all of the keyboard shortcuts, but for making various features more available to the average user. With zero training, I knew exactly how to use the Touch Bar. That's not nothing. So, in a vacuum, these are really exciting and excellent computers. In the real world, they are still excellent -- but there are other things to consider. Price is a big one. The MacBook Pro line has always been Apple's premium line, and that's never been more apparent. The new entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar is $1,500. If you want the Touch Bar, you have to pay at least $1800. If you wanted, you could spend about $4800 on a fully tricked-out 15-inch MacBook Pro with all the bells, whistles and software that Apple offers. That's not insignificant. There's also the fact that Apple is really pushing its users into new technology -- which means we're going to have a transition period here. While the MacBook Pro fixes one of users' greatest laments about the MacBook -- the MacBook has a single USB-C port; the new MacBook Pros have four -- people will still need to use adapters for most of their accessories. Which, quite frankly, can be annoying. I personally have forgotten adapters on business trips before, making my job unnecessarily harder. (In my case, I need an adapter for my digital voice recorder. Your mileage may vary.) That problem won't last forever; USB-C is likely to become the new standard. But that isn't the case now, and prospective buyers should know they're going to have to wait for an adapter-free existence. Transition periods can be annoying like that. Even the Touch Bar itself, while an intriguing addition that gives an honestly wonderful experience, will take some time to get used to. And if developers other than Apple don't embrace the technology and add some tricks of their own, a worst-case scenario could see the Touch Bar going down in history as a great missed opportunity: a piece of tech that was interesting, but never lived up to its full potential. That grim picture of the Touch Bar's future is not a prediction, by any means. It could easily become second nature to swipe, tap and slide at the top of my keyboard. I sort of hope it does, because it's a lot of fun in the demos. But it will take me -- and, likely, most other Mac users -- some time to figure out just how to make the Touch Bar personally useful to justify the MacBook Pro's price tag for all but the most faithful Mac users. That hurdle may prove a hard one for Apple to overcome, and it will have to make a strong case to users and developers to get all of us to jump it. Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Donald Trump's Corporate Tax Repatriation Plan Would Benefit These 5 Companies the Most With more than $400 billion in cumulative cash stashed overseas, these U.S. multinationals would benefit greatly if Trump's corporate repatriation plan were implemented. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Nov 5, 2016 at 7:23AM Image source: Flickr user Michael Candelori.  If there's one thing that can be said about the election process in 2016, it's that it's been unique. In just a matter of days we're going to find out whether the United States will be run by the first female president ever, or the first career businessman with no prior political or military background. As the campaigns of both Hillary Clinton on the Democratic side and Donald Trump on the Republican side have pressed on, we've learned in greater detail where they stand on key issues. One of those issues that the American public has really pushed into the spotlight over the past year has been legal corporate tax shelters. Donald Trump's corporate tax repatriation plan By "legal corporate tax shelters" I mean the practice by which U.S. corporations are choosing not to repatriate profits earned in overseas markets because they would pay an exceptionally high tax rate on that income if they did. The U.S. corporate income tax rate of 35% trails only the United Arab Emirates and Chad. Because U.S. corporate income tax rates are so high relative to other developed countries, U.S. corporations now have nearly $2.5 trillion in profits stashed in overseas markets, based on a new report from Capital Economics. Comparatively, this figure has doubled since 2008, and it's up more than six-fold since 2002 when income stashed overseas accounted for less than $400 billion. Image source: Getty Images. There's seemingly little incentive for companies to repatriate this cash at up to a 35% tax rate, but a languishing U.S. economy that's struggling to grow GDP at more than 1% per quarter could certainly use a capital and reinvestment infusion. Donald Trump believes he has a plan that could fix both problems. Donald Trump, if elected, has proposed lowering the corporate income tax rate to 15% from 35% in an effort to put more money into the hands of businesses so they can hire, innovate, and expand. More importantly, he's advocated for a special corporate tax repatriation holiday rate whereby corporations with money stashed overseas would be able to pay a tax rate of just 10% on that income in order to bring it back into the United States. This cash could be a big boon to some of the largest U.S. multinational companies. Trump's tax plan would really benefit these large U.S. multinationals There are, in particular, five companies that would stand to benefit the most, since they alone account for more than a sixth of the nearly $2.5 trillion estimate in cash held overseas. Microsoft It may not be thought of as the poster child for corporate income tax avoidance, but software giant Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has nearly $110 billion in profits parked overseas. Could you imagine what would happen if it were able to repatriate this cash at a special 10% rate and was left with nearly $99 billion in cash! Image source: Microsoft. For starters, Microsoft could wipe out every cent of the nearly $76 billion it currently has in debt and wind up with more than $20 billion to spare. It could also easily pay out a $10 a share special dividend, or even better, consider increasing its annual payout by $1 per share, per year, to increase its dividend yield to more than 4%. Though its smartest move might be to use that cash as an impetus to make earnings-accretive acquisitions. Microsoft is in the process of acquiring professional social network LinkedIn for $26.2 billion, and it could certainly benefit by using its overseas cash to bolster its social and cloud-computing offerings in the coming years. General Electric The only other U.S. multinational with more than $100 billion in cash being held in overseas markets is conglomerate General Electric (NYSE:GE). If it were able to repatriate its cash under Trump's proposal, it would have a little more than $90 billion left over. Image source: General Electric. General Electric has always been an opportunistic company, which means the addition of $90 billion would likely results in substantial M&A activity. Over just the past month and change GE has acquired two 3D printing companies for $1.4 billion and wind turbine parts maker LM Wind Power for $1.65 billion. There are also rumblings on the Street that GE could take a bigger role in the oil industry and has been taking a close look at Baker Hughes. It's possible that shareholders could benefit with a dividend hike, but GE would likely look to M&A if it were to repatriate its overseas cash pile. Apple If tech giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has any issues, cash is not one of them. Following its recently released third-quarter report, Apple now has $237.6 billion in cash, albeit it also has a record $75.4 billion in debt on its balance sheet, too. Based on Capital Economics' data (which was released prior to Apple's Q3 report), Apple has $91.5 billion in cash overseas. Image source: Apple. Assuming Trump's repatriation holiday rate were to prevail, Apple would walk away with about $82 billion in cash. This would be more than enough to completely wipe out its debt. Not known as much of an acquirer, Apple could use its repatriated capital as a means to buy back more stock and increase its dividend payout to shareholders. Apple could consider getting aggressive and repurchasing up to 10% of its outstanding common stock, or it could probably even double its annual dividend, pushing its forward yield to almost 4%. Pfizer U.S. drug giant Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) also has a lot of cash tied up in overseas markets. According to Capital Economics, Pfizer has about $80 billion in cash overseas, which would leave it somewhere near $72 billion if a 10% repatriation holiday rate were enacted. Image source: Getty Images. There's a lot Pfizer could do with access to an extra $72 billion in the United States. For starters, it could consider making a serious dent in the $44 billion in debt on its balance sheet, or boost its $1.20 annual payout to push its yield well above 5%. However, the more likely scenario is Pfizer using the capital to reinvest in its organic research and development, as well as (you guessed it) more M&A. Pfizer purchased Hospira for its biosimilar and injectable drug portfolio in 2015, and in 2016 it's acquired Anacor Pharmaceuticals for its experimental non-steroidal eczema product, and Medivation for its oncology blockbuster Xtandi (which was co-developed by Astellas Pharma). Inorganic growth is a big part of Pfizer's long-term growth strategy, and its repatriated cash could be a means to that end. IBM Finally, software giant IBM (NYSE:IBM) has more than $65 billion in cash sitting in overseas markets. If Big Blue were able to repatriate its overseas cash at a special 10% rate, it would gain access to about $60 billion that could be used in the United States. Image source: IBM. It's quite likely that IBM would use at least some of its cash to boost its shareholder yield. It's no secret that IBM was late to the cloud-computing party, and it's looked to cut costs and boost shareholder yield to thank shareholders who are sticking by the tech giant's long-term business transformation. IBM could very easily repurchase 10% to 15% of its outstanding common stock, or push its yield north of 5% to appease long-term shareholders. Another possibility is IBM could buy its way to cloud-computing growth with its repatriated cash. IBM has been mostly dinking and dunking its way to inorganic growth, however a $60 billion cash infusion in the U.S. could change that strategy. It's important that readers understand these are hypothetical scenarios of what these companies could do with their overseas cash if it were repatriated; and that these scenarios are wholly dependent on both Donald Trump being elected as president, and him being able to get his corporate tax holiday rate implemented by Congress. These are some big "what if's" that should be taken into consideration when analyzing the future of any of these companies. Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. It also owns shares of General Electric, LinkedIn, and Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Nov 5, 2016 at 7:23AM Investment Planning Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) IBM NYSE:IBM $158.21 down $-3.06 (-1.90%) Pfizer NYSE:PFE $32.38 down $0.21 (-0.64%) General Electric NYSE:GE $30.51 down $0.20 (-0.65%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Read More These 7 Single-Digit P/E Stocks Could Collectively Deliver $600 Billion in Free Cash Flow by 2020 These 5 Companies Collectively Have $521 Billion in Cash and Investments 4 Bargain Stocks You Can Buy Today 3 Great Dividend Stocks for Retirees 3 Stocks the Market Loves to Hate, but You Should Love Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Authors Shop Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK Analysis Edit The triumphant return of the PC The Week Staff Microsoft November 5, 2016 ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up for Our free email newsletters 10 things you need to know today Today's best articles The week's best photojournalism Today's top cartoons Daily business briefing The smartest insight and analysis, from all perspectives, rounded up from around the web: "Remember the death of the PC?" asked Will Oremus at Slate. Pundits have been writing obituaries for the personal computer for years now, but Apple and Microsoft just showed that the consumer tech workhorse is still alive and kicking. Souped-up PCs wowed reviewers at dueling product launches held by the companies last week. Microsoft showed off the Surface Studio, a "massive, gorgeous, $3,000 desktop PC" with a touch-enabled screen that artists and designers can lay flat like a drafting table. Apple's new MacBook Pro, meanwhile, replaces the top row of keys with a touch screen that displays handy shortcuts for whatever app is being used. The launches prove that the Microsoft-Apple rivalry is also "alive and well," said Hayley Tsukayama at The Washington Post. A few years ago, Microsoft's consumer products felt like an afterthought; the company notably missed out on the mobile revolution with its failed Windows Phone. But if the initial reactions to the Surface Studio are any indication, Microsoft may be beating Apple at its own design game. Who knew tech enthusiasts in 2016 would be drooling over a desktop? "It's like we're in some kind of weird time warp," said Bob O'Donnell at Recode. Thirty-five years after the first PC came to market, we are witnessing something "more like a PC renaissance than a PC extinction." The tablet market, which has never approached the size of the PC market, has been shrinking for three years now; sales of smartwatches are also tanking. Meanwhile, even though global PC sales have been declining since their peak in 2011, "U.S. PC shipments have actually turned around recently, and are now on a modestly increasing growth curve." Still, PCs will never generate the same kind of excitement they once did, said Walt Mossberg at The Verge. That's because the PC "has become the furniture of our digital lives." You don't want to go without one, but you don't need to replace it every year and you "don't expect revolutionary new features when you do." Apple and Microsoft are nevertheless smart to boot up their PC efforts, said Dan Gallagher at The Wall Street Journal. With nearly 200 million desktops sold globally this year, "a market still exists that tech companies can ill afford to ignore." The Mac alone pulls in nearly $23 billion in annual revenue for Apple — a tally that would make it 123rd on the Fortune 500 if it were a stand-alone business. Sales of Microsoft's line of Surface devices are up nearly a third over last year. Apple and Microsoft's latest designs reflect the fact that "desktops and laptops are increasingly becoming more useful as professional tools than consumer gadgets," said Lisa Eadicicco at Time. "We used to use our home computers for everything from checking email to surfing the web to listening to music." Now most people have moved on to smartphones and tablets for those activities. That partly explains why these new machines are so expensive (the new MacBook Pro starts at $1,799). "Those price tags are tough for an everyday user to justify, but professionals might see the machines as an investment if they're making money by using them." Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT SHARE!   Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. More business articles See All How to choose the best credit card MoneyTips Staff The massive conflicts of interest in Trump's business empire Jeff Spross This magnetic ink could let wearable gadgets heal themselves The Week Staff Most popular See All 1 Hey, Trump voters! Paul Ryan is already coming for your Medicare. Ryan Cooper 2 Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey ordered released from prison Ricky Soberano 3 Obama advises Trump to address 'certain elements of his temperament' Kimberly Alters Around the web Powered By ZergNet More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple slashes dongle, LG UltraFine 5K Display prices Apple Apple slashes dongle, LG UltraFine 5K Display prices By Bindu Nair - Nov 5, 2016 Apple has officially announced a slew of price cuts for accessories following an avalanche of protests from consumers regarding the new MacBook Pro. It’s also made its LG-made 4K and 5K display cheaper in an additional move to appease customers. To recap, Apple faced a massive backlash when it unveiled the revamped MacBook Pros with only 2 or 4 USB-C Thunderbolt slots, getting rid of legacy ports like the MagSafe connector, SD card reader, and USB-A slot in the process. The brand later explained why it chose to do so to a certain extent and promised to make the transition easier for everyone. The new cut in costs is meant for just that. Apple chose to shed some light on the move in a statement, saying that it recognizes most pro users rely on legacy connectors and face a tough transition. The company is looking to help them make the move and accelerate the growth of the new standards as well. Also Read: Apple to drop prices, adopt OLED panels for future MacBooks The new rates are valid till the end of the year and are applicable on all USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 peripherals, in addition to USB-C adapters and cables. Customers can now snap up accessories like the USB-C to USB Adapter for $9 (down from $19) and SanDisk USB-C SD card reader for $49 (down from $29). Apple is also dishing out a deep discount on its new LG UltraFine Display. The 21.5-inch 4K version is currently selling at $524, a steep $175 fall from its initial $699.95 cost. The 27-inch 5K version will come out in December at $974, another huge $325 decline from its original $1299.95 value. The special rates are set to be around till the end of 2016. You can check out Apple’s lineup of accessories here. TAGS apple LG UltraFine Display MacBook Pro SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleXiaomi Redmi 4 series goes official Next articleSamsung recalls 2.8 million exploding washing machines Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR iPhone 8 to sport 5.8-inch curved borderless display Apple to launch bezel-less 10.9-inch iPad Apple’s AirPods may go up for sale next week 246,421FansLike 13,718FollowersFollow 12,852SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More 9 Awesome iPhone 8 Concepts Sohil Nikam - Nov 14, 2016 0 OnePlus 3T gets leaked ahead of launch Bindu Nair - Nov 14, 2016 0 AI-infused Google Play Music now recommends songs based on you activities Bindu Nair - Nov 14, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
GET IN TOUCH       Ghana News Ghana News, Ghana Politics, Ghana Sports, Ghana Business           Home Business Politics Elections Sport Showbiz Odd But True Opinion Relationship Lifestyle Infographics Photo Gallery TV Dongle dilemma provokes Apple price cut Saturday 5th November , 2016 12:00 pm A tweet posted shortly after Apple’s recent Macbook launch event underlined the absurdity: Apple now sells 17 different types of dongle. In its ever-escalating war against connectivity ports, Apple’s latest computers do away with the SD card port, a full-size USB port, and the HDMI port. Instead, you’ll need a dongle to convert those “legacy” connectors, as Apple put it on Friday, into the new, smaller USB-C port. “We recognize that many users, especially pros, rely on legacy connectors to get work done today and they face a transition,” the company said in a statement, without acknowledging that Apple’s newest iPhone, released just last month, is one such “legacy” device – without a dongle (or a different cable, sold separately), you can’t connect Apple’s new smartphone to Apple’s new laptop. “We want to help them move to the latest technology and peripherals, as well as accelerate the growth of this new ecosystem.” That help will be a decent discount on the price of the dongles – it calls them adapters – until the end of this year. The most popular one is likely to be the USB to USB-C adapter – which will be $9, down from $19. For connecting iPhones (both new and old), you’ll need a $19 Lightning to USB dongle – although you could use an old Lightning to USB cable if you bought the USB to USB-C adapter. Keeping up? Dongle spaghetti It’s an acknowledgement that Apple’s pro users aren’t exactly thrilled with the latest offering from the company considered to offer the gold standard in laptops. The bigger issue here, and one that was expertly discussed in a Medium post by technology journalist Owen Williams, is what many see as a muddle at the heart of Apple’s newest products. For a company that rightly prides itself on creating products that “just work”, it’s literally descended into something of a tangled mess. Apple has, Mr Williams argued, created computers that lack a core selling point. For pro users, the types that use their Macs for graphic design and video editing, the new range only serves to take away functionality existing Macbooks provide. If you’re not a pro user, that’s fine. But along with Apple’s announcement of new hardware came the news that the prices were going up. Dramatically so, if you’re living in Brexit Britain. (Though Apple certainly isn’t alone there. Marmite, anyone?) Those factors combined mean the dongle issue, one Apple might have got away with in the past, has caused added frustration to the faithful who had been waiting for a serious Macbook upgrade for some time. Dongles get lost, forgotten and broken. They’re an added source of vulnerability when it comes to things accidentally being pulled out when uploading some data, corrupting the lot. The Macbook future, at least for a short while, is a rag-tag spaghetti junction of dongles strewn across a desk or stuffed into a bag. In offices around the world, inboxes will fill with passive aggressive requests for “whoever took my iPhone dongle” to “please put it back where you found it, no questions asked”. And when something doesn’t work, you’ll now need to ascertain: is it the device that’s broken? Or the cable? Or the port? Or the dongle? Competitors moving in But hold up. Apple has form here, and history mostly proves them right. Where Apple goes, others normally follow. Earlier Macbook models already did away with ethernet ports and the CD/DVD drive – a move which seemed absurd at the time, but I’d argue Apple was ultimately exonerated. When was the last time you put a CD into your computer? So in time, the accessories we use every day will become USB-C as standard, no question about that, and the dongles will no longer be needed. But in the short term, Apple is left with a product that that no longer caters to either end of the market. Data suggests schools, parents and bosses are looking to Google’s cheaper Chromebooks, which this year began outselling MacBooks. And if we’re looking at MacBooks as being as part of the bigger Apple planet, we’re left with a company that appears to be behind in many areas. Its iPhone is still king, but sales have been in decline. Apple doesn’t have any virtual reality hardware. It doesn’t have any augmented reality hardware. Or a car – autonomous, electric or otherwise. In artificial intelligence, Apple’s Siri is considered to be the least smart of the mainstream smart assistants, and unlike Google and Amazon, it can’t yet be found in a family-friendly home device. Tim Cook appears to be throwing money at the problem(s). Spending on research and development has ballooned in the past three years, though Mr Cook is staying typically mum about what exactly the company is working on – only to tell worried investors that his company has the “strongest pipeline that we’ve ever had and we’re really confident about the things in it”. Only an idiot would write off Apple and its future. I don’t intend to be that idiot. Apple wasn’t the first to market with the smartphone, not even close, but it went on to define the industry and produce the most profitable piece of technology ever made. It could do that again and again in these new areas. As the world’s richest company, it has time and resources on its side. But with that in mind, couldn’t it afford to pop a dongle or two in the box to make its present-day customers a little happier? – Source: BBC Marian Efe Ansah More on citifmonline.com Flippy Campus launches online marketplace for tertiary students November 14, 2016 Facebook to do more tackling fake news November 14, 2016 Facebook wants to make you secure November 13, 2016 Facebook bug ‘kills’ users in ‘terrible error’ November 12, 2016 Spotify patches ‘data gobbling’ glitch November 11, 2016 13 year old honoured internationally for feats in tech space November 11, 2016 General News Mahama opens Kwame Nkrumah Interchange project [Photos] November 14, 2016 Burkinabe arrested for gruesome murder of school principal November 14, 2016 UK threatens to deny visas over election violence in Ghana November 14, 2016 We may deny visas over election violence – US warns Ghana November 14, 2016 Nana Addo doesn’t understand realities of governance – Mahama November 14, 2016 Advertisement Recent Posts Mahama opens Kwame Nkrumah Interchange project [Photos] Eyewitness News, Monday, November 14th, 2016 10th Further and Higher Education Conference opens in Accra [Photos] Bolgatanga SHS wins 2016 NHIS Quiz competition There’s no error with NPP logo on ballot – EC Burkinabe arrested for gruesome murder of school principal UK threatens to deny visas over election violence in Ghana We may deny visas over election violence – US warns Ghana Flippy Campus launches online marketplace for tertiary students Road Safety Management Services deploys tow trucks at Circle interchange Find us on Facebook © Copyright 2016 | citifmonline.com | All Rights Reserved.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu CLICK "I AGREE" Apple fans have click-signed more than 100,000 words of legal contracts Written by Christopher Groskopf November 05, 2016 Locked in. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung) Share Written by Christopher Groskopf November 05, 2016 Let’s say, for the sake of argument, that you’re an Apple fan. You’ve got a Mac, an iPhone, an Apple TV, and at least one Airport router. You even bought that overhyped watch. If you own those five devices, and use the software that Apple provides for each, then you’ve agreed at least 30 contracts, totaling more than 100,000 words of legal documentation. That’s longer than either The Hobbit or the first Harry Potter book. Offline, signing a contract is something we know we should take seriously. You may use lawyers to review the details or read it through carefully yourself. A bad contract can prevent you from getting a refund for shoddy work, or lock you into an paying for a service that you’ve cancelled. You probably file the signed paper away in an old-fashioned filing cabinet. However, if you’re like most people, you probably don’t read any of the contracts you agree to online, much less save them. You may not even think of those ubiquitous “I agree” buttons as being anything like signing a contract, but legally your click is the same as your signature. To get a better sense of just how pervasive software contracts have become, Quartz collected data on the most beloved technology company of them all: Apple. We haven’t singled out Apple because their contracts are particularly bad, but rather because they produce so many products and almost every one comes with its own contract. The legal section of Apple’s website lists more than 100 contracts. They cover everything from the operating system for the Apple Watch to the defunct Cards app for iOS. Most of these contracts say similar things: You don’t own the software. Apple isn’t liable if it fails or blows up. You can’t hack it or change how it works. However, each contract is also slightly different from the others and, unless you’ve carefully read all of them, you almost certainly aren’t aware of those differences. The terms for iTunes, for example, allow the company to suspend access to books or music you’ve already paid for. They also stipulate that you can’t burn your iTunes music to a CD more than seven times. Software can only be used on an “Apple-branded computer.” For example, if you work on a Windows PC or use an Android phone there’s no guarantee that you can read your ebooks there. They’re also not guaranteed to work at all if Apple were ever to go out of business.  A heavy internet user could easily have agreed to a million or more words of contracts.  Quartz reviewed 100,000 words of Apple legalese, and the company’s contracts are no worse than any other tech company. Tech giants, like Google and Microsoft have contracts that are significantly more wordy and hard to understand. And unlike Amazon, AirBnb, Adobe, Buzzfeed, Microsoft, Instagram, Slack, Tinder and WeChat, Apple does not include a consumer-hostile “binding arbitration” clause, which would block their customers from ever taking them to court. Let’s say, that after reading this article you decide to read the contracts for your Apple products and stash them in a digital file. That wouldn’t be enough to ensure you really know what you’ve agreed too. At least 15 of Apple’s contracts have been revised in 2016. Most changes are effective immediately, with or without notice. It’s impossible to know how frequently Apple makes changes, because old versions are not kept online. The company did not respond to an email requesting information on how frequently changes are made. If you count those revisions individually, then Apple fans have probably agreed to several hundred-thousand words of contracts—close to the length of the entire Lord of the Rings series, or a couple volumes of George R. R. Martin’s loquacious Game of Thrones. And that’s just Apple. Virtually every other tech company follows the same pattern. Long-time internet users could easily have agreed to a million or more words of contracts. So what is an Apple fan, or any internet user, to do? Most of us would rather sign the contracts than abstain from modern life. It’s important to know, however, that these contracts have an impact. They can demolish your ownership rights or restrict your freedom of speech. Acknowledging their absurdity is an essential first step. Putting pressure on lawmakers and companies to rein in the most blatant abuses of digital contracts may be next. Quartz is making available the full dataset of Apple contracts created for this story. These data were made by collecting US legal documents from Apple’s site, truncating them to only the English-language pages, and then performing simple page and word counts. No effort was made to standardize font sizes or account for other peculiarities of the source documents. All data is as of Sept. 30, 2016. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Apple drops price of USB-C adapters to make amends Simon Robb for Metro.co.ukSaturday 5 Nov 2016 11:55 am Say goodbye to all those familiar ports (Picture: Apple) Apple finally unveiled its first MacBook Pro redesign in four years with a big difference. Now instead of the usual USB ports, Apple has replaced them all with new USB-C ports – and longtime Mac users were not impressed. McDonald’s is introducing smartphone ordering in the UK This meant goodbye to the familiar SD card slot, USB port, Thunderbolt port, HDMI port and MagSafe connector. So now you’ll need an adapter to perform all these tasks. And to rub salt in the wound, the new MacBook Pro doesn’t come with any adapter in the box, so you can expect how people reacted (and it wasn’t pretty). To appease Mac fans, the company has dropped prices for all USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 accessories from now until the end of December. cool @apple. usb c only.. tite! new charger…glad i bought the old ones! no lightning ports! or sd reader or HDMI input! wow. #NoThanks — GRiZ (@mynameisGRiZ) October 28, 2016 I’m all for USB-C but the fact that I need an adaptor to plug my 5 week old iPhone 7 in my new MacBook Pro is borderline ridiculous — Sébastien Page (@SebastienPage) October 27, 2016 I actually hate the USB C charger so much that I almost don't even wanna order this. But… I'm going to. — Justine Ezarik 🎄 (@ijustine) October 27, 2016 I get USB C being so ace, but pros need SD Cards. And I want a HDMI port without needing a cable xD — Amarielle (@AmarielleEU) October 26, 2016 Apple have found a way to try and make amends (Picture: Getty Images) Here are Apple's discounts So now you can pick up the USB-C to USB adapter for £9 instead of £19. And the Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2 adapter for £29 instead of £49. Even with the discount it actually works out slightly more expensive than the US discounts – but whatever. How I built my first gaming PC – Reader’s Feature A spokesman for Apple told BuzzFeed News: ‘We recognize that many users, especially pros, rely on legacy connectors to get work done today and they face a transition. We want to help them move to the latest technology and peripherals, as well as accelerate the growth of this new ecosystem. ‘Through the end of the year, we are reducing prices on all USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 peripherals we sell, as well as the prices on Apple’s USB-C adapters and cables.’ Metro.co.uk approached Apple for comment. MoreAppleTechnology Facebook apologises for 'killing' all its users If you fall asleep with your iPhone in your bed you might want to see this Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es Shops shouldn’t open on Boxing Day and this is why Sponsored13 coolest children's toys to buy this Christmas NHS accidentally emails everyone in the NHS MORE: Apple products just got a lot more expensive because of the weak pound MORE: Apple finally lets us know what’s new with the latest Macbook MORE: Apple just leaked the big secret about the new Macbook – ahead of this week’s launch Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Shops shouldn’t open on Boxing Day and this is why Mysterious green and blue flashes appeared as New Zealand earthquake struck NHS accidentally emails everyone in the NHS Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey released from prison after 10 years Good news for world's saddest polar bear as he's removed from shopping centreMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Tech › Apple Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Donald Trump's Corporate Tax Repatriation Plan Would Benefit These 5 Companies the Most With more than $400 billion in cumulative cash stashed overseas, these U.S. multinationals would benefit greatly if Trump's corporate repatriation plan were implemented. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Nov 5, 2016 at 7:23AM Image source: Flickr user Michael Candelori.  If there's one thing that can be said about the election process in 2016, it's that it's been unique. In just a matter of days we're going to find out whether the United States will be run by the first female president ever, or the first career businessman with no prior political or military background. As the campaigns of both Hillary Clinton on the Democratic side and Donald Trump on the Republican side have pressed on, we've learned in greater detail where they stand on key issues. One of those issues that the American public has really pushed into the spotlight over the past year has been legal corporate tax shelters. Donald Trump's corporate tax repatriation plan By "legal corporate tax shelters" I mean the practice by which U.S. corporations are choosing not to repatriate profits earned in overseas markets because they would pay an exceptionally high tax rate on that income if they did. The U.S. corporate income tax rate of 35% trails only the United Arab Emirates and Chad. Because U.S. corporate income tax rates are so high relative to other developed countries, U.S. corporations now have nearly $2.5 trillion in profits stashed in overseas markets, based on a new report from Capital Economics. Comparatively, this figure has doubled since 2008, and it's up more than six-fold since 2002 when income stashed overseas accounted for less than $400 billion. Image source: Getty Images. There's seemingly little incentive for companies to repatriate this cash at up to a 35% tax rate, but a languishing U.S. economy that's struggling to grow GDP at more than 1% per quarter could certainly use a capital and reinvestment infusion. Donald Trump believes he has a plan that could fix both problems. Donald Trump, if elected, has proposed lowering the corporate income tax rate to 15% from 35% in an effort to put more money into the hands of businesses so they can hire, innovate, and expand. More importantly, he's advocated for a special corporate tax repatriation holiday rate whereby corporations with money stashed overseas would be able to pay a tax rate of just 10% on that income in order to bring it back into the United States. This cash could be a big boon to some of the largest U.S. multinational companies. Trump's tax plan would really benefit these large U.S. multinationals There are, in particular, five companies that would stand to benefit the most, since they alone account for more than a sixth of the nearly $2.5 trillion estimate in cash held overseas. Microsoft It may not be thought of as the poster child for corporate income tax avoidance, but software giant Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has nearly $110 billion in profits parked overseas. Could you imagine what would happen if it were able to repatriate this cash at a special 10% rate and was left with nearly $99 billion in cash! Image source: Microsoft. For starters, Microsoft could wipe out every cent of the nearly $76 billion it currently has in debt and wind up with more than $20 billion to spare. It could also easily pay out a $10 a share special dividend, or even better, consider increasing its annual payout by $1 per share, per year, to increase its dividend yield to more than 4%. Though its smartest move might be to use that cash as an impetus to make earnings-accretive acquisitions. Microsoft is in the process of acquiring professional social network LinkedIn for $26.2 billion, and it could certainly benefit by using its overseas cash to bolster its social and cloud-computing offerings in the coming years. General Electric The only other U.S. multinational with more than $100 billion in cash being held in overseas markets is conglomerate General Electric (NYSE:GE). If it were able to repatriate its cash under Trump's proposal, it would have a little more than $90 billion left over. Image source: General Electric. General Electric has always been an opportunistic company, which means the addition of $90 billion would likely results in substantial M&A activity. Over just the past month and change GE has acquired two 3D printing companies for $1.4 billion and wind turbine parts maker LM Wind Power for $1.65 billion. There are also rumblings on the Street that GE could take a bigger role in the oil industry and has been taking a close look at Baker Hughes. It's possible that shareholders could benefit with a dividend hike, but GE would likely look to M&A if it were to repatriate its overseas cash pile. Apple If tech giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has any issues, cash is not one of them. Following its recently released third-quarter report, Apple now has $237.6 billion in cash, albeit it also has a record $75.4 billion in debt on its balance sheet, too. Based on Capital Economics' data (which was released prior to Apple's Q3 report), Apple has $91.5 billion in cash overseas. Image source: Apple. Assuming Trump's repatriation holiday rate were to prevail, Apple would walk away with about $82 billion in cash. This would be more than enough to completely wipe out its debt. Not known as much of an acquirer, Apple could use its repatriated capital as a means to buy back more stock and increase its dividend payout to shareholders. Apple could consider getting aggressive and repurchasing up to 10% of its outstanding common stock, or it could probably even double its annual dividend, pushing its forward yield to almost 4%. Pfizer U.S. drug giant Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) also has a lot of cash tied up in overseas markets. According to Capital Economics, Pfizer has about $80 billion in cash overseas, which would leave it somewhere near $72 billion if a 10% repatriation holiday rate were enacted. Image source: Getty Images. There's a lot Pfizer could do with access to an extra $72 billion in the United States. For starters, it could consider making a serious dent in the $44 billion in debt on its balance sheet, or boost its $1.20 annual payout to push its yield well above 5%. However, the more likely scenario is Pfizer using the capital to reinvest in its organic research and development, as well as (you guessed it) more M&A. Pfizer purchased Hospira for its biosimilar and injectable drug portfolio in 2015, and in 2016 it's acquired Anacor Pharmaceuticals for its experimental non-steroidal eczema product, and Medivation for its oncology blockbuster Xtandi (which was co-developed by Astellas Pharma). Inorganic growth is a big part of Pfizer's long-term growth strategy, and its repatriated cash could be a means to that end. IBM Finally, software giant IBM (NYSE:IBM) has more than $65 billion in cash sitting in overseas markets. If Big Blue were able to repatriate its overseas cash at a special 10% rate, it would gain access to about $60 billion that could be used in the United States. Image source: IBM. It's quite likely that IBM would use at least some of its cash to boost its shareholder yield. It's no secret that IBM was late to the cloud-computing party, and it's looked to cut costs and boost shareholder yield to thank shareholders who are sticking by the tech giant's long-term business transformation. IBM could very easily repurchase 10% to 15% of its outstanding common stock, or push its yield north of 5% to appease long-term shareholders. Another possibility is IBM could buy its way to cloud-computing growth with its repatriated cash. IBM has been mostly dinking and dunking its way to inorganic growth, however a $60 billion cash infusion in the U.S. could change that strategy. It's important that readers understand these are hypothetical scenarios of what these companies could do with their overseas cash if it were repatriated; and that these scenarios are wholly dependent on both Donald Trump being elected as president, and him being able to get his corporate tax holiday rate implemented by Congress. These are some big "what if's" that should be taken into consideration when analyzing the future of any of these companies. Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. It also owns shares of General Electric, LinkedIn, and Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Nov 5, 2016 at 7:23AM Investment Planning Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) IBM NYSE:IBM $158.21 down $-3.06 (-1.90%) Pfizer NYSE:PFE $32.38 down $0.21 (-0.64%) General Electric NYSE:GE $30.51 down $0.20 (-0.65%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Read More These 7 Single-Digit P/E Stocks Could Collectively Deliver $600 Billion in Free Cash Flow by 2020 These 5 Companies Collectively Have $521 Billion in Cash and Investments 4 Bargain Stocks You Can Buy Today 3 Great Dividend Stocks for Retirees 3 Stocks the Market Loves to Hate, but You Should Love Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Is Facebook secretly building a phone? CNET 05/11/2016 Sean Hollister © Provided by CNET James Martin/CNET On a cloudy day this May, in the dull fluorescent light of a plain white Google conference room, Rafa Camargo, Richard Wooldridge and Blaise Bertrand told CNET their plan to disrupt the phone market. Ara, a Lego-like phone with modular parts, would let buyers snap on a better camera, additional batteries or any other creative hardware a developer might dream up. It was set to be the first phone entirely designed by Google, the three men claimed. Then the Ara project was abruptly shelved. But now, all three of those men work for Building 8 -- a secretive new division of Facebook. There, they've been joined by an impressive list of heavy hitters that reads like a who's who of the tech world: Motorola, Tesla, Apple and Amazon, in addition to that contingent of Google ex-pats. So what, exactly, is this superteam of designers, engineers and manufacturing experts working on? Nobody outside of Menlo Park knows for sure, but the hires -- and at least one under-the-radar acquisition -- seem to indicate two things: it's mobile, and it may be modular. Whatever it turns out to be, building hardware at this scale represents a major shift for Facebook. The company's first attempt at hardware -- a 2013 joint venture with HTC that became known as the " Facebook phone" -- was a fiasco, discounted to 99 cents mere weeks after its debut. Since then, though, the company has doubled down, first with its $2 billion purchase of VR headset maker Oculus in 2014, and now with what appears to be a far more ambitious hardware endeavor with Building 8.  What's Building 8? © Reuters Building 8 isn't an actual building; Facebook's Menlo Park offices are numbered 10 through 20. (Building 20 not pictured.) Originally, it sounded like Building 8 was a skunkworks where Facebook could prototype a whole bunch of new technologies -- like 360-degree video cameras -- and figure out the fastest way to get them into consumers' hands, usually through partnerships. That's what Facebook CTO Mike Schroepfer suggested to the The Wall Street Journal, and it's what was widely assumed when Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced he'd hired Regina Dugan to lead Building 8. Dugan is the former head of both the US Department of Defense's DARPA research arm, and Google's Advanced Technologies and Projects (ATAP) research lab. Zuckerberg suggested, in an April 2016 blog post, that Building 8 would pursue "augmented and virtual reality, artificial intelligence, connectivity and other important areas" -- which sounds pretty sciencey, to be sure. But the division's job postings and recent hires tell a slightly different story -- beginning with the Building 8 mission statement you'll find at the top of each job post. Here's the mission statement in full: Building 8 brings together world-class experts to develop and ship groundbreaking products at the intersection of hardware, software, and content. We have a clear mandate to ship products at scale. In particular, seemingly impossible products that define new categories that advance Facebook's mission of connecting the world. The B8 team will apply DARPA-style breakthrough development at the intersection of ambitious science and product development. It will operate on aggressive, fixed timelines, with extensive use of partnerships in universities, small and large businesses. Building 8 is all about shipping hardware, it seems. And could "seemingly impossible products" include an ambitious modular phone like Ara? Facebook didn't reply to a request for comment.  Phone experts wanted CNET analyzed nearly 50 Facebook job postings, past and present, and dug through dozens of employee profiles on LinkedIn to see the big picture. It soon became clear: Facebook isn't just building a lab in hopes of spinning out a few new startup companies. Instead, Facebook is hiring over a dozen different heads of what appear to be a dozen distinct departments within Building 8 -- including industrial design, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, device software, applications and services, manufacturing, supply chain and even customer service. Many of those heads of product are being asked to hire their own teams from scratch. In other words, Facebook appears to be building an organization that could conceptualize, design, produce, ship and sell hardware, and even deal with customers after the fact. (Who needs customer service and return policies for prototypes?) Only two of Facebook's new department heads are devoted to "skunkworks" and "partnerships," respectively, and few of the job postings ask for experience across the wide range of disciplines you might expect for a research lab. But many of them ask for people with mobile experience -- Android in particular. For instance, this posting for a lead electrical engineering systems architect specifically asks for experience with mobile processors, antennas and thermal design, and these two for a camera software engineer and a kernel software engineer each require five years of experience working with mobile processors and an "understanding of Android Frameworks." The heads of product software, product engineering and hardware each need experience leading teams that have brought "smart phone (Android, iOS) and/or consumer electronics" to market. There are also strong hints that the new head of software applications and services will be tasked with developing Android apps for the hardware Building 8 will make. Two other jobs specifically mention Facebook's intent to build "compelling consumer-facing products on the Android platform," and yet another hints that Facebook may sell accessories to go along with its products. Key talent According to their LinkedIn profiles, many of Building 8's recent hires reinforce the idea that Facebook is pursuing hardware in a big way: - Nathan Kelly, Building 8's new head of global supply chain, previously helped build supply chains for Sonos, Tesla, HP/Palm, Microsoft and Sony Ericsson, according to his LinkedIn profile. - Rich Heley, the new head of manufacturing, spent a decade at Apple figuring out how to mass produce aluminum enclosures for the iPhone, iPad, iPod and Mac -- all the way back to the first MacBook Pro -- then spent three years at Tesla, finishing as VP of product technology. - Furhan Zafar previously directed the supply chain for Motorola's Moto Maker -- an effort that let buyers pick different phone backs and different accent colors for their phone's buttons and grills before they shipped to customers. - Tim McCune, Building 8's new head of systems engineering, spent 17 years at Motorola and a brief stint at Apple as well. - Richard Wooldridge, the new COO of Building 8, wasn't just the logistics behind Google's modular Ara handset -- he also spent four years leading the global supply chain at Motorola, including Moto's effort to build a factory in the US for the first Moto X phone. - Rafa Camargo, Building 8's new head of product engineering, led development on Google's Ara phone, after a year and a half at Amazon's Lab126 hardware group working on the Amazon Fire Phone and 13 years at Motorola on such iconic projects as the Droid, Razr, even the StarTAC flip phone. - Viresh Rustagi, the new head of device software at Building 8, was the head of software for Google's Ara as well -- after a two-year-plus stint managing a software dev team for Amazon's Kindle Fire tablets and set-top boxes, and 12 years working on software for mobile processors at Broadcom. - Blaise Bertrand, Facebook's new head of creative, spent three years designing for Motorola and 12 at noted design firm IDEO, in addition to seven months at Google ATAP working on the Ara phone. These high-level execs are just the start. Building 8 has also snapped up a number of former Apple employees, including an executive recruiter, and is currently hiring three other recruiters and a recruiting manager to expand its collection of talent. It's also worth noting that, for now, all of these hardware efforts appear to be separate from the ones inside Facebook proper: the company already had its own VP of hardware and supply chain to help build its data centers and networking infrastructure. Oculus, the Facebook virtual-reality subsidiary, has its own separate hardware team too, plus its own research arm based in Seattle. Will Google's modular phone live on? Even if Facebook just hired four key members of the Google Ara team to lead its manufacturing and supply chain efforts, and even if it has a number of other mobile experts on the payroll, we can't say for sure they'll be working on a phone. All of Facebook's new expertise could go towards anything else that uses mobile processors, radios and the Android OS -- such as headsets, tablets, watches, smart home and other internet-of-things devices. Or something entirely new. And even if it is a phone, it isn't necessarily a modular one. Having failed to convince Google, the team may have given up on that idea. But perhaps not: In September, one month after the Ara team jumped ship, Building 8 bought a hardware startup called Nascent Objects -- which just so happened to be developing a modular consumer electronics platform, too. At the time of the acquisition, Building 8's Dugan implied that Nascent's tech would be used for fast prototyping: "Imagine designing, building and delivering a hardware product in just weeks. Instead of months, or even years," Dugan wrote on her Facebook page. "Together, we hope to create hardware at a speed that's more like software." But perhaps Dugan meant that Nascent's modular tech could help consumers build their own hardware -- the same idea behind the Ara modular phone. Back in May, in that Google conference room, the ambition behind Ara was huge. "We want to create a hardware ecosystem on the scale of the software app ecosystem," said Camargo. Wooldridge promised his team would provide hardware and technical support, and help indie hardware designers get their snap-on modules certified by federal regulatory agencies, so that even a "bedroom student" could add a new feature to their phone. Bertrand explained how fashionable it could be, and how attractive for big brands, to have decorative phone pieces that a user could change on the fly. Now, they're all together again, inside a company that -- unlike Google -- wouldn't be disrupting its own business by competing with existing Android hardware partners. (Facebook is a must-have app on more than a billion people's phones, but the company doesn't make any mobile hardware yet.) Plus, they're leading a division with access to "hundreds of millions of dollars" over the next few years, according to Zuckerberg. The ultimate pivot It's possible that Facebook's hardware ambitions never see the light of day. Consider Apple's secretive Project Titan program, which reportedly staffed up and spent millions on a self-driving car initiative that, so far, has only produced several rounds of layoffs and strategy changes. Reportedly. But it seems, at least, that Facebook is following the same path as its arch-rival, Snapchat. Until a few months ago, Snapchat's social app was its only product. But the company recently rebranded itself as a camera company and surprised the world with Spectacles, a Snapchat-specific hardware product it had developed in secret (after stealthily hiring its own group of wearable tech experts). Facebook has a bigger user base than Snapchat, more money and more hardware experts. If the company unveils its own phone -- or mobile accessory -- in the next year or two, it wouldn't be too surprising. Disclosure: Sean's wife works for Facebook as a business-to-business video project coordinator. If you can speak anonymously about Facebook's Building 8 projects, please contact me at sean.hollister@cbsinteractive.com. Go to MSN Home More in News Briton will be extradited to US over hacking charges Sky News Farage: Marine Le Pen has done a good job Huffington Post UK Trial hears Jo Cox was murdered 'by gunman repeating "Britain First"' The Guardian Mosul: Snipers, car bombs and trapped families Sky News Nazi memorabilia on offer at school car boot sale The Guardian Hero dog saves boy stuck in tumbler Press Association Up Next MiG-29 fighter jet crashes into sea Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from CNET New MacBook Pro: Should you upgrade? CNET 2016 Lexus GS F: A high-performance luxury track star CNET Surface Studio all-in-one has the thinnest LCD ever made, plus a new Dial gadget CNET Note 7 fallout: Stick with Samsung, get $100 CNET CNET View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  How To  |  Tips Tricks  | Find out How to Create Chat Bots with little or no Clue about Coding Find out How to Create Chat Bots with little or no Clue about Coding Want to build a Chat Bot but don’t know how to code? Try this tool By: Rohit Arora Updated: Saturday, November 5, 2016, 15:33 [IST] Artificial Intelligence and Chat Bots are considered to be the next big thing. These two technologies are supposed to provide support or sometimes control everything around us, be it cars, lights, TVs, mobile apps, services, and other electronic devices. And we are not talking about distant future, it's already happening around us. Big names like Google, Apple, Facebook, etc. are implementing them in their new products, for instance- the latest Google Pixel handsets are backed by AI tool Google Assistant, Apple Siri is already quite popular and Facebook is also using chat bots in its Messenger app. SEE ALSO: Reliance Jio's Quest for Better and Smarter Smartphone Experience: 5 Promising Things to Know The day is not far when everyone will have a personal bot offering its services to manage their entire digital life and make things much easier for them. Having said that, there's a great demand for young minds who can think out of the box and create bots to execute digital tasks seamlessly. This is where Gupshup, a cross-channel bot platform offers its services. SEE ALSO: Here are 5 Tricks To Get Better Google Search Results The company claims that it used by over 30,000 developers building services that process over 4 billion messages per month and over 150 billion cumulative. The platform has recently unveiled two bot building tools to create chatbots on its platform, a 'Flow Bot Builder' and a 'Template Bot Builder' using which even non coders can build chat bots. Let's find out how it works. Create Bots with drag and drop The talking point of the new platform is that it doesn't ask for coding skills. Users can use the simple drag-and-drop tools and pre-selected menus to create bots. Flow Bot Builder As per company, the Flow Bot builder makes the process entirely code free. Using a graphical, easy-to-use, web-based interface, users simply design the conversational flow for the bot. The company has also cited an example, where a business analyst can quickly define the navigation flow with a series of menu choices. Flow Bot Builder makes it simple to create a variety of engaging chat bots, from informative to entertaining, without entering a single line of code. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Template Bot Builder Talking about the Template Bot Builder, the company says that it gives entrepreneurs and small business owners the ability to capitalize on the exponential growth of chatbots using pre-defined templates. These templates are fully customizable to fit their audience and brand. For example, a restaurant owner can use a pre-defined bot template that already has food browsing and ordering functionality coded in it. Serves the need of SMBs and individual coders The new tool combines the company's existing IDE Bot Builder (a tool for technical developers) to cater the needs of everyone from enterprises and small- to medium-sized businesses (SMBs) to individual bot fans across the globe. We believe this platform can come handy for young minds and SME's who wants to create something new but often find themselves handicapped when it comes to building bots. These tools can help them create new bots, which have become quite crucial for online ventures in India and world. Let us know about your views regarding this new platform in the comments. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals LYF Water 11 Sony Xperia XZ Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Lyf Lyf Water 11 16gb White Gold 7,399 Gallery   |   10 Photos Sony Xperia XZ +See All Read More About android | iOS | smartphones | chat | news Story first published: Saturday, November 5, 2016, 15:30 [IST] Other articles published on Nov 5, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Reliance Jio SIM Common Problems: How to Escalate Complaints 11-year old Pune girl wins 'Doodle 4 Google' contest Remember the Rs. 501 Priced ChampOne C1 Smartphone? It’s Up for First Flash Sale on November 18!  Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Apple rumoured to unveil curved, bezel-free iPhones next year Smartphone app helps early detection of autism Wearable device can reduce fat, treat type 2 diabetes Bingo Technologies Unveils VR Glass G-200 with Wi-Fi & 3D at Rs. 5,999 How to Block Annoying Ads in Facebook Messenger OnePlus 4 Rumor Roundup: Dual Rear Camera, 8GB RAM, and Much More 5 Advantages of Using Paytm While Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Notes Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Ban: Finally, Good News for Smartphone Buyers How Social Media Can Help in Finding Working ATMs [5 Possible Ways] Reliance Jio MNP: Terms and Conditions You Should Know Before Porting Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KL Panasonic P71 Hyve Pryme Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FPIntex Aqua Raze 2LYF Wind 4SMicromax X781Intex Aqua S2 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Full Site Menu Forget the start-up garage myth. We need golden triangles and super clusters 10 days ago / World Economic Forum LONDON - One of the most powerful myths surrounding technology entrepreneurs is that of their journeys beginning in a humble garage. The founders of Amazon, Apple, Dell, Disney, Google and Microsoft have all made this claim. Hewlett Packard really does have roots in a garage – at 367 Addison Avenue, Palo Alto. HP’s first product, the HP200A audio oscillator, was manufactured there in 1939 and used to test sound equipment. Yet, like many other entrepreneurial stories, its origins actually lay in a research university. This early hit for HP – eight were sold to Disney for its production of Fantasia – did not just magically emerge from the imagination of Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard working in the latter’s Stanford garage. It can be traced back to Hewlett’s Master’s thesis at Stanford University, where he enjoyed access to cutting-edge technology, fellow enthusiasts and the guidance of legendary electrical engineer Fred Terman, one of the entrepreneurs’ lecturers. If you visit 367 Addison Avenue, a plaque marking the “birthplace of Silicon Valley” will greet you - denoting the origin of the greatest tech cluster of them all. And it is clusters, not garages, that accelerate innovation. It is clusters that bring together start-ups, established corporates, specialist and aligned businesses, and, very importantly, research-intensive universities. Steve Wozniak disavows the garage myth around Apple – perhaps a product of his co-founder Steve Jobs’ “reality distortion field”. The Homebrew Computer Club connected Jobs and Wozniak to a network of fellow enthusiasts – many with access to university computing and engineering facilities. Jobs’ course in calligraphy at Reed College inspired him to build Apple’s personal computers with beautiful typefaces and design. Time and again it is access to the brains, equipment and collaborative environment of research universities that spurs on great innovations and high-growth companies. This is seen in most of the high-growth vibrant technology clusters around the world. New York’s cluster of fast moving firms, including Buzzfeed, Foursquare and Tumblr, working at the interface of technology and media, are sucking in talent and taking advantage of collaboration with the city’s universities. In Bangalore, where the International Institute of Information Technology cultivates brilliant computer scientists, specialist firms in high tech services and outsourcing, such as InfoSys and Wipro, are clustering and growing fast. The same dynamic is at work in cities such as Berlin and Tel Aviv, and it is especially apparent in London. Such is the intensity of world-class universities, tech-savvy consumers, start-ups, availability of finance and culture, that London can more fairly be described as a ‘supercluster’, or cluster of clusters. These intense concentrations of innovation in and around universities are forging ahead in artificial intelligence, fintech, medtech, life sciences, design and fashion. Whatever the consequences for Britain post-Brexit, London is likely to continue to be a magnet for entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs and tech-savvy consumers cluster in London In AI, bright young entrepreneurs such as Rob Bishop and Zehan Wang, who met as students at Imperial College London, found the community, mentorship and resources that connect academia and business. Their machine learning visual processing firm Magic Pony was recently sold to Twitter for $150 million. Bishop and Wang plan to stay in London to help develop Twitter’s global AI R&D centre. Their success came soon after Microsoft bought another London AI spinout, Swiftkey, for $250 million. The AI clusters emerging around universities in London, Oxford and Cambridge are connecting in what is being called the ‘golden triangle’. Amazon, Apple and Google have invested hundreds of millions in Cambridge and Oxford AI startups such as Evi, Vocal IQ and Deepmind.One lab, 75 companies Universities, historically the quiet heart of clusters, are playing a more active and assertive role. Harvard’s innovation lab has helped more than 75 companies get off the ground since 2011. Imperial Incubator has seen scores of spin-outs connected to Imperial College agglomerate and grow on campus. In less than a decade – from the basement rather than a garage of an academic building – Imperial Incubator firms have attracted more than $1 billion in investment. Major corporations are developing their ability to replicate and engage with the collaborative innovation of universities. In the UK, the drug company, GSK, and telecoms company, BT, are creating their own clusters, encouraging universities to engage with them. Since its 2014 launch, Microsoft Garage – there’s the word again – allows its staff to work with academic-like freedom on projects unrelated to their core roles. Staffers and student interns collaborate across the 114,000-strong workforce. Failure is encouraged, but so is rapid adoption of new features and ideas that come out of the Garage. Vastly different areas of expertise mix, just like at the best universities. Ambitious projects are nurtured. As the Microsoft Garage motto commands, “Do epic s—t”, expressing the same sentiment, if not the exact language, of great universities. Successful technology businesses can be fantastic myth-makers. Many have stories of questionable veracity, typically involving that perennial of start-up lore: the modest garage. In reality, however, their ideas frequently originate in university laboratories and lecture rooms. Those ideas turn into innovations in clusters, within which universities play vital roles, including the provision of spaces and facilities for start-ups. Written by Mark Dodgson of University of Queensland Business School & David Gann Vice President of Imperial College. This piece was first published by the World Economic Forum. Popular Topics Pete Burns dies Related Articles 1 Why is the Earth's core younger than its surface? 2 OPINION: Is power becoming more female? 3 Did the world get one step closer to curing Aids? 4 Globalisation backlash in Europe a surprise 5 What is a ‘state of emergency’? Sign up for our newsletter Follow us on Twitter @ewnreporter @ewnsport @ewnupdates @ewntraffic Join us on Facebook Menu T&Cs Contact Full site © Copyright 2014. All Rights Reserved
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu THINK OUTSIDE THE MAC If you don’t want to get the new MacBook Pro, consider these Windows laptops instead Written by Mike Murphy November 05, 2016 What else is there? (Apple) Share Written by Mike Murphy November 05, 2016 Perhaps it was the lack of ports that did it for you. Or maybe it was the removal of the MagSafe power connector. Or maybe it was the weird mini-touchscreen that replaced the function keys for an extra $300. Or maybe you just think Apple is boring now. Whatever the reason, it seems that the new MacBook Pro, announced last week, has been somewhat underwhelming critics and prospective buyers. While the computers are as well-built as any Apple product in recent memory, they seem to be needlessly minimalistic and expensive, removing all the ports, bar four USB-C ports that don’t connect to any legacy Apple products, or even the company’s newest smartphones without buying more cables. They also feature a thin touchscreen that is likely frustrating to use if you’re blind, and last year’s processors. If any of these factors are causing you to reconsider your relationship with Apple’s laptops, this guide is for you. Quartz has complied a list of Windows laptops to consider, as well as Windows programs, to replace the MacBook-shaped hole in your life. Windows laptops There was a time when Apple was really the only company that seemed to be able to pull off well-designed laptops. But in recent years, some of the largest Windows computer manufacturers have shown that they too can produce some great designs, and Windows 10, Microsoft’s latest operating system, is actually not terrible. Here’s a few computers that longtime Mac users may want to consider over the new MacBook Pro: Ones that look like MacBooks ASUS ZenBook (ASUS) The ASUS line of laptops have been getting decent reviews, and the UX303UA model looks like a slightly more angular MacBook Pro. For $900, you get a 13-inch machine with the same basic specs as the new MacBook Pros (an Intel Core i5 processor and a 256 GB solid-state hard drive) as well as decent battery life and a touchscreen. And it comes in rose gold. The UX390UA model, which ASUS is also calling the ZenBook 3, happens to look just like a MacBook, as well, except that it comes in a nifty shade of blue: (ASUS) HP EliteBook Folio. From a distance, it would be very easy to mistake this for a MacBook, were it not for the rather large HP logo just below the screen. The Verge called it a “beautifully designed laptop” (although gave it an underwhelming 6/10 review). For $1,000, you get a 128 GB solid-state hard drive and 8 GB of RAM, but you also get a touchscreen that folds down 180 degrees (for some reason), a biometric infrared eye scanner (like the one in the exploding Samsung Note 7), and a computer that is apparently drop- and dust-proof. HP Envy 13 (HP) CNET said HP’s other MacBook clone was one of computers that ushered in an era where “quality became affordable” in Windows computers. This $850 machine has the same basic specs as the EliteBook Folio, without the touchscreen. HP Spectre (HP) HP’s super-thin flagship laptop, which the company says was built with “artisan materials and striking craftsmanship,” looks rather like a MacBook designed in the 1980s: Replace the silver for black and gold, and you get the Spectre. The computer has a 13.3-inch touchscreen, a battery that can last all day, 8 GB of memory, a 256 GB solid-state hard drive, and will set you back about $1,200. Microsoft Surface Book Microsoft’s first homemade laptop got a specs refresh just last week and is definitely a different machine from the MacBook Pro, even if it looks quite similar. It features a zany bendy hinge, a detachable touchscreen, and works with a stylus so you can draw circles on the screen to your heart’s content. For $1,500, you get the pen, 8 GB of memory, and a 128 GB hard drive. There are lots of upgrade options, all the way up to a $3,200 machine with a 1 TB hard drive and 16 GB of memory, if that’s something you feel you need. Ones that look like something different Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (Lenovo) Lenovo’s ThinkPad design, which dates back to when IBM still produced these laptops, has been around for decades. But this machine features a high-resolution 14-inch touchscreen that folds back to turn it into a tablet. It also has a fingerprint reader, and iffy battery life, according to The Verge. For $1,400, you get a 128 GB hard drive, 8 GB of memory, and that weird little red nub mouse thing that’s been on every ThinkPad computer ever. Lenovo Yoga 900 (Lenovo) Much like the other Lenovo Yoga on this list, this thin touchscreen laptop can contort itself into a tablet setup, but this one comes in a striking shade of bright orange, and doesn’t have the weird nubby mouse. For $1,150, you get a 13.3-inch screen, 8 GB of memory, and a 256 GB hard drive. (There’s also a newer 910 model that costs about $200 more for roughly the same specs and does not come in the same shade of orange, sadly.) Dell XPS 13 (Dell) Many publications, including The Verge, Wirecutter, and PC World, have called Dell’s laptop the “best” Windows computer out there. The screen is wonderfully sharp, and almost seems to bleed onto the edges of the device, as there’s almost no bezel around it. The body is a combination of aluminum and carbon fiber, and would not look out of place in a Christopher Nolan Batman film. The XPS 13 starts at a measly $800, and for that you get Intel’s newest processors, 4 GB of memory and 128 GB of storage. For $1,150, you can get the specs to match the MacBook Pro. Dude, you might be getting a Dell. Razer Blade Stealth (Razer) Gaming-computer company Razer has made some impressive laptops in recent years that are powerful enough to play some of the most processor-heavy video games on the market—something Apple has never striven to do. The Blade Stealth kind of looks like a metal version of the old plastic MacBooks, and for $1,600, you get the newest Intel chips, a 4K touchscreen, 512 GB of storage, and a whole bunch of ports. But you’d also be supporting a company that has recently made some very questionable marketing decisions. Replacements for Apple apps One of macOS’s main selling points over the years has been the suite of (relatively) simple-to-use and often free software that comes bundled with Mac computers. There aren’t direct correlations on Windows, but here are a few programs that could replicate some of the most-used Apple apps: iTunes. There aren’t a whole lot of decent music management programs out there in 2016 (and even iTunes isn’t all that great), but you can use iTunes on Windows machines if you’re sticking with your iPhone. If, however, you want a clean break from Apple, Google’s music management service, Google Play Music, is pretty great. Follow these instructions, and Google’s music manager will trawl through your computer and upload all the music on your hard drive for free, up to 50,000 songs. There’s also always Windows Media Player, but that’s never really been a great choice. Photos. Windows comes with a built-in ability to manage photos, but if you want something a bit more powerful, you can subscribe to Adobe Lightroom for $10 per month. Otherwise, again, Google offers a powerful free solution, called Google Photos. There are Android and iOS apps, as well as a website that lets you upload and catalogue every photo you’ve ever taken, and search them using regular words. You can search for your photos of “cats” or “taxi” or “food” or “France,” and it’ll find all the photos that fit that description using AI. Google Photos also allows users to upload an unlimited number of photos and videos in HD, though not the full resolution of the photo. Yahoo’s Flickr offers a similar service, with 1 TB of photo-storing space for free. iWork (Pages, Numbers, Keynote). This one should be pretty easy to replace: For office productivity software, the unsurprising choice is Microsoft Office. You can buy a home edition online for about $120, or subscribe to Office 365 for about $70 per year, which gives you access to your documents in the cloud (with 1 TB of storage), and auto-updating desktop apps. There are also far cheaper options out there, such as Google Docs, whose web apps work about 90% as well as their Microsoft or Apple counterparts. GarageBand. This is one small area where the Mac ecosystem really shines, as there aren’t many great inexpensive replacements on Windows. You could get an emulator to try to run the Mac program on a Windows computer, but I wouldn’t recommend that. If you’re just looking for a simple voice recording tool, there are options like Audacity, which works exceedingly well for what it does. For more complex projects, there’s the open-source LMMS, which is maintained by a group of engineers for free. Stagelight 3, which looks very similar to GarageBand, costs $10 for the basic software, or $50 for the full package. There’s also more professional software like Abelton Live, which ranges from $100 to over $700. iMovie. Similar to Garageband, there aren’t any direct correlations between Windows and Mac for hobbyist movie-makers. Microsoft does make a program called Movie Maker that is not wholly unlike iMovie, but a version for Windows 10 hasn’t officially been released yet. There are free options like avidemux and the VSDC video editor. If you want something with the utility of iMovie, you’re likely going to have to pay for software like Adobe Premiere, which you can purchase as part of a $20-a-month or $50-a-month subscription bundle from Adobe. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Analyst Says iPhone 7 Demand Has Peaked Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Samsung Acquires Harman for $8 Billion Apple SVP Phil Schiller Says Multi-Touch on an iMac 'Becomes Absurd' Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 3 [Download] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Review Roundup [Video] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta 3 to Developers [Download] Microsoft Announces Visual Studio for Mac Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers With TV App[Download] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Shipping Gold Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 Costs Over $3000 [Photo] Google Play Music is Now Smarter, Easier to Use, More Assistive Apple AirPods to Enter Production in December? Apple to Release 5-inch and 5.8-inch iPhone With Bezel-Less Design, Curved Edges? Apple to Release Three New iPad Pros in March Including 10.9-inch Bezel-Free Model? 51 New Emoji Proposed for Unicode 10 1Password Gets Touch Bar and Touch ID Support on the New MacBook Pro YouTube App Gets New Dream Filter, Improved Search, More Tim Cook: Proud to Work Alongside Veterans at Apple [Photo] Apple Releases New iBooks StoryTime App for Apple TV Apple Not Expected to Launch Upgraded iPhone SE in 2Q17 LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted November 5, 2016 at 7:51am by iClarified · 7547 views · Translate Apple is not expected to launch an upgraded iPhone SE in 2Q17, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. The analyst also expects sales to drop for the second consecutive year. Slowing sales are being attributed to weak demand in China, slow shipment volume of 4.7” iPhones in 1Q17, and the lack of a new iPhone SE in 2Q17. 1. We are conservative about the sell-through of the 4.7” iPhone and Apple’s market share in China. As such, we estimate 1Q17 iPhone shipment volume of 40-50mn units, lower than the 51.2mn units in 1Q16. 2. Shipment volume in 2Q16 came in higher than expected thanks to upbeat demand for the iPhone SE. However, in order to keep gross margin at a high level and to avoid cannibalization of high-end models, we do not expect Apple to launch an upgraded iPhone SE in 2Q17. Without contribution from a new model, we forecast total iPhone shipment volume will reach 35-40mn units and fall YoY in 2Q17, lower than the 40.4mn units in 2Q16. Apple will reportedly put the squeeze on suppliers to maintain margins. 1. For those with weak bargaining power, such as FPCB and panel-related makers, the price cut is inevitable given fierce competition due to numerous suppliers and generally low capacity utilization in 1H17. We note that most iPhone suppliers fall into this category. 2. However, a select few suppliers that have stronger bargaining power with Apple may even be able to raise prices. Take Samsung (KR) for example, the company is the main supplier of 3GB DRAM and 3D NAND flash. As DRAM and NAND flash will likely remain in short supply in 1Q17F, we believe Samsung is unlikely to surrender to the pressure, and may even raise its product prices. 3. TSMC (2330 TT, NT$184.5, N) is one of very few suppliers that won’t be affected by Apple’s pricing pressure as its production capacity was pre-booked. It would be very costly if Apple was to switch to a new supplier. Let us know if you were waiting for a new 4-inch iPhone. Do you think Apple should update the iPhone SE? Read More Follow iClarified Comments (25) Add Comment paulMOGG - November 6, 2016 at 10:03pm I love my SE IPHONE all we need next year is software updates then a really meaning full new Iphone SE updated model in late 2017 /2018 Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Anyhow - November 6, 2016 at 8:55pm Apple not expected to do anything sensible anytime soon anyway... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam AppleRealist - November 6, 2016 at 6:38pm I'm not buying a new iPhone until I can get a small phone (5/SE sized) phone w/ 128 GB. I'm holding on to my 4s until It dies or I can buy that SE. I just flat don't want a huge phone, so my next phone may *have* to be Android... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Trump Supporter - November 6, 2016 at 4:09pm Trump will approve of upgraded SE. Vote Trump !!! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam paulMOGG - November 6, 2016 at 9:57pm trump support Ee :- Don't be silly this comment has no relevance your on the wrong site ! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 20 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Prep Football: Silverado wraps up Desert Sky League title as Taylor sets record Friday Nov 4, 2016 at 12:01 AM Nov 5, 2016 at 12:34 AM Jacob Sundstrom Staff Writer @DPSundstrom APPLE VALLEY — Silverado entered its final regular season game with a chance to grab sole possession of the Desert Sky League title. Levi Taylor quickly turned it into a coronation. The Hawks routed Granite Hills 61-12 on Friday to win their eighth game in a row and snatch back the DSL title after winning it last in 2014, when Taylor’s brother, Sam, played quarterback. So it’s fitting that Levi matched another one of his brother’s accomplishments by throwing for seven touchdowns to tie the school record. He also ran for a touchdown. Taylor also set the school record for passing yards with 423. That surpasses the 413 yard mark set by Jeff Perry. All in all it was a big night for the Silverado offense as the Hawks amassed 649 total yards against the Cougars. They led 48-6 at halftime and forced a running clock at the start of the fourth quarter. That follows a trend the Hawks have been riding all season long. Silverado lost its first two games to Apple Valley and Serrano, then got its offense together after switching Dionzae Nolan to running back. “The defense will switch themselves according to how you’re going to play offense that game,” said Taylor. “If you’re one dimensional and only passing the ball they’re just going to run cover four the whole game and there’s nothing you can do against that. The running game definitely set up the passing game. It all goes hand in hand.” Before the season began, Silverado head coach Rafael Ginorio saw the potential in this group to do something special. It was just a matter of how quickly the Hawks grew up. As it turns out, pretty quickly. “Our offense just clicked,” said Ginorio. “We’ve gotten better every week and that’s really what we’ve been preaching and so far that’s what’s been happening. Going into the playoffs we’ve got a lot of momentum and we’re excited. And we feel like we’ve got a lot more to go.” Taylor and his teammates haven’t been shy about bringing up the playoffs all season in the locker room. “We’re ecstatic, everybody’s excited,” said Taylor. “Every week we count down the weeks until the state championship. That’s why you hear us in there chanting ‘six weeks.’ ” Given the wave Silverado rode to a DSL championship, a deep run in Division 9 isn’t out of the question. The Hawks will open up the postseason at Hawk Stadium on Nov. 11. They’ll find out their opponent when playoff draws are released Sunday morning. Granite Hills finishes 1-9 in Alex Gonzalez’s second season at the helm, but the young coach likes the direction his team is headed. “I thought we made tremendous progress. It’s just terrible that it ended this way because we’ve been in so many of our games where as last year it was like this every week,” said Gonzalez. “I think it was great to see us competitive in so many games.” Granite Hills quarterback Austin Shriver threw for 180 yards and a pair of touchdowns. The Cougars scored on their second drive of the game to cut Silverado’s lead to 7-6 but never got closer than that. They eventually scored their second touchdown in the fourth quarter with the game well out of reach. Both Trevon Clark and Daniel Dexter had big receiving games for the Hawks. Clark caught five passes for 146 yards and a touchdown while Dexter pulled in five catches, four of which went for TDs, for 156 yards. Silverado 7 41 13 0 — 61 Granite Hills 6 0 0 6 — 12 First Quarter S — Dexter 55 pass from Taylor (Clark kick) G — Allen 1 pass from Shriver (kick failed) Second Quarter S — Taylor 1 run (kick failed) S — Dexter 7 pass from Taylor (Clark kick) S — Dexter 14 pass from Taylor (Clark kick) S — Lankster 50 pass from Taylor (Clark kick) S — Clark 74 pass from Taylor (Clark kick) S — Hall 2 pass from Taylor (Clark kick) Third Quarter S — Dexter 45 pass from Taylor (Clark kick) S — Ginorio 24 run (kick failed) Fourth Quarter G — Glass 24 pass from Shriver (pass failed) Jacob Sundstrom can be reached at 760-951-6274 and jsundstrom@vvdailypress.com. You can follow him on Twitter @DPSundstrom. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Sports Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Athenry gets ready to march in support of Apple Locals attempt to reassure company in face of legal objections to €850m data centre Sat, Nov 5, 2016, 05:50 Some locals fear Apple may lose patience and pull the plug. Photograph: Bode Marks/EPA         Apple will on Monday launch its attempt to speed up a High Court bid by three objectors to block or delay its proposed €850 million data centre near Athenry in Co Galway. Local residents and business owners will not be represented at the court hearing. Many of them will have their say in public tomorrow, however, with a planned march through the centre of the town in support of Apple. The two local and one not-so-local objectors are trying to block Apple’s planning permission on environmental grounds, as the law permits them to do. Many residents of Athenry, however, are desperate for the jobs and investment. They also understandably covet the prestige that comes with a project funded by the world’s most famous company in their struggling town. Locals will congregate shortly before midday in the church car park on Sunday, marching into the town centre. The Athenry for Apple support group insists that most of the town is behind the project. If the group is correct, then there will surely be a large turnout. No matter how many show up, the march will have no influence over the High Court, as it assesses whether to subject the Apple project to a full judicial review. A large turnout would, however, send a clear message to Apple that the town remains largely behind the company’s plan. Some locals fear Apple may lose patience and pull the plug. At this stage, this seems unlikely, as the company appears to be fully prepared for a six month delay, provided it can get the matter moved to the fast-track Commercial Court. Feelings are running high in the town, and local politicians including Fine Gael TD Ciaran Cannon have tried to calm things, while maintaining suppport for Apple. The objectors are fully entitled to utilise all legal avenues available. ADVERTISEMENT The dispute, however proper, draws attention to the frequent difficulties and delays many companies experience getting large infrastructural projects over the line in Ireland. If Apple is vanquished, it will be a source of major embarrassment for the Government, and for Athenry.       Topics: Cantillon Ciaran Cannon High Court Apple Athenry AboutCantillon A man with a profound understanding of how money is made and lost, Kerry-born economist Richard Cantillon (1680s-1734) is a fitting namesake for this long-running column. Since 2009, Cantillon delivers succinct business comment on the stories behind the news. Read the articles Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Cantillon Our take - your business Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways Cantillon: Irish pension savers cautiously watch bond markets Trump success has sparked major sell-off in bonds Part of Dublin Airport could go private Market volatility lies ahead if Trump makes his bold moves ADVERTISEMENT Get an email each morning from the Irish Times business desk briefing you on significant business news. Find out what has happened and what is going to happen during the day ahead. Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up I would also like to receive occasional update emails from The Irish Times Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 15/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Whoa! Apple has 106% of smartphone industry profits? Whoa! Apple has 106% of smartphone industry profits? As per BMO Capital Markets analyst Tim Long, Apple accounted for 103.6 per cent of all smartphone profits in Q3 By: Tech Desk | Published:November 5, 2016 12:01 pm Apple accounted for 103.6 per cent of all smartphone industry operating profits in Q3. (Source: Reuters) While there is a lot of talk about how Apple’s momentum is slowing down, there seems to be one area where it is way ahead of the competition and that is profits. In fact, one analyst thinks Apple has more than 100 per cent of smartphone industry profits in Q3. As per BMO Capital Markets analyst Tim Long, Apple accounted for 103.6 per cent of all smartphone industry operating profits in Q3. The number is above cent per cent because other vendors are losing money. Thus Apple ends up with “more smartphone profit than the industry netted overall”. For the year-earlier period, Apple grabbed 90 per cent of smartphone profits, Long said, highlighting how others had fallen of the cliff when it came to profits. In fact, the number 2 in profits is Korean tech giant Samsung with a mere 0.9 per cent share. Long said everyone from LG to HTC had lost money in the quarter. The analyst was of the opinion that Samsung, which had lost some market share because of the Note 7 fiasco, will end up ceding more ground to Apple in the near future. However, according to BMO estimates, Samsung still had 21.7 per cent of the smartphone market based on units sold in Q3, followed by Apple (13.2 per cent) and Huawei (9.7 per cent). Apple launched the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus in September this year at a crucial time for the company when its overall revenue has fallen thanks to slowing iPhone sales, which has become the star product in its portfolio. However, most analysts expect the iPhone 8 to come with major design changes and spark better upgrade than the 7 series. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaChill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them IndiaKadak like my chai, rich don’t like it: PM Modi on demonetisation IndiaNo regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu IndiaPakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC IndiaPanama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show EntertainmentITA Awards 2016: Mouni Roy, Shabbir Ahluwalia emerge big winners, see pics, video EntertainmentSalman Khan is spoiling nephew Ahil and Arpita Khan Sharma has proof, see pics Must Read SportsIndia vs England: Slow to adopt, now learning on the job SportsBCCI gets Lodha approval to pay Rajasthan players SportsRanji Trophy 2016: More brain than brawn TechnologyDemonetisation: Now, a tool to find ATMs with money across India TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8 model numbers leaked TechnologyDemonetisation effect: Here's how to sign-up for Paytm, Mobikwik and use the e-wallets  Guru Nanak Jayanti 2016: India celebrates Gurpurab with great fanfare Nov 15: Latest News Punjabis react to Trump’s decision to deport illegal immigrants: ‘May affect economy, hit unscrupulous travel agents’ Securities and Exchange Commission Chair leaving at end of Obama administration INLD hits out at Congress, BJP for ‘doublespeak’ Punjab, Haryana should resolve SYL issue amicably: BJP union minister Narendra Singh Tomar Ahead of special session, Speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal yet to accept Cong MLAs’ resignation                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Gigastone Urges Customers to Be on the Lookout for Fake Products and Confirms Its Entire Range of iOS Flash Drives Are Apple MFi Approved LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Gigastone, the Leading Global Mobile Technology Accessory Brand announced today; that in light of the recent torrent of press, relating to Apple claims regarding counterfeit Apple products, it feels it is important to reiterate that its entire range of iOS Flash Drive and Flash Drive Reader products, are Apple MFi Approved. Gigastone wants to assist customers with strategies to prevent purchasing fake substandard products.     Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161104/436491 Gigastone Micro SD Flash Memory In much the same way customers are being duped into purchasing Apple products that are not the real thing, many other leading brands are suffering the same fate. For example, those same customers are being duped into believing that certain products that bear the MFi logo and appear to be Apple approved, are in actual fact cheap reproductions. Apple has a stringent program whereby manufacturers of Apple mobile technology accessories, can submit their products and receive the coveted “Made for iDevices,” MFi approval. The process maintains that certified Apple accessories bearing the MFi mark, meet the high standards required to be associated with the high quality authentic Apple products.    Harold Katz, Gigastone Chief Marketing Officer commented, “Many mobile technology accessories available online, claiming to be MFi approved, are not and don’t meet the exacting standards required for MFi approval.” He went on to elaborate, “Companies like Gigastone expend huge effort, ensuring that its products are of a high quality and meet and exceed industry standards. Maintaining these standards can make it more difficult for quality conscious suppliers, like Gigastone, to effectively compete in some situations. The end result is that the real loser is the customer, who is left with a substandard product that many times does not work.” Gigastone urges all customers to take the time to investigate the authenticity of products prior to their purchases;  Visit the suppliers site to ensure that the product in question exists. Ask the supplier for referral to authorized vendors.   Google the product and review the results for signs of questionable suppliers. Search product reviews for customers that have suffered at the hands of dubious suppliers. If the price of the same product varies greatly when searching on Google Shopping, it is more likely that the cheaper products may be fake. Be aware that large Online Retailers list both their own product lines as well as 3rd party vendor products, not necessarily authenticated by the site being visited. Ask the seller if the product is authentic and if the approval marks it bears are genuine.    This is a global issue across all product lines and Gigastone urges customers to make a stand, in an effort to ensure that products offered by suppliers are authentic.   Gigastone distributes a full range of memory products as well as mobile technology accessories, including the Gigastone iOS Flash Drives. The iFlashdrives come in a number of configurations to meet the needs of the Apple iPhone and iPad users. The Gigastone iFlashDrive software allows users to:   Backup iPhone data from your device to the external memory of the Gigastone iPhone Flash Drives. Backup can be done automatically. (Photos/Contacts/Calendar) iCloud, Google Drive, Dropbox and Facebook Album data can be moved to the external Gigastone IOs Flash Drive.    The data is secured by Touch ID Security and/or Encryption. All photos, movies and data is accessible from the iPhone or iPad without having to move the data from the external iOS Flash Drive to a iDevice. The Gigastone iOS Flash Drives have both Lightning and USB adapters or removable MicroSD cards, so backed up data can easily be moved to any computer without the need for the iDevice. Data can also be copied from a computer to the iOS Flash Drive and accessed from an iPhone or iPad.  The full Gigastone i-FlashDrive range can be viewed on the Gigastone Web Site.   About Gigastone Gigastone is the leading global mobile accessory brand, specializing in state-of-the-art, high-end mobile peripherals and technology. For two decades, Gigastone has been distributing technology to all the major big-box and Electronic Commerce stores. Gigastone has leveraged its engineering, manufacturing and quality control skills to drive world-class production and deliver quality products. A uniquely positioned company, poised to continue to grow and maintain its leadership in the fast paced consumer electronics space. Gigastone currently has eight major offices around the globe; USA, Canada, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, France, Brazil and China, with distributors in Asia, the Americas, and Europe. Notable distributors include Walmart, Costco, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, Guo Mei, JD.com, E-Mart and The Source. Gigastone continues to launch world-class mobile peripherals, constantly diversifying its product range to meet consumer demand. Customer focus is the key to ongoing Gigastone global success.   Related Images image1.png    image2.png    image3.png    image4.png Related Links BBC – Apple complains Amazon’s US site is selling fake products     Los Angeles Times – Many ‘genuine’ Apple products on Amazon are dangerous fakes, Apple says Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RFLmZ5920c This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 5, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for November 5: First Engineering College Next Next post: Oracle Completes Tender Offer for Acquisition of NetSuite Search for: Search Recent Posts Kamal R. Woods, MD, FAANS, is recognized by Continental Who's Who Carol Yeh-Garner is recognized by Continental Who's Who Kathy T. Eichlin is recognized by Continental Who's Who Vishay Intertechnology Declares Quarterly Dividend Hunt Mortgage Group Refinances Three Multifamily Properties in Washington State Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close iPhone SE Unlikely to Receive Refresh in Early 2017 Friday November 4, 2016 10:25 pm PDT by Husain Sumra Apple will not refresh the iPhone SE in the first half of 2017, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. The lack of refresh comes as Apple attempts to maintain high margins on its high-end iPhone models, Kuo said in a new research note. Kuo forecasts that total shipment volume of iPhones will decline in the first half of 2017 due to tepid demand in China, slow shipment volume of 4.7-inch iPhones and the lack of an iPhone SE refresh in the second quarter of the year. Kuo argues that shipment volume came in higher in the first half of 2016 due to "upbeat demand for the iPhone SE." Instead, Kuo believes Apple will exert pressure on its iPhone component makers to drop prices in an effort to maintain its margins. He expects suppliers to begin price reductions on components in either November or December of this year. However, Kuo notes that not all suppliers will cut prices. Most iPhone component makers, like those that make the device's panels, have weak bargaining positions with Apple due to fierce competition amongst suppliers. Some suppliers, like Samsung, are the main supplier of certain components for iPhones and have stronger bargaining positions than Apple. Kuo believes Samsung may even raise its prices. And finally, Kuo says there are a few suppliers like TSMC that are unlikely to be affected by Apple's attempt to maintain its margins. Overall, Kuo forecasts that iPhone shipment volume will drop year-over-year in the second quarter of 2017, sitting between 35 to 40 million, less than last year's 40.4 million in the second quarter of 2016. Apple introduced the iPhone SE in March 2016, packing in many of the iPhone 6s' features and component into a 4-inch frame similar to that of the iPhone 5s. It's unclear what kind of upgrade schedule Apple will adopt for the device, but it's internals are powerful enough to remain a capable phone for a couple of years. Related Roundup: iPhone SE Tag: Ming-Chi Kuo [ 437 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) jerry16 1 week ago stagnation. complacency. greed. the new norms of Apple. Rating: 118 Votes garirry 1 week ago Tim Cook has a fetish for obsolete hardware. Rating: 71 Votes Uni Grad 1 week ago then i just hope that they release a flagship iPhone in a 4 inch size during this September. Rating: 54 Votes Rookbird 1 week ago "Apple attempts to maintain high margins"...that's the problem. How high of a margin do they need to maintain? They can't continue to expect to maintain high margins. The consumer electronics market does rise and fall and you need to be willing to ride those waves. If you attempt to maintain those high margins even when the market falls you end up with cheap products at expensive prices and that is where Apple is now. And that's where companies start going down hill. Rating: 51 Votes DrumApple 1 week ago Too bad - it's the best designed iPhone and only phone that is comfortable to hold without putting an ugly case on. Still deal with hand pain on my 7 but I just live with it. Weighed the 7 against the SE but it's just too much of a downgrade in terms of internals. I call the SE Steve's phone. Everything else is Tim's. And Steve's rules. Rating: 50 Votes Sunnysunnysingh 1 week ago iPhone SE is a great budget phone,I love mine it's the best looking iPhone than any other iPhone model,hope they keep refreshing it Rating: 40 Votes The Cowardly Lion 1 week ago If there is not a new Apple phone in the 4 to 4.3 inch screen size in 2017...Then Apple does not get my $$$ in 2017. Rating: 32 Votes amegicfox 1 week ago you go Tim make more money selling outdated product !!!!!!! squeeze the heck out of Apple's customers !!!! Rating: 27 Votes ThomasJL 1 week ago then i just hope that they release a flagship iPhone in a 4 inch size during this September. If Apple does not refresh the iPhone SE, then releasing a 4-inch flagship iPhone in September would be a logical decision. However, the CEO of Apple is Tim Cook, a man who is allergic to making logical decisions. Rating: 25 Votes thadoggfather 1 week ago thats ok, SE with A9/2GB on an 1136x640 screen SCREAMS performance I've been happy with mine :D Rating: 22 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 10 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 31 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 10 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 11 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand On November 24th, Laser Dog Asks You to Give Thanks and 'Don't Grind' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Gigastone Urges Customers to Be on the Lookout for Fake Products and Confirms Its Entire Range of iOS Flash Drives Are Apple MFi Approved In the flurry of press vis-à-vis fake Apple products rampant online, Gigastone reaffirms entire range of iOS flash drives are MFi approved News provided by Gigastone Nov 05, 2016, 00:02 ET Share this article LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gigastone, the Leading Global Mobile Technology Accessory Brand announced today; that in light of the recent torrent of press, relating to Apple claims regarding counterfeit Apple products, it feels it is important to reiterate that its entire range of iOS Flash Drive and Flash Drive Reader products, are Apple MFi Approved. Gigastone wants to assist customers with strategies to prevent purchasing fake substandard products.     Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161104/436491 Gigastone Micro SD Flash Memory In much the same way customers are being duped into purchasing Apple products that are not the real thing, many other leading brands are suffering the same fate. For example, those same customers are being duped into believing that certain products that bear the MFi logo and appear to be Apple approved, are in actual fact cheap reproductions. Apple has a stringent program whereby manufacturers of Apple mobile technology accessories, can submit their products and receive the coveted "Made for iDevices," MFi approval. The process maintains that certified Apple accessories bearing the MFi mark, meet the high standards required to be associated with the high quality authentic Apple products.    Harold Katz, Gigastone Chief Marketing Officer commented, "Many mobile technology accessories available online, claiming to be MFi approved, are not and don't meet the exacting standards required for MFi approval." He went on to elaborate, "Companies like Gigastone expend huge effort, ensuring that its products are of a high quality and meet and exceed industry standards. Maintaining these standards can make it more difficult for quality conscious suppliers, like Gigastone, to effectively compete in some situations. The end result is that the real loser is the customer, who is left with a substandard product that many times does not work." Gigastone urges all customers to take the time to investigate the authenticity of products prior to their purchases;  Visit the suppliers site to ensure that the product in question exists. Ask the supplier for referral to authorized vendors.   Google the product and review the results for signs of questionable suppliers. Search product reviews for customers that have suffered at the hands of dubious suppliers. If the price of the same product varies greatly when searching on Google Shopping, it is more likely that the cheaper products may be fake. Be aware that large Online Retailers list both their own product lines as well as 3rd party vendor products, not necessarily authenticated by the site being visited. Ask the seller if the product is authentic and if the approval marks it bears are genuine.    This is a global issue across all product lines and Gigastone urges customers to make a stand, in an effort to ensure that products offered by suppliers are authentic.   Gigastone distributes a full range of memory products as well as mobile technology accessories, including the Gigastone iOS Flash Drives. The iFlashdrives come in a number of configurations to meet the needs of the Apple iPhone and iPad users. The Gigastone iFlashDrive software allows users to:   Backup iPhone data from your device to the external memory of the Gigastone iPhone Flash Drives. Backup can be done automatically. (Photos/Contacts/Calendar) iCloud, Google Drive, Dropbox and Facebook Album data can be moved to the external Gigastone IOs Flash Drive.    The data is secured by Touch ID Security and/or Encryption. All photos, movies and data is accessible from the iPhone or iPad without having to move the data from the external iOS Flash Drive to a iDevice. The Gigastone iOS Flash Drives have both Lightning and USB adapters or removable MicroSD cards, so backed up data can easily be moved to any computer without the need for the iDevice. Data can also be copied from a computer to the iOS Flash Drive and accessed from an iPhone or iPad.  The full Gigastone i-FlashDrive range can be viewed on the Gigastone Web Site.   About Gigastone Gigastone is the leading global mobile accessory brand, specializing in state-of-the-art, high-end mobile peripherals and technology. For two decades, Gigastone has been distributing technology to all the major big-box and Electronic Commerce stores. Gigastone has leveraged its engineering, manufacturing and quality control skills to drive world-class production and deliver quality products. A uniquely positioned company, poised to continue to grow and maintain its leadership in the fast paced consumer electronics space. Gigastone currently has eight major offices around the globe; USA, Canada, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, France, Brazil and China, with distributors in Asia, the Americas, and Europe. Notable distributors include Walmart, Costco, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, Guo Mei, JD.com, E-Mart and The Source. Gigastone continues to launch world-class mobile peripherals, constantly diversifying its product range to meet consumer demand. Customer focus is the key to ongoing Gigastone global success.   Related Images image1.png    image2.png    image3.png    image4.png Related Links BBC - Apple complains Amazon's US site is selling fake products     Los Angeles Times - Many 'genuine' Apple products on Amazon are dangerous fakes, Apple says Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RFLmZ5920c This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gigastone-urges-customers-to-be-on-the-lookout-for-fake-products-and-confirms-its-entire-range-of-ios-flash-drives-are-apple-mfi-approved-300358002.html SOURCE Gigastone Related Links http://www.gigastone.co Oct 28, 2016, 12:40 ET Preview: Gigastone iPhone Flash Drives Protect iPhone and iPad Data from Hackers and DDoS Attacks My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 28, 2016, 12:40 ETGigastone iPhone Flash Drives Protect iPhone and iPad Data from... Sep 30, 2016, 12:48 ETGigastone PhotoFast 4K 64GB Video Capture & Storage Kit Hits... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Mobile Entertainment Peripherals You just read: Gigastone Urges Customers to Be on the Lookout for Fake Products and Confirms Its Entire Range of iOS Flash Drives Are Apple MFi Approved News provided by Gigastone Nov 05, 2016, 00:02 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Club MacStoriesBecome a Member MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement The New MacBook Pro: Our Complete Overview This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store How Apple’s Apps Will Use the Touch Bar→ Linked By Federico Viticci Good overview by Benjamin Mayo of all the Apple apps that will have Touch Bar integration on the new MacBook Pros. Apple certainly had the time to build extensive support for the new API while waiting for the new Pros to ship. That’s a total of 23 Apple apps that live in the /Applications root folder with Touch Bar support as of the current macOS 10.12.1 build. The following apps have no Touch Bar integration as far as I could tell; App Store, Automator, Chess, Dashboard, Dictionary, DVD Player, Font Book, Image Capture, Photo Booth and Stickies. I expect all of Apple’s apps to flesh out their Touch Bar integrations in future macOS update. See also: Steve Troughton-Smith's utility to grab a screenshot of the currently active app in the Touch Bar. Source: 9to5mac.com Tags: macbook pro, touch bar ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Home Tech Entertainment Social Lifestyle Business Deals Podcast Tip Us Search 3D Accessories Breaking Business Cars Celebrities eBooks Events Exclusive Featured Gaming Hardware Entertainment Humor Internet Interview Lifestyle Opinions Retail Security Services Software Tablets TV Previous Google shows that at least 10 million users ditched Android for iPhone Previous Next Don't buy the crap T-Mobile (or anyone else) is selling Next 5 ultra-slim iPhone 7 cases that won’t hide your iPhone’s sleek design By Maren Estrada on Nov 4, 2016 at 1:31 PM Email Accessories Share This Story Tweet Like Share Submit Shop ▾ Image Source: Peel Apple’s new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus look strikingly similar to last year’s iPhones. In fact, they look a great deal like Apple’s iPhones from 2014 as well. They’re still the sleekest smartphones in the world though, and they’re still being copied by every single one of Apple’s rival smartphone makers. Just look at the Google Pixel and try to tell us it’s not a shameless iPhone copy. If you have an iPhone 7 or an iPhone 7 Plus, you need to protect it from scratches and scuffs. At the same time, the last thing you want to do is hide that gorgeous design. In this post, you’ll find five affordable cases that are slim, sleek and see-through so that you can protect your phone without hiding it. $18.99 Buy iPhone 7 Case, Thinnest Cover Premium Ultra Thin Light Slim Minim… Available from Amazon BGR may receive a commission $18.99 Buy iPhone 7 Plus Case, Thinnest Cover Premium Ultra Thin Light Slim… Available from Amazon BGR may receive a commission $9.99 Buy Spigen Liquid Crystal iPhone 7 Case with Slim Protection and Prem… Available from Amazon BGR may receive a commission $11.99 Buy Spigen Liquid Crystal iPhone 7 Plus Case with Slim Protection and… Available from Amazon BGR may receive a commission $9.99 Buy iPhone 7 Plus Case, [Scratch Resistant] i-BlasonClear [Halo Serie… Available from Amazon BGR may receive a commission Follow @BGRDeals on Twitter to keep up with the latest and greatest deals we find around the web. BGR Deals content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and BGR may receive a commission on purchases made through our posts. Tags: Amazon, BGR Deals Older StoryPrevious Newer StoryNext Trending Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed 11 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today The 5 best new features coming to your iPhone in iOS 10.2 Download the new iPhone wallpapers before Apple officially releases them Related Articles The 2TB Night Owl security system comes with 8 night vision cameras and peace of mind One-day Amazon sale lets you save big on portable power banks Android fans, meet the set-top streaming media box of your dreams BGR Store Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp The Black Friday Mac Bundle 2.0 Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle TrapTap Speed Trap Indicator View Comments Hubs Apple Apple believes a touchscreen iMac would make for a horrible user experience How Donald Trump's tax plan might save Apple billions of dollars Android Leaks suggest next year's OnePlus 4 will be the Android phone to beat 51 brand new emoji may hit your iPhone next year Mobile Leaks suggest next year's OnePlus 4 will be the Android phone to beat It looks like the Galaxy S8 will add one of Apple's core iPhone 7 features Retail Samsung shares Black Friday deals early: TVs, phones, smartwatches and more Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here's what changed FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn BGR ON TWITTER Jonathan S. Geller @boygenius 2 Nov uh, not for a desktop its not. mobile, sure. twitter.com/rogerentner/st… Zach Epstein @zacharye 9 Nov I wrote a thing about the election. America can still be great again bgr.co/QuwGRqj https://t.co/KtwOcF0Fqv Advertise Contact About Reviews Apple Mobile Android Topics PMC Hollywood Life Deadline Variety TVLine India.com WWD FN Copyright 2016 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms of Use × Tip Us Name(required) Email(required) Subject(required) URL Would you like us to keep you anonymous? Yes No Message(required)
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Gigastone Urges Customers to Be on the Lookout for Fake Products and Confirms Its Entire Range of iOS Flash Drives Are Apple MFi Approved By Published: Nov 5, 2016 12:02 a.m. ET Share In the flurry of press vis-à-vis fake Apple products rampant online, Gigastone reaffirms entire range of iOS flash drives are MFi approved LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gigastone, the Leading Global Mobile Technology Accessory Brand announced today; that in light of the recent torrent of press, relating to Apple claims regarding counterfeit Apple products, it feels it is important to reiterate that its entire range of iOS Flash Drive and Flash Drive Reader products, are Apple MFi Approved. Gigastone wants to assist customers with strategies to prevent purchasing fake substandard products.     Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161104/436491 In much the same way customers are being duped into purchasing Apple products that are not the real thing, many other leading brands are suffering the same fate. For example, those same customers are being duped into believing that certain products that bear the MFi logo and appear to be Apple approved, are in actual fact cheap reproductions. Apple has a stringent program whereby manufacturers of Apple mobile technology accessories, can submit their products and receive the coveted "Made for iDevices," MFi approval. The process maintains that certified Apple accessories bearing the MFi mark, meet the high standards required to be associated with the high quality authentic Apple products.    Harold Katz, Gigastone Chief Marketing Officer commented, "Many mobile technology accessories available online, claiming to be MFi approved, are not and don't meet the exacting standards required for MFi approval." He went on to elaborate, "Companies like Gigastone expend huge effort, ensuring that its products are of a high quality and meet and exceed industry standards. Maintaining these standards can make it more difficult for quality conscious suppliers, like Gigastone, to effectively compete in some situations. The end result is that the real loser is the customer, who is left with a substandard product that many times does not work." Gigastone urges all customers to take the time to investigate the authenticity of products prior to their purchases;  Visit the suppliers site to ensure that the product in question exists. Ask the supplier for referral to authorized vendors.   Google the product and review the results for signs of questionable suppliers. Search product reviews for customers that have suffered at the hands of dubious suppliers. If the price of the same product varies greatly when searching on Google Shopping, it is more likely that the cheaper products may be fake. Be aware that large Online Retailers list both their own product lines as well as 3 [rd] party vendor products, not necessarily authenticated by the site being visited. Ask the seller if the product is authentic and if the approval marks it bears are genuine.    This is a global issue across all product lines and Gigastone urges customers to make a stand, in an effort to ensure that products offered by suppliers are authentic.   Gigastone distributes a full range of memory products as well as mobile technology accessories, including the Gigastone iOS Flash Drives. The iFlashdrives come in a number of configurations to meet the needs of the Apple iPhone and iPad users. The Gigastone iFlashDrive software allows users to:   Backup iPhone data from your device to the external memory of the Gigastone iPhone Flash Drives. Backup can be done automatically. (Photos/Contacts/Calendar) iCloud, Google Drive, Dropbox and Facebook Album data can be moved to the external Gigastone IOs Flash Drive.    The data is secured by Touch ID Security and/or Encryption. All photos, movies and data is accessible from the iPhone or iPad without having to move the data from the external iOS Flash Drive to a iDevice. The Gigastone iOS Flash Drives have both Lightning and USB adapters or removable MicroSD cards, so backed up data can easily be moved to any computer without the need for the iDevice. Data can also be copied from a computer to the iOS Flash Drive and accessed from an iPhone or iPad.  The full Gigastone i-FlashDrive range can be viewed on the Gigastone Web Site.   About Gigastone Gigastone is the leading global mobile accessory brand, specializing in state-of-the-art, high-end mobile peripherals and technology. For two decades, Gigastone has been distributing technology to all the major big-box and Electronic Commerce stores. Gigastone has leveraged its engineering, manufacturing and quality control skills to drive world-class production and deliver quality products. A uniquely positioned company, poised to continue to grow and maintain its leadership in the fast paced consumer electronics space. Gigastone currently has eight major offices around the globe; USA, Canada, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, France, Brazil and China, with distributors in Asia, the Americas, and Europe. Notable distributors include Walmart, Costco, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, Guo Mei, JD.com, E-Mart and The Source. Gigastone continues to launch world-class mobile peripherals, constantly diversifying its product range to meet consumer demand. Customer focus is the key to ongoing Gigastone global success.   Related Images image1.png    image2.png    image3.png    image4.png Related Links BBC - Apple complains Amazon's US site is selling fake products     Los Angeles Times - Many 'genuine' Apple products on Amazon are dangerous fakes, Apple says Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RFLmZ5920c This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gigastone-urges-customers-to-be-on-the-lookout-for-fake-products-and-confirms-its-entire-range-of-ios-flash-drives-are-apple-mfi-approved-300358002.html SOURCE Gigastone Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Gigastone Urges Customers to Be on the Lookout for Fake Products and Confirms Its Entire Range of iOS Flash Drives Are Apple MFi Approved LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Gigastone, the Leading Global Mobile Technology Accessory Brand announced today; that in light of the recent torrent of press, relating to Apple claims regarding counterfeit Apple products, it feels it is important to reiterate that its entire range of iOS Flash Drive and Flash Drive Reader products, are Apple MFi Approved. Gigastone wants to assist customers with strategies to prevent purchasing fake substandard products.     Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161104/436491 Gigastone Micro SD Flash Memory In much the same way customers are being duped into purchasing Apple products that are not the real thing, many other leading brands are suffering the same fate. For example, those same customers are being duped into believing that certain products that bear the MFi logo and appear to be Apple approved, are in actual fact cheap reproductions. Apple has a stringent program whereby manufacturers of Apple mobile technology accessories, can submit their products and receive the coveted “Made for iDevices,” MFi approval. The process maintains that certified Apple accessories bearing the MFi mark, meet the high standards required to be associated with the high quality authentic Apple products.    Harold Katz, Gigastone Chief Marketing Officer commented, “Many mobile technology accessories available online, claiming to be MFi approved, are not and don’t meet the exacting standards required for MFi approval.” He went on to elaborate, “Companies like Gigastone expend huge effort, ensuring that its products are of a high quality and meet and exceed industry standards. Maintaining these standards can make it more difficult for quality conscious suppliers, like Gigastone, to effectively compete in some situations. The end result is that the real loser is the customer, who is left with a substandard product that many times does not work.” Gigastone urges all customers to take the time to investigate the authenticity of products prior to their purchases;  Visit the suppliers site to ensure that the product in question exists. Ask the supplier for referral to authorized vendors.   Google the product and review the results for signs of questionable suppliers. Search product reviews for customers that have suffered at the hands of dubious suppliers. If the price of the same product varies greatly when searching on Google Shopping, it is more likely that the cheaper products may be fake. Be aware that large Online Retailers list both their own product lines as well as 3rd party vendor products, not necessarily authenticated by the site being visited. Ask the seller if the product is authentic and if the approval marks it bears are genuine.    This is a global issue across all product lines and Gigastone urges customers to make a stand, in an effort to ensure that products offered by suppliers are authentic.   Gigastone distributes a full range of memory products as well as mobile technology accessories, including the Gigastone iOS Flash Drives. The iFlashdrives come in a number of configurations to meet the needs of the Apple iPhone and iPad users. The Gigastone iFlashDrive software allows users to:   Backup iPhone data from your device to the external memory of the Gigastone iPhone Flash Drives. Backup can be done automatically. (Photos/Contacts/Calendar) iCloud, Google Drive, Dropbox and Facebook Album data can be moved to the external Gigastone IOs Flash Drive.    The data is secured by Touch ID Security and/or Encryption. All photos, movies and data is accessible from the iPhone or iPad without having to move the data from the external iOS Flash Drive to a iDevice. The Gigastone iOS Flash Drives have both Lightning and USB adapters or removable MicroSD cards, so backed up data can easily be moved to any computer without the need for the iDevice. Data can also be copied from a computer to the iOS Flash Drive and accessed from an iPhone or iPad.  The full Gigastone i-FlashDrive range can be viewed on the Gigastone Web Site.   About Gigastone Gigastone is the leading global mobile accessory brand, specializing in state-of-the-art, high-end mobile peripherals and technology. For two decades, Gigastone has been distributing technology to all the major big-box and Electronic Commerce stores. Gigastone has leveraged its engineering, manufacturing and quality control skills to drive world-class production and deliver quality products. A uniquely positioned company, poised to continue to grow and maintain its leadership in the fast paced consumer electronics space. Gigastone currently has eight major offices around the globe; USA, Canada, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, France, Brazil and China, with distributors in Asia, the Americas, and Europe. Notable distributors include Walmart, Costco, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, Guo Mei, JD.com, E-Mart and The Source. Gigastone continues to launch world-class mobile peripherals, constantly diversifying its product range to meet consumer demand. Customer focus is the key to ongoing Gigastone global success.   Related Images image1.png    image2.png    image3.png    image4.png Related Links BBC – Apple complains Amazon’s US site is selling fake products     Los Angeles Times – Many ‘genuine’ Apple products on Amazon are dangerous fakes, Apple says Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RFLmZ5920c This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gigastone-urges-customers-to-be-on-the-lookout-for-fake-products-and-confirms-its-entire-range-of-ios-flash-drives-are-apple-mfi-approved-300358002.html SOURCE Gigastone Related Links http://www.gigastone.co Author karolPosted on November 5, 2016November 5, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: TENET INVESTIGATION INITIATED BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Investigates Tenet Healthcare Corp. – THC Next Next post: U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for November 5: First Engineering College Search for: Search Recent Posts Council conclusions on implementing the EU global strategy in the area of security and defence Speech Mario Draghi: Ciampi a via XX Settembre Speech Peter Praet: Long-run saving and monetary policy COP22: governments must uphold and go beyond Paris climate promises Less household waste going to landfill in Europe Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Edit this message in the Customizer (Theme Options) techblog118 techblog118 is all about the tech that you need to know from small tech to bigger. Menu Facebook Twitter Google Plus Minecraft coming to Apple TV Posted on November 5, 2016November 5, 2016 by techblog118 The Apple chief discussed gaming on Apple TV first, announcing that Mojang’s immensely popular open-world game Minecraft will be arriving on the platform before the end of the year. Apple TV is already a decent amount of the way there, with Cook saying that Apple TV now has over 2,000 games on offer for users. Said CEO Tim Cook, “We want the experience on your television to be as great as your experience across Apple devices … we believe the future of TV is apps. Minecraft will be available on Apple TV before the end of the year is where the details begin and end for now. Cook didn’t get more specific on a launch date, nor did he mention price.   Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in TagsTagged Apple, Apple TV, GamesLeave a comment Post navigation Previous PostAll you need to know about Samsung Gear S3.Next PostPhotoshop Fix app arrives on Android Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Search for: Follow Me Facebook Twitter Google Plus Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Surface Studio vs. iMac: Which all-in-one does it… Surface Studio vs. iMac: Which all-in-one does it all best? By Nick Hastings — November 4, 2016 9:41 AM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends This week, Microsoft came out swinging by introducing the Surface Studio, Microsoft’s first all-in-one desktop. The flexible, powerful PC promises to be a game changer for creative minds across the world, and provides some staunch competition for Apple’s flagship computer, the iMac. Since comparisons are inevitable, we thought we’d stay a step ahead and place the two side-by-side. Which computer’s hardware is more powerful? Which boasts the superior design? Let’s find out. Related: Can Dell’s best all-in-one challenge Microsoft’s new Surface Studio? Surface Studio iMac (2016) Display & Dimensions 28-inch PixelSense touch 21.5-inch Retina 4K or 27-inch Retina 5k Processor 6th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7 6th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7 (27-Inch) or 5th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7 (21.5-inch) Operating System Windows 10 Pro MacOS Sierra GPU Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M 2GB or 980M 4GB Intel HD Graphics 6000 up to AMD Radeon R9 M395 4GB RAM 8GB, 16GB, or 32GB 8GB, configurable up to 32GB Hard drive 1TB or 2TB rapid hybrid drive 1TB hard drive or 2TB fusion drive; configurable up to 3TB fusion drive or 1TB SSD Ports USB 3.0 (x4), Mini Displayport, Ethernet, SD card reader USB 3.0 (x4), Thunderbolt (x2), gigabit Ethernet, SDXC card slot Wireless 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, Xbox Wireless built-in 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.0 Cameras 5.0MP front-facing 1080p with Windows Hello support FaceTime HD camera; supports full native resolution Speakers Stereo 2.1 with Dolby Audio Premium Stereo speakers Microphones Dual microphones Dual microphones Price $2,999+ $1,099+ Availability Available for pre-order now, ships December 15. Available now DT review Hands-on N/A Hardware The Surface Studio is packing Intel 6th-generation Core quad-core processors. Apple’s iMac packs similar in the 27-inch model, but the 21.5-inch model has a 5th-generation Intel Core i5 quad, with optional upgrade to Core i7. That means the smaller iMac is slower, but given the substantial size gap, that’s not too much of an issue. Both computers include high-end graphics cards (assuming you have the 27-inch iMac) that can be beefed up to 4GB of GDDR5 memory. The Studio’s Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M is newer and quicker than the AMD Radeon R9 cards in the iMac, however. And if you really want to boost your graphics, you can buy a GTX 980M for the Surface Studio. Display The Retina display on the 27-inch iMac is a thing of beauty. The 5K model features 5,120 x 2,880-pixel resolution with support for millions of colors, powered by an AMD Radeon R9 graphics card that can be beefed up to an M395X with 4GB of memory. Even considering the UHD beauty of the iMac, though, the Surface Studio is no slouch. Its 28-inch, PixelSense touch display features a 4,500 x 3,000-pixel resolution, meaning that the Studio’s screen houses about 13.5 million pixels. With 10-point multitouch, the screen can separately identify eight fingers and two thumbs — simultaneously. For reference, most modern smartphones feature 2-point multi touch systems. The Surface Studio boasts an unusual 3:2 aspect ratio, which was implemented to support the pixel density, clocking in at an incredible 192 ppi. The screen’s sharpness is largely in service to color; more specifically, Windows has a built-in feature allowing the user to switch between color spaces, including DCI-P3 and sRGB. It’s a neat feature that allows artists and designers to preview their work under different parameters. The Surface Studio also includes the Surface Pen and the new Surface Dial, tools designed to improve the computer’s touch-screen experience and design accessibility; we’ll go into that a bit later on. In the end, both displays look great. The iMac is sharper, but the Surface Studio’s color is excellent, and the ability to switch color gamuts through the touch of an on-screen button is great for creative professionals. Connectivity and features Both computers offer four USB-3 ports, Ethernet ports, and SD card readers. The iMac, unsurprisingly, is outfitted with dual Thunderbolt 2 ports, while the Surface Studio includes a mini-DisplayPort — though, we’re not sure why you’d want to use any other screen. Each computer is also outfitted with 802.11ac Wi-Fi connectivity and Bluetooth 4.0. The Surface also includes native Xbox Wireless, a reflection of Microsoft’s Play Anywhere initiative. The Surface’s native camera is superior to the iMac’s, though not by much. The Windows Hello sign-in camera can automatically recognize your face and automatically sign you into your computer. It’s not a new feature, but a welcome one all the same. The Studio’s camera supports 1080p, while the FaceTime HD camera is limited to 720p. Design Here’s where Microsoft justifies the astronomical price tag that they’ve affixed to the Surface Studio. The Studio is built for art, whether you’re a graphic designer or an architect. The massive 28-inch touchscreen is mounted on a Zero Gravity Hinge, which allows the display to be shifted up and down, or from your face to your desk. Placing the computer in “design mode” — with the screen tilted back — allows the user to take full advantage of the Surface Pen and the Surface Dial. The hockey-puck-shaped Dial looks innocent enough, but it really shines when plopped onto the screen itself. It clicks and spins — with haptic feedback, so you can feel any changes as they happen — and when you place it onto the display, touch-sensitive menus will automatically pop up around the dial. For instance, turning the dial while drawing might change the color of your digital pencils or the size of your digital brush. The Surface Pen offers the same functionality here as it does on popular tablets such as the Surface Pro 4, providing the user with a diverse set of touch-based tools. The Studio also comes with the new Surface Ergonomic Keyboard, an oddly-shaped thing that continues Microsoft’s pattern of keyboards split down the middle. Built for a more comfortable typing experience, it’s got a wrist pad made of synthetic suede, and two space bars. The iMac is also gorgeous, though. There’s nothing new here from a design perspective, but Apple’s products continue to get thinner and more capable with every build. The machine’s curved, silver body becomes 5-millimeters thick at the edges of the display, and the Retina panel measures just 1.4-millimeters thick across the screen. The iMac ships with Apple’s standard Magic Mouse and Keyboard. Availability and price The Surface Studio is available for pre-order now, and hits shelves on December 15. The Studio comes in three flavors — $2,999, $3,499, and $4,199. The $2,999 version includes a Core i5 processor, while the other two are outfitted with a Core i7. Choosing a more expensive option will also net you more RAM and more storage space. The Surface Studio is an investment, and it’s meant for creative minds that will use the Pen, Dial, and all the bells and whistles. The iMac is available now, and prices range from $1,099 (for the 21.5-inch model) to $2,299 (for the 27-inch Retina display model). Additional configurations and updated components will cost you extra. Conclusion If you’re serious about investing in a computer — especially if you’re an artist, a designer, or anything similar — you should go with the Surface Studio. On the other hand, if you’re not looking to sacrifice your kids’ Christmas presents in order to finance your new computer, check out the iMac. It’s still an awesome piece of technology, one that can be nearly as capable with the right configuration. All things considered, most people will find that the iMac is a better fit, simply because the Surface Studio’s price is justified largely by its bevy of creative tools and features. Those that don’t need the Surface Dial and Pen shouldn’t shell out a few thousand dollars extra, as the Studio is a specialist’s tool, not a simple everyday PC. Also watch: Apple OS X El Capitan – Hands On Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Blog Support Store Developer Get Involved Archive Switching from macOS: Hardware This is part 4 of an ongoing “Switching from macOS” series. Yesterday I wrote about elementary OS for Creative Work. In the Apple world, you have one choice for hardware: whatever Apple makes. With elementary OS, your options are far more vast; you can get anything from a tiny thin low-power notebook to massive powerful workstation and use elementary OS. Existing Mac hardware The simplest option if you are switching from macOS, however, is to use your existing Mac hardware. Apple’s modern MacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, Mac Mini, iMac, and Mac Pro are all Intel-based computers and should work well with elementary OS. Avi Romanoff, an elementary contributor has written up a guide for installing elementary OS on a Mac. Dedicated Vendors If you are looking for new hardware and Apple’s latest doesn’t interest you, there are several companies shipping great computers with elementary OS out of the box. Tuxedo sells several machines with elementary OS, and their InfinityBook is probably the closest to a MacBook Air or Pro: thin, light, aluminum, and backlit. It comes in 13” and 15” options which both look great. Another option is Slimbook, who offers a couple of similarly thin, light, aluminum models that can ship with elementary OS out of the box. Obsidian PC has several models as with an elementary OS option as well. Likely to Work Well There has been an uptick in recent years of companies making and shipping computers with Linux-based OSes out of the box. System76 is probably the biggest and most popular of these; I’d be comfortable recommending any of their laptops or desktops for an elementary OS user. Because elementary OS is Ubuntu based and System76 fanatically supports Ubuntu (with hardware selection, firmware development, and driver tweaks specifically designed to work perfectly with Ubuntu), it works great. Other companies ship and support Linux-based OSes around the world like Dell, Entroware, and many others. If they’re excited about supporting Linux and support Ubuntu or Ubuntu-based OSes, elementary OS should work as well. General Hardware Suggestions If you’re wanting or willing to spend the time researching several companies or even building your own computer to run elementary OS, there are a number of guidelines we recommend you follow. Modern 64-bit Intel-based processors (Core i3, i5, and i7) and Intel HD graphics are your best bet. While NVIDIA and AMD may have Linux drivers, they can be more hit or miss than Intel. We recommend at least 1 GB of RAM, but realistically 4 GB is a good minimum for a modern computer, and more is always better. Some WiFi cards can be hit or miss; again, Intel is typically your best bet, but if it works with Ubuntu or more broadly, Linux, it should work perfectly in elementary OS. Otherwise, if you’re unsure about specific hardware support, searching if it works with Ubuntu is a good bet. Since elementary OS is based on the same core and hardware stack as Ubuntu, hardware support is almost identical. You can see all of our official hardware recommendations at our Installation Guide. Tomorrow I’ll be back with another post in the series, so stop back by! elementary os linux macos 12 notes cassidyjames Nov 4th, 2016 Open in app Facebook Tweet Mail Permalink shanesemler liked this awesomekalphill liked this veerarjunsingh liked this volpedellenevi-blog liked this piratefache liked this lodedespues liked this alperslog liked this wholocked-shurtugal liked this irohust liked this manere liked this akzel liked this lord-mt liked this elementaryos posted this Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus
null
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Home Tech Entertainment Social Lifestyle Business Deals Podcast Tip Us Search 3D Accessories Breaking Business Cars Celebrities eBooks Events Exclusive Featured Gaming Hardware Entertainment Humor Internet Interview Lifestyle Opinions Retail Security Services Software Tablets TV Previous Amazon's huge Black Friday 2016 sales event is has officially begun Previous Next Hulu's live internet TV service will feature ABC, Fox, ESPN, Disney and more Next Now is an awful time to buy a new laptop By Chris Mills on Nov 1, 2016 at 3:03 PM Email @chrisfmills Computers Share This Story Tweet Like Share Submit Shop ▾ Image Source: Apple Black Friday is rapidly approaching, Microsoft and Apple have just shown off their laptop collections for the year, and there’s more nighttime in the winter to Netflix in bed. Ordinarily, this would be the perfect time to go get a new laptop. But not in 2016. See, although Intel announced its new line of Kaby Lake processors back in August, we won’t see a lot of the new processors in laptops until next year. The new processors promise all sorts of improvements over the current Skylake versions, but even if you don’t care about better 4K video playback, you probably do care about saving money. Which is why you should slowly back away from the Amazon cart, set down the 1-click order button, and wait. DON’T MISS: The worst thing about Apple’s new MacBook Pro in two amazing pictures Kaby Lake is the seventh generation of Intel’s Core processors. On paper, it’s not that much of an upgrade over the Skylake chips that came before. It runs on the same-sized 14nm process, using a mostly-similar architecture to the Skylake chips, so there aren’t any giant improvements in battery life or processing power for general-use applications. But where the new chips should be much better is for specific things like 4K video playback or VR. Intel has started to tailor its silicon to the kinds of intensive tasks that currently tax the processor. It’s the same thing that processor manufacturers have been doing for the last few years for smartphones: rather than just increase overall processing power, Qualcomm, Samsung and Apple have customized their chips so that they’re much better at a specific task. Intel is claiming that you’ll get nearly double the battery life when streaming 4K video off YouTube, which is a huge improvement. Other battery-intensive tasks, like general web browsing, also get a double-digit efficiency boost. So, for the same-size laptop with the same battery, you’ll be getting hours more battery life if you wait for a Kaby Lake chip. Gaming is another good example. The beefy quad-core Kaby Lake processors, which won’t launch until early next year, will have the latest version of Intel’s Iris graphics. We don’t know a ton about it, but we’ve seen demos of thin-and-light laptops running graphically intensive games like Overwatch at a decent FPS. The big question is if the best Iris graphics will be able to handle basic AR or VR tasks. If they can pull that off, it will mean serious graphics performance in a thin laptop with low power draw. So when will be a good time to buy a laptop? The basic, low-power Kaby Lake chips are already out, but we’ll have to wait until sometime early next year for the high-power, quad-core laptop processors that you find in the MacBook Pro or Surface Book. You can expect all the big-name laptop manufacturers to debut laptops packing Kaby Lake, so a few demos at the Consumer Electronics Show in January is a good guess. Even if you don’t care about any of the graphics or efficiency improvements, it’s probably worth waiting until the new year to buy a new laptop. With Kaby Lake computers coming out, the perfectly capable Skylake PCs will be going on sale anyway. Couple those sales with the post-Christmas discounts, and you could be picking up serious PCs for a lot less money than right now. All you have to do is wait. Tags: Intel, Kaby Lake, Laptops, MacBook Pro Older StoryPrevious Newer StoryNext Trending Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed 11 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today The 5 best new features coming to your iPhone in iOS 10.2 Download the new iPhone wallpapers before Apple officially releases them Related Articles Apple believes a touchscreen iMac would make for a horrible user experience This is the MacBook Pro hub that Apple should have made MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review roundup: This gimmick isn't for everyone BGR Store Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp The Black Friday Mac Bundle 2.0 Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle TrapTap Speed Trap Indicator View Comments Hubs Apple Apple believes a touchscreen iMac would make for a horrible user experience How Donald Trump's tax plan might save Apple billions of dollars Android Leaks suggest next year's OnePlus 4 will be the Android phone to beat 51 brand new emoji may hit your iPhone next year Mobile Leaks suggest next year's OnePlus 4 will be the Android phone to beat It looks like the Galaxy S8 will add one of Apple's core iPhone 7 features Retail Samsung shares Black Friday deals early: TVs, phones, smartwatches and more Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here's what changed FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn BGR ON TWITTER Jonathan S. Geller @boygenius 2 Nov uh, not for a desktop its not. mobile, sure. twitter.com/rogerentner/st… Zach Epstein @zacharye 9 Nov I wrote a thing about the election. America can still be great again bgr.co/QuwGRqj https://t.co/KtwOcF0Fqv Advertise Contact About Reviews Apple Mobile Android Topics PMC Hollywood Life Deadline Variety TVLine India.com WWD FN Copyright 2016 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms of Use × Tip Us Name(required) Email(required) Subject(required) URL Would you like us to keep you anonymous? Yes No Message(required)
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville The 5 Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks By Scutify Nov 04, 2016 8:11 am PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. As 2016 starts to close and we start investing with a head toward 2017, one of the most obvious plays in the market is ... well, one of the most obvious plays of at least the past couple of decades: tech stocks. Source: magicatwork via Flickr But as we've seen thanks to big momentum moves by the likes ofTwitter Inc(NYSE:TWTR),Amazon.com, Inc.(NASDAQ:AMZN),Netflix, Inc.(NASDAQ:NFLX) and more, dabbling in single-name tech stocks can be perilous. That doesn't mean you shouldn't do it - that's what the aggressive allocation of your portfolio is for. But it does mean that if you're looking to get broad exposure to tech stocks, you would do well to also invest in one or two of the best exchange-traded funds that focus on the space. ETFs are a great solution for trying to invest in anything from whole sectors to industries to trends like the internet of things or artificial intelligence. That's because they grant you exposure to a number of players, meaning you don't have to necessarily guess the one or two best stocks in the space. And the best ETFs allow you to do this for next to nothing in annual expenses. The 10 Best ETFs on the Planet As we turn the clock forward to 2017, here's a look at five of the best ETFs that invest in tech stocks. Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLK) Expenses: 0.14% If you're looking to invest in any sector, the first place to look should be State Street Global Advisors' Select Sector SPDR funds. That's not to say they're always the best, but more often than not, they provide strong performance for cheap, and they're about as liquid as you can ask for. The Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (NYSEARCA:XLK) is the largest tech ETF on the planet at just about $13 billion in assets. And its holdings list is a who's who of big tech, including Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) andAlphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL). XLK's performance has outdone most of its broad-based tech peers over the long run, and the ETF is among the cheapest you can buy at just 14 basis points. But no investor should jump in unless they're OK with the fund's ... well, its weight problem. Apple makes up roughly 14% of the fund, and Microsoft makes up another 10%. All told, the top five companies represented in XLK - the four above, plus AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) - make up almost half the weight. That means as they go - for the most part - XLK goes. That has its advantages in that all of these companies are extremely well-heeled, cash-rich firms that can weather a market blow or two, whether it's AAPL shelling out more dividends or buybacks, or FB buying out a couple new companies for growth. It has its disadvantages in that the concentration in mega-caps, as well as exposure really only to blue chips, isn't necessarily the most conducive to rapid price appreciation. You can read more about the XLK ETF here. Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF (SMH) Expenses: 0.35% (includes 6-basis-point fee waiver) Sometimes, the best money to be made in technology isn't in the consumer-facing side, but the comparatively boring internals. For instance, semiconductors. When you think of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), you almost assuredly think of PCs - the declining industry that's hampering Intel. What you should be thinking, though, is that Intel's solutions also power everything from digital storage to point-of-sales systems to, more recently, driverless automotion via a partnership with BMW and Mobileye NV (NYSE:MBLY). Or let's get really meta and consider Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (ADR) (NYSE:TSM), a foundry that serves other semiconductor firms, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.(NASDAQ:AMD), Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Broadcom Ltd (NASDAQ:AVGO). And from time to time, even Intel actually outsources its chipset manufacturing to TSM. These are the companies that will power just about every emerging technology on the planet, and that's advantageous to investors because it reduces the risk of investing directly in the more risky front-facing technologies that could flop hard if their gambles are wrong. In short, if a company like AMD powers a number of virtual reality technologies, then it's a much safer bet than trying to pick which VR company will get it right. What Stocks Will Win the 2016 Election? The VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF (NYSEARCA:SMH) is a concentrated fund of just 26 holdings, and it's overweight TSM and INTC at about 15% each. But it covers most of the biggest players across the globe, making it a faithful play in the semiconductor space. You can read more about the SMH ETF here. ADVERTISEMENT Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: iShares Exponential Technologies ETF (XT) Expenses: 0.47% If investing in slower-growth blue-chips isn't your thing, the iShares Exponential Technologies ETF (NYSEARCA:XT) very well might be. While iShares touts a few reasons to buy, the most important is this: "The fund's index uses a unique evaluation process to identify companies developing and/or leveraging promising technologies." In other words, XT is trying to get out in front of the crowd. Thus, you're going to see a number of emerging technologies represented, such as 3D printing and artificial intelligence, not to mention a few other tech avenues that might have been around for a while already, but are really starting to come into their own. Take a look at the top holdings. AMD products are used in everything from drones to medical imaging.Exelixis, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXEL) is actually a biotechnology company whose developing treatments are focused on ailments from thyroid cancer to tumors. MercadoLibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) is a Latin-American e-commerce platform. Yes, you can practically guarantee that several of XT's holdings are destined for the scrapyard, as not every emerging technology actually emerges, and some that do don't do so right away. Heck, the tech world has given virtual reality the ol' college try several times over the past decade. But that's OK. XT also differs from XLK in that it's equally weighted, rather than market-cap weighted, so currently none of the ETF's 189 holdings accounts for more than 1.57% of the fund. Thus, total failures are mitigated. You can read more about the XT ETF here. Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: PureFunds ETFx HealthTech ETF (IMED) Expenses: 0.75% Everywhere you look, you'll find some gaudy predictions about the future of healthcare technology. For instance ... Grand View Research sees global healthcare firms investing $410 billion in software, services and internet of things-connected devices in 2022. Evaluate Ltd. is projecting a $477.5 billion market in medtech by 2020. Research and Markets expects the global healthcare analytics market to explode from $8.48 billion in 2015 to $23.8 billion by 2020. Long story short: Technology is increasingly encroaching into the healthcare space, and there's a lot of money to be made there. The PureFunds ETFx HealthTech ETF (NASDAQ:IMED) is one of a scant few ways to invest broadly in this trend. IMED focuses on three specific areas: healthcare informatics, medical instruments and medical devices. That results in holdings like Quality Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:QSII), which deals in things such as electronic health records and interoperability solutions for both medical and dental practices, or medical device company ICU Medical, Incorporated (NASDAQ:ICUI), which boasts products such as MicroClave for infusion therapy and hemodynamic monitoring systems. The 10 Best Vanguard Funds to Buy for 2016 IMED is a small fund, at just more than $2 million in assets, and the 0.75% expense ratio is far from cheap, but this is one of the best ETF plays on the blossoming healthcare tech market. You can read more about the IMED ETF here. Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: Global X FinTech Thematic ETF (FINX) Expenses: 0.68% Using cash less and less? You're not alone. Many people have almost completely phased out their use of cash, and that's thanks to - and benefiting - the fintech space. The fintech space is awfully broad and combines new and old technologies alike. If you've swiped a credit card at a retail store or a restaurant in your life ... well, a fintech company is powering that. But naturally, the space is filled with slightly newer financial technologies as well. There's PayPal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PYPL), which not only is an increasingly popular online payment option, but has expanded to acceptance in brick-and-mortar stores, too. And there's LendingTree Inc(NASDAQ:TREE), the online exchange that hooks up both individuals and businesses with potential lenders. The Global X FinTech Thematic ETF (NASDAQ:FINX) invests in 29 such companies, featuring consumer-facing names such as PayPal and Square Inc (NYSE:SQ), as well as companies like SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:SSNC), which powers complex functions such as trading and accounting for financial firms. Like IMED, FINX is hardly cheap, but it's a targeted play on a couple of burgeoning tech industries. You can read more about the FINX ETF here. Kyle Woodley is the Managing Editor of InvestorPlace.com. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Follow him on Twitter at @KyleWoodley. This article was written by Kyle Woodley for InvestorPlace on Nov 3, 2016. This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 Best apps for investors and traders 2 5 Trade Ideas for Monday: Allstate, BioTelemetry, Cincinnati Financial, Coach and Hasbro 3 US Market Update: Trump Towers 4 Bulls Get Vocal 5 Weighing the Week Ahead: Time for a Portfolio Transition? See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2016 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | Is Jailbreaking My New Apple iPhone 7 a Good Idea?   Is Jailbreaking My New Apple iPhone 7 a Good Idea?   Make your Apple iPhone 7 quirkier by Jailbreaking it. By: Prajith Sabbani Updated: Saturday, November 5, 2016, 11:25 [IST] If there’s one thing that stops Android loyalists from switching to Apple iPhones, it has to be the limited customizability that they offer. While the iPhones, for most of the part “just work” like Steve Jobs has always said, a few users, for the tech enthusiasts they are, like to dig deeper and customise their smartphones to their own liking. And for that, Apple users can jailbreak their iPhones to unleash its untapped potential. SEE ALSO: These 5 Changes in Apple iPhone 8 Will Surprise You for Sure [iPhone 8 Leaks For the uninitiated, Jailbreaking is nothing but getting rid of all the hardware restrictions Apple lays on its iOS devices. Once it's done, you can customise your smartphone to look the way you want it to look but not how Apple wants it to look. SEE ALSO: Can I Delete My WhatsApp Account Permanently, What Will Happen if I Managed to Do So? This brings us to the question, is it a good idea to jailbreak your Apple iPhone? Well, that’s a tricky question to answer. We will list a few advantages followed by some disadvantages of jailbreaking your iPhone which will eventually make it easier for you to decide if you should choose to jailbreak your iDevice or not. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Download apps from anywhere While there are plenty of apps available on the Apple App Store which most of the times serve the purpose, jailbreaking your iPhone will allow you to download apps from multiple other sources (like Cydia — essentially an App Store-like source with illegitimate apps) which you can’t download otherwise. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals More customisation Jailbreaking gives your iPhone, the power to do things which can’t be done with the default iOS. What this means is that you can run themes, add new skins, customise the Control Center, and a lot more. The possibilities are just endless, all it takes is a little research and a little patience to get more control over the looks and feels. But, what about the software updates? Enough about the pros, let’s talk about a few downsides. The first major disadvantage is the fact that you won’t be able to upgrade to the latest iOS as soon as it releases. You’ll have to wait until the jailbreak community releases a jailbroken iOS update, which may take months after the official iOS launch or may never see the light of the day.     Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Is there anything else to worry about? Well, yes! There are a lot of other things you’ll have to worry about. Firstly, jailbreaking your iPhones voids the Apple’s warranty. Meaning, in case if something goes wrong with your iPhone while it's being jailbroken or it has been jailbroken already, it won’t be eligible for assistance from any of the Apple stores. Additionally, your iPhone will become vulnerable to malicious attacks from hackers. As a matter of fact, jailbreaking itself is hacking your smartphone to remove the hardware restrictions.  Finally, should I jailbreak my iPhone or not? Well, we’ve already made it clear what one will get and lose on jailbreaking the iPhone. Now, the onus of taking this decision entirely rests on you and your preferences. That said, one thing is for sure, if you care for security and privacy more than anything else, you’d definitely want to stay away from jailbreaking your iPhone.  Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7 Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple Iphone 7 Plus 32gb 70,599 Apple iPhone 7 (Gold, 32GB) 57,998 Gallery   |   8 Photos Apple iPhone 7 Plus +See All Read More About apple | iPhone | iphone 7 | news | mobiles | smartphones | iOS | jailbreak | tips and tricks Story first published: Saturday, November 5, 2016, 7:00 [IST] Other articles published on Nov 5, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Reliance Jio SIM Common Problems: How to Escalate Complaints Microsoft Office for Android will be supported on Chrome OS Remember the Rs. 501 Priced ChampOne C1 Smartphone? It’s Up for First Flash Sale on November 18!  Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Apple rumoured to unveil curved, bezel-free iPhones next year Smartphone app helps early detection of autism Wearable device can reduce fat, treat type 2 diabetes Bingo Technologies Unveils VR Glass G-200 with Wi-Fi & 3D at Rs. 5,999 How to Block Annoying Ads in Facebook Messenger OnePlus 4 Rumor Roundup: Dual Rear Camera, 8GB RAM, and Much More 5 Advantages of Using Paytm While Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Notes Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Ban: Finally, Good News for Smartphone Buyers How Social Media Can Help in Finding Working ATMs [5 Possible Ways] Reliance Jio MNP: Terms and Conditions You Should Know Before Porting Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KL Panasonic P71 Hyve Pryme Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FPIntex Aqua Raze 2LYF Wind 4SMicromax X781Intex Aqua S2 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Loop: Controversial MacBook Pro Reviews, David Bowie Hiding In iOS 10.2, Latest iPhone 8 Leaks – Forbes Posted on November 4, 2016 by Forbes Taking a look back at seven days of news across the world of Apple, this week’s Apple Loop includes a magical leak about the iPhone 8, reviews of the new MacBook Pro, why Apple’s laptop is not for developers, thoughts about the design decisions made … Forget the iPhone 8, this all-screen iPhone SE is all the smartphone you needBGR People don’t think Apple’s iPhone is a good value for the moneyBusiness Insider Why Apple isn’t worried about flagging iPhone salesInfoWorld ValueWalk -Investor’s Business Daily -9 to 5 Mac -Gotta Be Mobile all 217 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Money flows like water in Apple Valley amid Measure V/W battle Friday Nov 4, 2016 at 5:51 PM Nov 4, 2016 at 6:03 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — The most contentious ballot issue Apple Valley voters face in Tuesday's election is that of competing measures revolving around the takeover attempt of Liberty Utilities. An aggressive war of words playing out on social media, in mailboxes, in Council chambers, over the airwaves and between epistles sent by lawyers has divided a community in the drawn-out run-up to Nov. 8. But the campaign finances of Measures V and W tell two stories — one of a company fighting for its very existence and another of an advocacy group positioning itself as a scrappy underdog locked in a fierce battle with a corporate titan. To date, Liberty Utilities has funded Measure V to the tune of $250,000, according to campaign contribution documents. In October alone, the water company doled out $100,000, which helped fuel more than $113,000 in campaign expenditures. Should Measure V pass, a vote of the town's residents would be required before Apple Valley could issue bond debt to fund the purchase of Liberty’s water system. Beyond that, similar votes would be required prior to any issuance of bond debt in excess of $10 million. Such a future would create a unique situation, according to Mayor Pro Tem Scott Nassif, who recently said Apple Valley would be the only municipality in California “that would have a provision on borrowing debt regardless of the revenues.” “This was put in place not to protect the ratepayers of Apple Valley,” Nassif said, “but to put roadblocks in front of the Council.” As such, proponents of the town-sponsored Measure W liken their fight to a battle of biblical proportions in that that they’re “competing with Goliath,” arguably because campaign contributions to H2OWN — Our Water Now, Measure W’s advocacy group — pale in comparison to what Liberty has put toward Apple Valley residents Pat and Chuck Hanson's Measure V. H2OWN raised just over $18,000, campaign finance records show. Much of that amount came from two $5,000 contributions made by Burrtec Waste Industries, a company the Town Council awarded a 50-year ground lease for land at the Victor Valley Materials Recovery Facility during the Oct. 25 Council meeting. The lease grants Burrtec use of nearly eight acres of MRF land to develop an expanded materials diversion and recycling facility, according to town documents. The lease will bring the town more than $46,000 in annual revenues. But Town Council candidate Bryen Wright said the move suggests a “pay-to-play” scenario. “The timing and impact of these contributions are highly suspect,” Wright said, “and suggest a Town Council whose decisions can be purchased for the right price. I strongly encourage the Measure W committee to immediately return these contributions, and for there to be an investigation into the Town’s dealings with Burrtec in the weeks leading up to this Council vote.” Wright’s stance, however, constituted little more than a grab for attention by a first-time candidate, according to H2OWN’s Pat Orr, who said the group was “happy” to receive Burrtec’s initial contribution after soliciting the company. “We were pleasantly surprised when a second contribution showed up, along with others after our continued pleas for help to fight cash-rich Liberty,” he said. “I personally am not aware of any contract deal or extension granted to Burrtec by the town. The Council doesn't usually consult me on their planned agenda items. “... and despite what Mr. Wright believes, no one from the W campaign has or will benefit from Measure W campaign activities. How stupid is Burrtec that they would send us money after their deal is done, and what do they get out of cheaper water in Apple Valley? Understand pay to play before you throw the term around would be my advice to the novice Mr. Wright.” Town spokeswoman Kathie Martin added that the expansion of the facility has been in the works for nearly two years. “The governing entity is a Joint Powers Authority that also includes the City of Victorville and the Mojave Desert Integrated Waste Management JPA, each of which also had to approve the item,” Martin said. Meanwhile, expenditures show an even greater disparity between the Right to Vote on Debt and H2OWN campaigns — more than $337,000 to just $12,179.66, respectively — and H2OWN’s strategy looks similar to a grassroots effort as a result. “We decided at the outset we would do what we could as resources became available,” Orr told the Daily Press. “Early on we realized that every Liberty water bill was an ad for W. Residents are really angry about the rates, the surcharges and foreign ownership. We ‘feel’ the community spreading our message for us.” An active social media presence bolstered that message’s proliferation; however, language inherent in H2OWN’s message, which recently referred to claims made by Measure V supporters as “bovine feces” on Facebook, has met criticism. During the Oct. 25 Town Council meeting, after calling the Council’s resolution to support Measure W a “self-serving” form of advocacy, Measure V proponent Diana Carloni took aim at a another H2OWN Facebook post. “Let your campaign committee take the laboring order to advocate (for Measure W),” Carloni told the Council. “That is their job. And tell them sneering is not complimentary to their cause.” Carloni’s comment referenced H2OWN’s Oct. 13 post in which the group encouraged supporters to visit Town Council candidate Larry Cusack’s booth at the Happy Trails Chili Cook Off — a booth the group shared with the incumbent — and “sneer at the Yes On V people.” When asked to respond to the post during a candidate forum, Cusack said he does not condone the “sneering” aspect of the post, adding, “I just support our Measure W that the Town Council has put forward.” Meanwhile, the Town Council has also come under fire for paying more than $50,000 for ballot-measure services, voting to include Measure W on the ballot, and advocating for its passage via “an illegal use of taxpayer funds” — a claim the town contends is false. Former Town Councilor and Apple Valley Citizens Right to Vote on Debt campaign co-chair Peter Allan called Measure W a “deceptive effort” to undermine Measure V. “Instead of respecting local citizens, the Town of Apple Valley, Measure W’s true proponents, has spent more than $1.6 million taxpayer dollars without once seeking voter approval,” Allan said. “Instead of telling voters how much they want to borrow and asking for support, the politicians spent more taxpayer dollars to create Measure W.” Measure V proponents include money spent by the town on acquisition — just over $1.5 million since 2011, according to a previous Daily Press report — in the discussion because without the town’s eminent-domain action against Liberty, it’s likely neither measure would exist. “As a result,” Allan continued, “local citizens, led by Pat Hanson, along with the Inland Empire Taxpayers Association, myself and others, have mounted an effective grassroots campaign to guarantee people the right to vote. Measure V holds government accountable for wasteful spending and that is why so many residents have walked precincts, posted signs and shared information with their neighbors.” In response, the town said its citizens “have spoken very loudly” in opposition to Measure V, as well as "for relief from years of escalating water rates that outpace our neighbors by as much as 45 percent.” "The lack of local control, lack of responsiveness and accountability of the private owners to ratepayer concerns, and rejection of our offers to buy the water system left us with eminent domain as the only legal step available to the Council, acting on behalf of the citizens," the statement read. "If Liberty and its predecessors had acted fairly and in good faith, we likely would not be in this position.” Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Apple cuts adapter prices after MacBook outcry By Ethan Baron / November 4, 2016 at 4:32 PM Apple giveth, Apple taketh away, and Apple giveth again. The Cupertino firm riled up the tech-savvy masses by removing standard ports from the new MacBook Pro laptops, forcing many buyers to load up on adapters so they could use peripheral devices with their shiny, and pricey, new computers. Even the new iPhone 7’s power cord doesn’t work with the new MacBook Pros, which have no SD card slot, or ports for HDMI, standard USB or VGA. Those laptops feature USB-C ports — called by Apple “a next-generation industry standard” — for connection of phones, hard drives, displays and power cables. That means owners of the new MacBook Pros need new cables or adapters for virtually any device they’d want to connect to their laptop. On Friday, Apple announced deep discounts on adapters. The price of a USB-C to traditional USB adapter dropped to $9 from $19, for example. The USB-C charging cables, however, remain at the same price. Cutting adapter prices may help soothe an irritated market, but the company will lose much of what appear to be hefty markups on its adapters. Analyst Wing Lam of IHS told the Wall Street Journal that he estimates that the USB-C to Lightning cable — priced now at $19 instead of $25 — costs about $2.50 to make.   Photo: The Apple logo (AFP PHOTO/GABRIELLE LURIE/Getty Images)   Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: adapters, Apple, iPhone, MacBook, usb-c   More Posts in 1 Petition for electoral college coup against Trump gets more than 1 million signatures November 10, 2016   Apple now selling pre-owned iPhones from online store November 9, 2016   Google’s driving app ‘Android Auto’ now works as free standalone on phones November 8, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       man The new Pro is a big middle finger to the Mac user base.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Is activist investor Starboard looking to run at Hewlett… Petition for electoral college coup against Trump gets more… Surveillance, encryption concerns in the wake of Donald… Social media and the election through the eyes of Donald… Wolverton: Competition stumps Amazon Echo, Google Home     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Infinite Loop / The Apple Ecosystem Apple temporarily cuts prices on all USB-C cables and accessories First- and third-party accessories may be necessary for MacBook Pro buyers. by Andrew Cunningham - Nov 5, 2016 1:00 am UTC Login to bookmark 299 Enlarge / The 13-inch MacBook Pro's two Thunderbolt 3 ports. Andrew Cunningham Apple is offering an olive branch to new MacBook and MacBook Pro buyers annoyed that their old stuff won't work with their new laptops. The company is discounting most of the USB-C cables, dongles, and accessories it sells in its online and retail stores. The downside? The discounts only last from now until the end of the year, and prices will presumably go back up after that. The USB-C to USB adapter goes from $19 to $9; the Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2 adapter drops from $49 to $29; the USB-C to Lightning cable goes from $25 to $19 for one-meter cables and from $35 to $29 for two-meter cables; both the HDMI and VGA versions of Apple's multi-port dongles drop from $69 to $49; and SanDisk's Extreme Pro SD card reader drops from $49 to $29. All other third-party USB-C cables and peripherals will be discounted by about 25 percent. The only excluded products are Apple's USB-C power adapters and the USB-C charge cables sold for use with those power adapters. The temporary price cuts won't completely compensate for the annoyance of having to use dongles in the first place, but they'll help. They may also dissuade buyers from hopping on Amazon and buying cheaper but potentially faulty or non-certified cables and accessories (plenty of perfectly good accessories are out there, too, but finding the rose among thorns isn't easy). It would be great to see some of these price cuts become permanent in the new year. Expand full story Reader comments 299 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Andrew Cunningham / Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Electronic Equipment Stocks Under Scanner — Apple, Koninklijke Philips, Sony, and Energous NEW YORK, November 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Stock-Callers.com’s attention is redirected to the Electronic Equipment space which is engaged in the production of computers and computer-related products like printers, communications equipment, and home electronic equipment. Given the rapid evolution of technology, product life cycle in this industry is very short, driving companies to continuously improve their research and development in order to remain afloat. Ahead of today’s trading session, we have issued research reports on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (NYSE: PHG), Sony Corp. (NYSE: SNE), and Energous Corp. (NASDAQ: WATT). You can access of our complimentary research reports on these stocks now at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Apple   At the close on Thursday, shares in Cupertino, California headquartered Apple Inc. saw a decline of 1.58%, ending the day at $109.83. The stock recorded a trading volume of 26.50 million shares. The Company’s shares have advanced 2.19% in the previous three months and 6.12% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 6.85%. Moreover, shares of Apple, which designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, education, and enterprise and government customers worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 34.31. On October 25th, 2016, Apple posted Q4 FY16 revenue of $46.9 billion and net income of $9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share. These results compared to revenue of $51.5 billion and net income of $11.1 billion, or $1.96 per diluted share, in Q4 FY15. Gross margin was 38% in the reported quarter compared to 39.9% in Q4 FY15. International sales accounted for 62% of Q4 FY16 revenue. The company generated $16.1 billion in operating cash flow, a new record for Q4. On October 27th, 2016, research firm Hilliard Lyons downgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‘Buy’ to ‘Long-term Buy’. Visit us today and download your complete report on AAPL for free at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=AAPL Koninklijke Philips   Shares in Amsterdam, the Netherlands-based Koninklijke Philips N.V. ended the day 1.31% lower at $29.30. A total volume of 1.85 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 1.42 million shares. The stock has gained 10.48% over the previous three months and 19.13% since the start of this year. The Company’s shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 0.14% and 9.46%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Philips, which engages in healthcare, consumer lifestyle, and lighting businesses worldwide, have an RSI of 47.81. On October 24th, 2016, Philips reported that for Q3 2016 sales increased to EUR 5.9 billion, with consolidated comparable sales growth of 2%. Adjusted EBITA amounted to EUR 649 million, or 11.0% of sales, compared to 9.8% of sales in Q3 2015. The company’s net income amounted to EUR 383 million compared to EUR 324 million in Q3 2015. Operating cash flow totaled EUR 500 million compared to EUR 281 million in Q3 2015; free cash flow was EUR 280 million compared to EUR 58 million in Q3 2015. The complimentary research report on PHG can be accessed at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PHG Sony   On Thursday, shares in Tokyo, Japan headquartered Sony Corp. finished 0.10% higher at $31.40. A total volume of 982,965 shares was traded, which was higher than their three months average volume of 920,510 shares. The stock has advanced 27.59% on an YTD basis. The Company’s shares are trading above their 200-day moving average by 11.43%. Additionally, shares of Sony, which designs, develops, manufactures, and sells electronic equipment, instruments, and devices for consumer, professional, and industrial markets worldwide, have an RSI of 38.80. On November 01st, 2016, Sony reported that sales and operating revenue in Q2 FY16 decreased by 10.8% compared to Q2 FY15 to 1,688.9 billion yen ($16,722 million). The company’s operating income decreased 42.3 billion yen y-o-y to 45.7 billion yen ($453 million). Net income attributable to Sony’s stockholders, which deducts net income attributable to non-controlling interests, decreased 28.7 billion yen on y-o-y basis to 4.8 billion yen ($48 million). Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the PDF research report on SNE at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=SNE Energous   San Jose, California headquartered Energous Corp.’s shares recorded a trading volume of 437,075 shares at the end of yesterday’s session and closed the day at $13.39, gaining 3.64%. The stock has advanced 3.16% in the previous three months and 69.28% since the start of this year. The Company’s shares are trading above their 200-day moving average by 13.63%. Additionally, shares of Energous, which engages in the development of a wire-free charging system, have an RSI of 32.99. On October 31st, 2016, Energous announced that it will hold a conference call on November 7th, 2016, at 4:30 p.m. ET to discuss its financial results for Q3 2016. Get free access to your research report on WATT at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=WATT — Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the “Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the “Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the “Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‘re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number:  +44 330 808 3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Electronic Equipment Stocks Under Scanner — Apple, Koninklijke Philips, Sony, and Energous Author RSS ImportPosted on November 4, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Global Cloud-based Payroll Software Market 2016 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2020 Next Next post: ESA CubeSat found answers blowing in the wind Search for: Search Recent Posts Kamal R. Woods, MD, FAANS, is recognized by Continental Who's Who Carol Yeh-Garner is recognized by Continental Who's Who Kathy T. Eichlin is recognized by Continental Who's Who Vishay Intertechnology Declares Quarterly Dividend Hunt Mortgage Group Refinances Three Multifamily Properties in Washington State Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
facebook twitter pinterest facebook twitter pinterest All News  Mobile Phones Events Apple iPhone  BlackBerry Concept Phones Google Nexus  HTC  LG Microsoft Motorola  Nokia  Samsung  Sony  Phone Comparison  Accessories Mobile games Apps Android OS Apps iOS Apps BlackBerry Apps Windows Phone Apps Other Apps Software  Android OS  BlackBerry OS  iOS Windows OS  Other Software Tablet Video Hands-On Reviews  Phone Comparison Others Skip to content Homepage Accessories Samsung Gear S3 will debut in the U.S. on November 18 Samsung Gear S3 will debut in the U.S. on November 18 Categories AccessoriesAuthor by Adam November 4, 2016 1,430 0 Last year, Samsung wowed almost everyone including Apple fans with the Gear S2 smartwatch. We’ve known a sequel would arrive for some time, and if you live in the states you will be able to purchase the Samsung Gear S3 beginning on November 18. We still don’t live in a wearable world, but devices like the Apple Watch and Samsung Gear S3 are bringing us a little closer to that reality. They are two wearables that actually do things a bit different and both certainly stand out in the crowd. The Samsung Gear S3 is definitely the swankiest smartwatch not running iOS or Android, and while it’s a little pricey, it is well worth the dough. The Samsung Gear S3 will be the second smartwatch to run Tizen. While it shares plenty of similarities with its predecessor some things have changed this time around. The display is now 1.3-inches and features Gorilla Glass SR+ whereas the previous model had a 1.2-inch display. The resolution stays the same although the pixel density is a bit better on the old model due to the smaller display. On the inside of the Samsung Gear S3, you will find 768MB of RAM which is an increase and well above the usual 512MB we find under the hood of most wearables. GPS and MST are now standard as well along with the usual suspects like NFC, wireless charging, and a heart-rate monitor. The battery is noticeably larger at 380mAh compared to 250mAh juice box found on the S2. It is said to provide around 4-days of juice depending on your usage. There are several software tweaks as well, but it’s essentially the same model as last year… just better. Samsung may have had their hands full with the Note 7 recall, but the Gear S3 release should help fatten their pockets back up. The Samsung Gear S3 will be available in two flavors with the Frontier model and Classic although the Frontier has a variant with LTE connectivity. It’s also more rugged than the Classic model. The Samsung Gear S3 will be available to purchase in the U.S. on November 18th with pre-orders beginning on November 6th. If you want to roll with AT&T, you can pre-order one now for $249 and up or $49.99 on a new 2-year agreement. Pricing for other shops should follow suit and will become available when pre-orders begin. Tags SamsungSamsung Gear S3SmartwatchTizen Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Add to Google+ Add to Pinterest Post navigation Previous article Previous post: Xiaomi Redmi 4 price and release date are official Next article Next post: New Moto M leak reveals the design and specs Adam Adam is a techie, who loves new gadgets and all things Westeros. Android is his OS of choice, and Pizza is his nemesis. Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more November 4, 2016 Samsung Galaxy C7 price listed at $459 in the United States November 4, 2016 Samsung Foldable Smartphone tipped to be on track for 2017 November 4, 2016 Live Comment Your email address will not be published. Cancel Reply NAME* EMAIL* WEBSITE COMMENT Search Search for: Recommended posts Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more Verizon Black Friday 2016 ad leaks with mobile deals OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing YotaPhone 2 Dual Screen Smartphone On Sale at $119,99 Moto Turbo 3 Renders Surface on Weibo OnePlus 4 Rumored Again With Dual Cameras, 8 GB of RAM and More iPhone 8 Edge appears in Concept Renders with unique Design Huawei P10 Shows Up on GFXBench Revealing Specs UMi-BTS3 Bluetooth Speaker Review OnePlus 3T To Be World's First Smartphone With 8 GB of RAM Recent Comments Chris Black on UMi-BTS3 Bluetooth Speaker Review November 13, 2016 Chris Black on WP 10 VR Alcatel Idol 4S Rolling via T-Mobile for $469,99 November 11, 2016 PETER TYSOE on WP 10 VR Alcatel Idol 4S Rolling via T-Mobile for $469,99 November 11, 2016 maricio on UMi Plus E announced with 6GB of RAM and Helio P20 November 10, 2016 kamal on UMi Plus E announced with 6GB of RAM and Helio P20 November 10, 2016 Slider Widget Huawei Mate 9 Pro Gets Launched Officially November 15, 2016 Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more November 14, 2016 OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing November 14, 2016 iPhone 8 Edge appears in Concept Renders with unique Design November 14, 2016 Samsung Galaxy C7 price listed at $459 in the United States November 14, 2016 About us Phonesreview.co.uk, obviously as the name suggests is a site dedicated around the news of the present day Mobile Phones. Handsets have gone through an entire reformation, from the old chunky mobile phones to new world of hybrid devices such as SmartPhones and PDAs. Phones Review reports about all the hottest announcements, launches and ongoing developments in the world of the portable electronic mobile devices. Recent posts Huawei Mate 9 Pro Gets Launched Officially November 15 2016 Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more November 14 2016 OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing November 14 2016 Tags android ANdroid 2.3 Gingerbread Android Ice Cream Sandwich Android Jelly Bean apple apple ipad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPhone App Store att BlackBerry Concept Phone games google Google Play htc HTC One india iOS iphone iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone Accessories itunes LG microsoft Motorola Nokia palm rim Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone smartphones t-mobile updates verizon Windows Phone 7 Contact About Us Privacy Advertise Copyright 2016 · Phonesreview.Co.Uk

null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish India To Buy Cellebrite’s iPhone Hacking Technology By Tyler Lee on 11/04/2016 17:17 PST You might recall that earlier this year after a bit of back and forth between Apple and the US government, another company had to be brought into unlock the iPhone that Apple had refused to. The company in question is Israel-based company Cellebrite who was reportedly paid $1 million by the FBI to “hack” the iPhone to access the information on it. Now it seems that Cellebrite has managed to get the attention of the Indian government who has reportedly struck a deal with the company to buy their technology. So what does the Indian government plan to do with the tech? Basically they plan to use the technology to help law enforcement agencies around the world unlock high-security devices, like the iPhone. According to a senior Forensic Science Laboratory official, “We are likely to have the technology within a month or so. India will become a global hub for cases where law enforcement is unable to break into phones.” As 9to5Mac points out, it is unclear if the Indian government will be buying the exclusive rights to the technology, and how they plan to make it available to other governments. That being said, Apple and other companies typically try to improve their security with every update, so it is unclear how effective Cellebrite’s technology will be in the next few years. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about hack, iPhone, Legal, privacy and Security. Related Articles 2016-11-11 2017’s iPhones Rumored To Come In 5-inch & 5.8-inch Sizes 2016-11-11 iPhone 7 Plus Explodes After Being Dropped On The Ground 2016-11-11 More Rumors That Wireless Charging Could Be Coming To The iPhone 2016-11-09 More Evidence That 2017’s iPhones Could Sport OLED Displays 2016-11-09 Apple Now Selling Refurbished iPhone 6s & 6s Plus Models 2016-04-24 DOJ Withdraws Request For Apple To Unlock iPhone In New York 2016-04-04 Apple Expected To Publicly Share FBI’s iPhone Hacking Technique 2016-03-01 France Wants To Fine Apple €1M Each Time They Don’t Decrypt An iPhone 2016-03-01 San Bernardino Victim’s Husband Sides With Apple In Encryption Debate Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SuperMoon ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ After Complaints, Apple Drops Price of USB-C Dongles After Complaints, Apple Drops Price of USB-C Dongles By Angela Moscaritolo November 4, 2016 04:57pm EST 10 Comments Apple's USB-C adapters and some of its USB-C cables are now $6 to $20 cheaper. Having to use a dongle to connect peripherals to a new device isn't awesome. It's even less awesome when you have to pay for those little connectors. Lots of MacBook Pro users will inevitably deal with this issue as Apple's new laptop only has USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 ports. Cupertino has apparently heard all the complaints about this and it's taking action. Don't get too excited: the company isn't going to ship adapters with its new MacBook Pro for free like many have wished, but it is dropping the price of dongles. The Verge reports that all of Apple's USB-C adapters and some of its USB-C cables are now $6 to $20 cheaper. USB-C charging cables, meanwhile, are not getting a discount. //Related Articles MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? "We recognize that many users, especially pros, rely on legacy connectors to get work done today and they face a transition," the tech giant said, according to the report. "We want to help them move to the latest technology and peripherals, as well as accelerate the growth of this new ecosystem. Through the end of the year, we are reducing prices on all USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 peripherals we sell, as well as the prices on Apple's USB-C adapters and cables." Here's a list of the new prices, according to The Verge: USB-C to traditional USB adapter – now $9 (previously $19) Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2 adapter – now $29 (previously $49) USB-C to Lightning cable (1 meter) – now $19 (previously $25) USB-C to Lightning cable (2 meters) – now $29 (previously $35) Multiport adapter with HDMI, USB, and USB-C - now $49 (previously $69) Multiport adapter with VGA, USB, and USB-C – now $49 (previously $69) Apple is also dropping the price of all third-party USB-C peripherals it sells by about 25 percent. Back to top Previous : Ballmer: Bill Gates Didn't Want Microsoft to Make Hardware Best Buy Tips Black Friday 2016 Deals on 4K TVs, iPad Pro Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Relax, Your Facebook Friends (Probably) Aren't Dead Someone tell Facebook that Day of the Dead already passed. More » Check Out GameStop's Black Friday Deals Get ready for deals on Xbox One S bundles, Alienware Steam Machines, and more. More » Preserve Your Data With AT&T Stream Saver Plus, AT&T's move to exempt DirecTV streaming from mobile data caps has drawn net neutrality concern... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016) Acer Chromebook 14 New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) Acer Aspire R 14 (R5-471T-52EE) The Best Laptops of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s New MacBook Pro Computers Aren't Overpriced This Fool makes the argument that Apple's latest MacBook Pro computers, while extremely expensive, aren't necessarily overpriced. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 4, 2016 at 5:45PM When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced its latest 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro computers, there were some potential buyers who were completely put off by the prices. The base model of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar runs $1,799, and the base 15-inch MacBook Pro runs a cool $2,399. Apple's new MacBook Pro computers. Image source: Apple.  These are clearly high-priced, premium systems. However, there's a difference between an overpriced product and an expensive one. The former is a product that doesn't deliver the value that its price tag suggests, while the latter is simply a product with a high price. And the latest MacBook Pro computers, although expensive, are not really overpriced.  Head-to-head: Spectre x360 vs. 13-inch MacBook Pro To give you a sense of the value offered by the 13-inch MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar), I'll compare it with HP's (NYSE:HPQ) premium Windows-based Spectre x360 laptop. (A similar comparison should be possible for the 15-inch MacBook Pro and a suitable Windows-based alternative.) The latter has gotten very good reviews, with Laptop Magazine calling it "the convertible laptop to beat." In the table below, I've put the specifications of a "maxed-out" Spectre x360 side by side with a similarly configured 13-inch MacBook Pro, pulled from HP's and Apple's respective websites -- and for some of the MacBook Pro details, AnandTech:   Spectre x360  13-inch MacBook Pro w/Touch Bar  Processor Core i7-7500U Core i7-6567U Graphics Intel HD Graphics 620 Intel Iris Graphics 550 Display 1920 x 1080 IPS, touch-enabled 2560 x 1600 IPS, non-touch Memory 16GB LPDDR3-1600 16GB LPDDR3-2133 Storage 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD 512GB PCIe-based SSD Expansion ports 2x USB Type-C, 1 USB 3.1 Gen 1, 1 headphone/microphone combo 4x Thunderbolt 3 ports Wireless connectivity 802.11ac (2x2) and Bluetooth 4.0 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2 Trackpad HP Imagepad Force Touch trackpad Battery capacity 57.8 Wh 49.2 Wh Weight 2.85 lbs 3.02 lbs Price (as configured) $1,299 $2,499 Source: HP, Apple, AnandTech. There's no beating around the bush -- the HP system is about half as expensive as the MacBook Pro system. However, if we walk through each of these specifications and closely compare the two systems, it becomes clear that, at the very least, the premium that Apple charges is directly related to component costs. Let's do just that. The tricky processor comparison First, let's look at the processor and graphics technologies in each system. Although the Apple system uses an older sixth-generation Core processor while the HP uses a newer seventh-generation Core processor, the chip inside of the MacBook is faster. The processor architectures of the i7-7500U and i7-6567U are identical, meaning that, at a given frequency, these two chips will perform the same. The main advantage of the seventh-generation Core processors is that they are built on a newer version of Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) 14-nanometer process, which should allow the seventh-generation Core processors to run at higher speeds than the sixth-generation Core processors, all else being equal. The 6567U has two processor cores that run at 3.3GHz base and can turbo to 3.6GHz. The 7500U has two processor cores that run at 2.7GHz, but can turbo to 3.5GHz. It's likely, then, that in CPU tasks, it's a wash between these two. In terms of graphics architecture, once again, the sixth-generation Core and seventh-generation Core processors are virtually the same. However, the chip inside of the MacBook Pro uses Intel's higher-performance Iris graphics -- more graphics cores, dedicated eDRAM memory built into the chip package -- so I would expect that in graphics tasks, the MacBook Pro chip will have a clear edge in graphics tasks over the chip inside of the Spectre x360. The trade-off that Apple is likely making by using a chip with Iris graphics is that it's certainly more expensive to manufacture than a similar chip without Iris graphics. The size of the main processor is larger, and the Iris parts include a fairly large on-package memory manufactured in Intel's 22-nanometer logic process.  Intel almost certainly charges more for chips that cost more to make, adding to Apple's bill-of-materials costs relative to HP's.  The display comparison Moving beyond the processor, the HP system has a 1920-by-1080 resolution IPS display, while the MacBook Pro has a higher resolution 2560-by-1600 resolution IPS display. The display on the MacBook should be sharper. The comparison doesn't end there, though. The display on the MacBook Pro supports the much wider DCI-P3 color gamut, while tests performed by NotebookCheck show that the display on the HP fails to fully cover even the narrower sRGB color gamut. Finally, per NotebookCheck, the average brightness of the display found on the Spectre x360 is 318.6 nits. The site found the average brightness on the new 13-inch MacBook Pro display to be 563.6 nits. Apple's machine has a sharper, brighter, and more colorful display. HP's, on the other hand, supports touch input while Apple's doesn't.  Comparing everything else As far as memory and storage go, both have 16GB of LPDDR3 memory and 512GB of storage. However, it's worth pointing out that the MacBook Pro, as configured, uses faster 2133MHz LPDDR3 memory while the Spectre uses slower 1600MHz LPDDR3. 9to5Mac also points out, citing Computer World, that the new MacBook Pro systems are around "two years ahead of most of its competition" in terms of solid-state drive speeds. The MacBook Pro is slightly heavier, but they're both in roughly the same weight class. The Apple system uses a Force Touch trackpad, while HP's system uses what it dubs an HP Imagepad. And finally, the MacBook includes an OLED touch bar with Touch ID support, while HP's system doesn't. Distinguishing price from value Apple's new MacBook is clearly an expensive system, but across the board, it appears to offer more features and better performance than the newest Spectre x360 -- a top Windows notebook. This isn't an attempt to disparage HP's Spectre x360 -- it has received extremely positive reviews from many reputable outlets, and is frankly a very attractive Windows-based machine. The point of this comparison is to show that Apple crams in a lot of things here and there that might not individually mean much to potential customers, but ultimately serve to enhance the user experience. Engineering often consists of making smart trade-offs that balance cool features against cost structure. Apple's new MacBook computers traded off price in order to build extremely feature-rich products. HP, on the other hand, did what it could within a system that it could sell for $1,300, which, frankly, is quite high for a consumer Windows-based notebook.  We'll get a better idea of how receptive customers are to Apple's choices vis-a-vis the new MacBook Pro computers when the company reports its financial results in January.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 4, 2016 at 5:45PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) HP NYSE:HPQ $16.10 up $0.28 (1.77%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.48 down $0.13 (-0.38%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 #1342, 17 Oct 16 #1341, 10 Oct 16 #1340, 03 Oct 16 #1339, 26 Sep 16 #1338, 19 Sep 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.3 Airfoil 5.5.1 Capto 1.2.1 Mellel 3.5.2 BusyCal 3.1.2 and BusyContacts 1.1.4 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.7 Fantastical 2.3 Nisus Writer Pro 2.1.6 VMware Fusion 8.5.1 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.6     Related Articles Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between (03 Nov 16)     Published in TidBITS 1345. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. It’s Not You, iTunes 12.5 Keeps Updating Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between Feed Hawk Is Useful But Not Essential for RSS Junkies TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 7 November 2016 ExtraBITS for 7 November 2016     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 04 Nov 2016 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (28) Responding to Complaints, Apple Drops Adapter and Monitor Prices by Josh Centers Many Apple fans have been irked by how the new line of MacBook Pro laptops offers only Thunderbolt 3 ports (which are backward compatible with USB-C). To connect to existing peripherals, users will require one or more adapters, such as those for USB-A, DisplayPort, HDMI, Ethernet, and even older implementations of Thunderbolt. See “Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between” (3 November 2016) for a thorough explanation. Apple doesn’t get any points for thinking ahead, but happily, the company does appear to be responding to the waves of criticism. According to the Loop, Apple is dropping prices on many of its adapters through the end of 2016. Affected products include: USB-C to USB Adapter: from $19 to $9 Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2 Adapter: from $49 to $29 USB-C to Lightning Cable (1m): from $25 to $19 USB-C to Lightning Cable (2m): from $35 to $29 USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter: from $69 to $49 USB-C VGA Multiport Adapter: from $69 to $49 Apple is also discounting other USB-C products sold in the company’s online store, such as the SanDisk Extreme Pro SD UHS-II Card USB-C Reader, which drops from $49 to $29. If you purchased any of these adapters in the past 14 days — Apple’s return window — the company may automatically credit you for the difference in price; Adam Engst got email from Apple about that after the initial publication of this article. If you don’t hear from Apple in a few days, I recommend calling them and asking for a partial refund. I did that and obtained a $30 refund for my USB-C to USB Adapter and my Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2 Adapter. MacRumors reports that Apple has also cut the price of the LG UltraFine 5K Display, which it developed with LG, from $1299 to $974 until the end of 2016. Also, Apple slashed the price of the LG UltraFine 4K Display from $699 to $524. The 5K Display isn’t yet available for sale but should launch in December 2016. Apple could have avoided the entire hullaballoo by including an adapter or two in the box with new MacBook Pros or giving customers the option to receive the adapter of their choice for free when ordering. Instead, Apple came off as trying to nickel-and-dime its most eager customers, who were already spending significant sums on the company’s latest gear. And even still, dropping the prices only through the end of 2016 seems stingy, given that Apple’s adapters and cables are almost always the most expensive by far.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Responding to Complaints, Apple Drops Adapter and Monitor Prices To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. People are angry about all the adapters required for the new line of MacBook Pro laptops, but thankfully Apple is temporarily reducing prices on those adapters and the LG 4K and 5K monitors. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Mike  2016-11-04 20:48 The one cable that absolutely should have been in there is the Type C to type A adapter, but a USB-C lightening cable should also have been included. As it stands if you buy a laptop and a Magic Mouse you have to pay another $9 just to be able to charge it. I also wish they had a MagSafe to TB3 adapter, as the MagSafes weren't cheap and still work well. Maybe someone else will be able to pull that off with a shallow rough port that it could stay plugged in. Reply dbrugger   2016-11-04 21:27 Quite frankly, Apple has stopped being Apple for the last two machine re-dos, dropping things and adding things as if they were Microsoft software. Waiting for a new laptop, I feel betrayed and that Apple is changing for the sake of changing without any very real innovation. I'm on the search for old refurbished models that have what I want and need. Too bad! Reply Simon   2016-11-05 04:12 Unfortunately I have to agree. As sad as it is. Reply Reinard Schmitz   2016-11-05 05:15 Yep. Sadly I've to agree. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2016-11-08 21:01 Me too. Apple long since lost sight of their customers. In my book the trend began with OS X Lion, which bleached the color, and thus much of the utility (ease of use) out of the Finder window side bar. They only made the problem worse with OS X 10.10 Yosemite, when even more color, depth and usability bled away from the UI. A year from now most the noise over the Thunderbolt 3 ports will have subsided as people adapt to the change. The expense of that adaptation, however, will not be forgotten and it is likely to drive up sales of used Macs. I recently got a good price on eBay for a unibody MacBook Pro, a line which, not coincidentally, is still user serviceable. I replaced the HDD with a comparably sized SSD for about $150 - and it connects to all my gear. As for using adaptors, well, I got used to that problem while servicing MacBook Airs and 11" MacBook Pros, all of which have been short on ports from their inception. I've got Thunderbolt to this and that in my gadget bag. Now I'll have to add TB 3 to this and that. I'm just glad they didn't limit the number of ports any more radically than they did with the new MacBook Pros. Given the precedent set by the MacBook, it could have been worse. Of course, Apple thinks everything can and should be done in the cloud now. But the cloud, particularly iCloud, is far from reliable and even less secure. But, hey, Apple couldn't care less how their imperfect solutions affect actual users. It's their policy and they're sticking with it. Longterm my biggest concern for Apple is their unwillingness to develop a touch-screen PC. Because to do so, of course, would be to admit that Microsoft had a better idea. As far as technology trends go, this is a big one and Apple is ignoring it. Sure, a touch-screen Mac, particularly a laptop, would cut into iPad sales. But touch-screen Windows PCs are going to be shading Apple big time going forward. Adding a few bells and whistles, like the Touch Bar, to the MacBook Pro will not make up the difference. Microsoft ads for the Surface Pro may be obnoxious, but they are on point nonetheless. Touch-screen PCs are not a fad, like Netbooks, that Apple can safely dismiss. They are the future, a future in which Apple is unwilling to participate. And now that Microsoft has introduced their touch-screen desktop computer, the Surface Studio, with a hinge mount that declines to emulate a drawing table (like a Wacom Cintiq), with a Surface Pen and Surface Dial, a high resolution 28" screen that matches the color gamut of the Cintiq, it won't be long before graphics professionals begin to look beyond their iMacs. As it is now you can use a Cintiq with your iMac if you're got room on your desk for the setup, but the Surface Studio will have a much smaller footprint, combining the utility of a capable computer with a large, adjustable, graphics tablet—at half the price. Certainly things aren't going to change overnight, but to my mind the writing is on the wall. Apple's executives are far to insular, cut off from the every day working world of their users. Who would have thought, a decade ago, that Microsoft would be leading Apple in innovation? Reply Simon   2016-11-09 05:20 I'm actually very happy they are refusing to do a touch-screen Mac. One of Steve's strongest suits was recognizing what not to do and knowing when to stay simple. Apple's stance on this issue would have been the same under Steve and I'm very happy about that. No matter how many shiny ads MS puts out and no matter how much consumers think everything has to converge up to the point where your car is also your fridge. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2016-11-09 05:03 Glib remarks about cars and fridges don't enhance your argument. It's not about what consumers think, it's about what they buy. If they don't buy Macs, Apple is in trouble. QED. As for what Steve would like or what he would do, he didn't like the idea of a small iPad or a big iPhone, but Apple is selling them both now. He didn't like dabbling in the enterprise, but Apple is working with IBM and Cisco to expand their footprint in business. Supposing that Steve would like what you like is, well, supply your own synonym for foolish. Personally, I don't need or want a touch-screen computer. But what I want is less than insignificant. Nonetheless, I see the market moving to touch-screen PCs and Apple missing the boat. We're not talking fads here. As I mentioned, Apple made a small iPad when the market favored small tablets and they made large iPhones when the market was going that way. And they are moving into the enterprise to expand their role in business. Ultimately, whether or not to make a touch-screen Mac should be a rational business decision, not one guided by pride, vanity or sentiment. As for simplicity, there's nothing simple about using two devices to do the work of one. Nor is there anything simple about Apple's multi-device, multi-OS market strategy these days. What, pray tell, is simple about iCloud? What's simple about all those Apple apps in your dock? Simplicity is a them trotted out when it suits Apple's purposes and ignored when it does not. It's a red herring—at best. There's nothing simple about Apple. Reply Simon   2016-11-09 05:29 Pride or vanity has nothing to do with it at all. Bottom line is macOS has been heavily optimized for mouse/KB. It would need substantial changes to make it touch friendly. I want Apple to focus that energy on making sure it remains the best OS for mouse/KB. I don't want them to focus on adding something solely because supposedly many consumers are interested in that. Many consumers are also interested in Windows or McD. So what? Ignoring that crowd is not a problem as long as you remain more interested in product quality than in market share. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2016-11-09 13:17 I see. It's all about what you want. Thanks for the heads up. Reply dave nuss   2016-11-04 21:47 Hi! I've seen this price reduction mentioned on several sites today but not mentioned and no email from Apple about those of us that forked over for new MBPs and dongles in the first minutes after the Hello Again... Do we get automagic refunds? ... I see Adam called and got some refund so I went to Apple Chat and after some time got the same. Sad they didn't just automatically apply the credits, but I guess that's how they build up that cash pile. Thanks for reporting this! Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-05 11:55 Josh was the one who called, but we also ordered an adapter last week, but I just got email from Apple saying they were refunding me automatically. I'll add that to the article. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2016-11-08 19:25 Of course not. They're not going to give away money. If you snooze, you lose. Reply Michel Hedley  2016-11-05 02:34 These expensive Apple connectors are not well designed. They are prone to breaking at the plug end. For all of Apple's prowess in design, Apple can't seem to design peripherals that are fit for purpose and make them rugged enough for every day use. Reply Simon   2016-11-05 04:34 I'm really surprised by this move. Apple used to be very good at anticipating customer reaction. Now they come out a few days after the big launch and essentially declare they got the pricing all wrong. Has their marketing been taken over by a bunch of clowns? What have these guys been doing for the past months? Josh is absolutely right in his final paragraph. They could have handled this so much better. When did Apple become so bad at this game? Reply James  2016-11-06 10:31 They haven't admitted the pricing is wrong. They have TEMPORARILY lowered the price in the hopes that people shut the hell up about it and get it out of the mainstream news. Same goes with the 5K Display. How convenient. They've lowered the price on items that you can't even use for another 3 to 5 weeks. By the time the MBPro actually ships, the price on these adapters and the 5K Display will go back up. Reply Simon   2016-11-05 04:35 So what can be inferred form this surprising move? Only days ago their propagandists were trying to spread this claim that early order numbers had been awesome like never before. Had the uptake indeed been that astronomical, would Apple leadership be willing to give up one cent of profit from all these de facto required adapters? A guess would be orders are either low or they're worried they won't be selling enough new MBPs with all the bad press they're getting - much of which is related to the many dongles required and their ludicrous pricing. Reply Simon   2016-11-05 04:32 It's also interesting to see they were forced to do this in connection with the new MacBook Pro. This is the segment where there are a lot of pro users. People using their Macs for actual work, where productivity counts. People who are knowledgable about performance and technlology. People you can't just sway by releasing a fancy feel good campaign celebrating a new pink or gold color. It seems they're a bit drunk with their success in selling expensive status symbols to teenagers in China. I'm surprised they obviously didn't realize they cannot sell to the pro crowd like they do to those people. Reply George Wade  2016-11-05 12:12 OTOH – foreseeing the problem requires a certain amount of guesswork; while just going ahead with delivery of the product results in marketplace demand for what is actually needed in the way of adapters, accessories and cables. Do we demand that Apple use Artificial Intelligence to get a better match ! Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-06 10:36 Determining that people would be unhappy about not being able to use any existing peripherals without buying extra dongles doesn't take an advanced degree. :-) Reply Scott M.   2016-11-08 03:05 Especially considering they did realize that people were going to be pissed about the lack of a headphone jack on the iPhone 7 and thus smartly included an adapter in the box with the iPhone 7 rather than nickel and diming people by forcing them to buy that adapter. I supposed, however, that it could be argued that Apple had advanced warning since the idea of Apple killing the headphone jack had been "leaked" for at least a year before the iPhone 7 was released. Thus, Apple could not avoid hearing all the people complaining about the killing of the headphone jack before they actually did it. There was no such "advanced warning" for the all USB-C fiasco for Apple, at least as far as I can tell (I don't watch all the Apple rumors and such like you might...I only saw one article that suggested it might be possible, but not that it was really a leak). One would think, however, that there is one senior/high level executive (any lower level drone likely would be ignored/steamrolled) that should have been able to put two coherent thoughts together to extrapolate that there might be a similar reaction to having to buy a "dongle" in order to use a run of the mill USB device with their new top of the line "Pro" laptop as there was to the idea of buy a "dongle" to use with their expensive headphones for a new iPhone. But, then maybe I am expecting too much of Apple senior executives these days. And their "sale" on "dongles" does not help their image too much in my opinion. As someone else said, it kind of smacks of "here, have a discount...now we hope everyone will forget about it and we can go back to nickel and diming you". To me, the smart thing would have to just give all purchasers of new MacBook Pros (with the USB-C ports) at least 1 free USB-C to USB-A "dongle" with their order. Either just add it to the order for free automatically or included it in the box (after all, most of the new MBPs have not shipped yet). And for anyone who already got it, just ship them a free one (or refund them the full price if they ordered one). After all, while not every one needs Ethernet or used an external monitor or needs a Firewire "dongle", etc, I would argue that the vast majority of people at least use a flash drive or external drive or even use a USB printer. So, I would expect the vast majority of people make use of at least one USB-A device on a regular basis. Of all the "miscues" that I believe they made with the new MBPs, this was the most unforgivable. And I even put this above Jony Ive's infatuation with form over function and his incessant need to make all Apple devices thinner just for that sake of making them thinner and sexier (I will stop there before I get my "rant on"). Reply Dennis B. Swaney  2016-11-07 19:56 Those dongles are still excessively overpriced: none should cost more than $4.99 which would still give Apple several 100s percent profit. Reply Brian S   2016-11-07 20:22 I'm curious why Apple dropped the monitor prices. It doesn't appear related to the dongle fiasco. Reply Steve L'Heureux  2016-11-07 20:53 I have to say I feel Apple is entirely out of touch with it's older users. I'm 60 and have been with them since 1989. With as much as they charge for their gear, to keep Nickle and Diming us after they keep changing ports year after year is Fu**king pissing me off. I'm disgusted. I'm steering my clients to buy the older refurbs right now. Is it time for Phil Schiller to retire? Who the hell is driving the Apple Bus right now anyway??!! I have to think Steve J would be turning over in his grave right now. Geez, Apple is now even ceding control to Graphics creation to Microsoft with it's Surface Pro!! WTF??!! Who the hell is minding the Store??! Mr. Cook, are you paying attention????? Reply Curtis Wilcox   2016-11-08 17:34 What do you mean, changing ports year-after-year? Before USB-C, what was the last change to a Mac connector? I think it was MagSafe 2 replacing MagSafe and that was four years ago, not that recently. That's also when MBPs dropped built-in Ethernet, which I do miss (I don't miss the optical drive). Replacing USB 2 with USB 3, no downside. Replacing Thunderbolt with Thunderbolt 2, no downside. Replacing Mini DisplayPort with Thunderbolt, no downside. Roughly eight years ago, Mini DisplayPort replaced all their other video connectors, pretty much guaranteeing you'd need a dongle to connect to an external display (until they added HDMI to MBPs). But it also cleared out the mish-mash of different connectors on different models; they had DVI, Mini-DVI, and Micro-DVI on different laptop models all in the same time frame! Mini DisplayPort didn't eliminate "dongle hell" but it did make it more sane. Steve Jobs is the one who dropped all preceding connectors in favor of USB (for which there was not much adoption yet) and floppy drives on the original iMac, his is not a name to invoke when criticizing the forward-looking decision to go all-in on Thunderbolt 3/USB-C. Reply Openreels   2016-11-07 23:23 Nothing new here, Apple's been changing interfaces on us for decades! At least when they introduced TBolt as THE ONE interface they also had a display with breakouts built in. Unfortunately it took quite some time for 3rd parties to bring out alternatives that were badly needed. That could happen again, but at least USB-C has big potential for the long-term (assuming anyone can understand it). Guess I don't need to keep the old ADC video adapter cable any longer, or that crazy non-standard power cord... Reply dbrugger   2016-11-08 13:31 Price reductions don't make it. Put back what you took off so I don't need the adaptors. Then Apple will have made it right. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2016-11-09 15:28 The price of dongles is probably a side show for Apple. And, though I was surprised by the port configuration of the new MacBook Pro, I think there is method to their madness. They no longer have to worry about which ports to include in their ever slimming laptops. The simple fact is that Thunderbolt 3/USB-C will serve every currently popular port, from video through USB to Thunderbolt, FireWire and Ethernet—and memory card readers. Not only that, you can charge external devices or the Mac itself from any of the ports, though I suspect there are some unspoken caveats on that score. With the right adaptor (or hub) you can connect any legacy tech you own. That's quite a coup when you step back and think about it for a minute (or two). The MacBook Pro is now essentially universal. It means the customer doesn't have to worry about which model has which ports. Get a Mac and customize it as you like, with the adaptors for the ports you need. It's a new and rather shocking concept. But it will make sense in the long run. That said, as Josh suggested, Apple could have handled things better. Clearly the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing. But that's nothing new in Apple's security obsessed, vertical silo organization. In fact, it's the norm and is't only surprising when they don't muck something up. Does anyone remember how OS X 10.10 Yosemite did a face plant right out the door? Meanwhile, if they had included an adaptor with the new Macs it would inevitably have been the wrong adaptor for some people. The new meme is about you choosing the adaptors you need. A credit toward an adaptor purchase at the Apple Store might have been nice, but it would almost certainly have been too much for some people and not enough for others. I suspect consternation over the new port alignment was factored into Apple's sales projections. Though I suspect many people enthusiastically ordering a new MBP didn't realize what they were getting into. Apple undoubtedly expected flack over some of their decisions. And just as undoubtedly they expect such flack to subside as people get used to the new reality—as they always do when Apple changes things up. And they expect (or hope) that the luster and charm of the Touch Bar will balance things out a bit. But there are a lot of other questions to be answered. Almost lost in all the hoopla over ports and adaptors is the larger size and Force Touch capability of the MacBook Pro trackpad. That, too, will take some getting used to. It's too soon to tell if the new keyboard, not including the Touch Bar, will be a plus or a minus. The keyboard on the MacBook was not all that well received. Is this one like that one? And, frankly, the Apple Wireless keyboard on which I'm typing this comment is the best Mac keyboard I've ever used—and I've used them all at one time or another. It's comparable to the keyboard on most Mac laptops up till now. Then there's touch ID. Does that mean you cannot start the new MBP with a password? At least on an iPhone you have a choice in how to set it up. And just how good are those new speakers? Does it matter? We won't know till we hear them. Will the 16GB limitation on RAM be an issue? Some people think so. How can you have a "pro" computer these days with only 16GB of RAM?. This was probably a matter of heat dissipation, though there are two new low profile, supposedly quiet fans to cool thing down. There are some cool videos about the MacBook Pro on the Apple web site, http://www.apple.com/macbook-pro/, along with some rah-rah explanations of all the new features, of which there are many. I think spending some time studying what Apple has to say about its new Mac will calm the jitters some people are having about it. It did so for me. Oh, and speaking of new features, taken in toto this is more than the usual evolutionary upgrade of the MacBook Pro. The RAM is faster, the system bus is faster, the CPU is faster, the NVRAM is faster, the SSD is faster. The screen is brighter with a higher gamut (color range) and better contrast. The speakers are more robust. The ports are more powerful and versatile. The Touch Bar is almost revolutionary. In other words, Apple waited until they could upgrade literally everything on the MBP. For a change they lived up to Steve's old motto: Apple will introduce no technology before its time. Let's hope this proves to be true in this case. I can't wait to try one out at my local Best Buy—especially the keyboard, which is a make or break item in my book. And, lo, I've almost reached the character limit on this post. Whoa. Reply Scott M.   2016-11-09 16:38 While I have issues with aspects the whole "dongle" thing, I do agree that the USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 ports are powerful and overall a good thing. Personally, I don't particularly object to "dongles". It does allow for rather flexible and powerful ports that can then be adapted to how users want/need to use them. And I don't really care that "dongles" are ugly. I am totally in the "function over form" (not that I don't appreciate a nice design). Where I do have an issue is that Apple screwed up how they handled it and the plain reality is that it might cost them some sales. In many ways, Apple could predict which "dongles" people might want or need, so there certainly are challenges to the idea of Apple providing some "dongles" in the box. I would argue that is true for most "dongle" options, but not true for at least one simple USB-C to USB-A (i.e. currently available "standard" USB port). Like a headphone jack on an iPhone, I would argue that the vast majority of MacBook Pro use on a rather regular basis a USB device. So, to me, Apple's true screw up on the "dongle" front was not including at least 1 USB-C to USB-A "dongle" with every new MacBook Pro purchase (and I would argue MacBook purchase). After all, with Apple's "here have a discount for a short period of time on these dongles sale, at least until you forget that we screwed this up" sale on "dongles", it would appear that it costs Apple $9 or less to make the USB-C to USB-A dongle (I highly doubt Apple would be will to sell them at a loss even for distraction/marketing sales in the hopes of dying down the controversy until people forget about it). So, Apple's mistake was not just eating the $9 (or less) cost of providing at least 1 USB-C to USB-A dongle with the sale of a MacBook Pro (like they did with the Lightning to headphone jack dongle with the iPhone 7). I also agree there are other aspects of the new MacBook Pro to like, but some that are still unknown (in particular the TouchBar...hard to say how useful it will really be until actually using it) and some that are not so good (such as the limit of 16 GB of RAM). I, however, will not be watching any of Apple's marketing videos. While I love Macs and will generally pick them over a Windows machines the majority of the time (except for certain situations such as a gaming computer), I can only take so much of the Apple marketing koolaid crap of "magical this" and "magical that". In the end, they are still just marketing videos that come from a very biased source (which is true of pretty much all marketing material). To that effect, I have not watched the MacBook Pro keynote and not sure if I will. I did watch the iPhone 7 event and was left rather unimpressed by the presentation. That is not to say that there were some nice upgrades/improvements to the iPhone 7 and other potentially nice new products (such as potentially the AirPods when they are finally released). What left me disappointed was essentially a 2 hour presentation that did not present enough new and innovative stuff to deserve a 2 hour presentation. It came across too much as a self-congradulatory marathon of "magic this" and "magic that"...AND most of it was not magic in my opinion. In the end, I just think that Apple has let itself get trapped in a self-absorbed and self-congradulatory bubble. Yes, they make excellent products that I prefer to use...most of the time...but they have gotten too caught up in their own marketing hype too often. But that is just me. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. People are angry about all the adapters required for the new line of MacBook Pro laptops, but thankfully Apple is temporarily reducing prices on those adapters and the LG 4K and 5K monitors. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Is Tim Cook really Steve Ballmer 2.0? (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy, Ep. 62) Steve Blank talks to us about how times have changed for Apple. The New MacBook Pros have the industry's fastest SSD, and Air Pods get delayed. Is Tim Cook really Steve Ballmer 2.0? (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy, Ep. 62) 0 Share: Tech Culture by Brian Tong November 4, 2016 4:25 PM PDT @briantong by Stephen Beacham November 4, 2016 4:25 PM PDT @stephenbeacham Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Subscribe to the Apple Byte Podcast iTunes MP3 | RSS MP3 | FeedBurner MP3 SoundCloud | Google Play | TuneIn iTunes video | RSS video | FeedBurner video YouTube | Livestream | Stitcher Extra Crunchy Podcast, Ep. 62 Your browser does not support the audio element. THE APPLE BYTE EXTRA CRUNCHY SHOW NOTES: Phone Interview with Steve Blank Why Tim Cook is Steve Ballmer and Why He Still Has His Job at Apple CMRA for Apple Watch Capture HD photo and video, always at your fingertips Chinese supply chain sources report Apple AirPods not shipping until January 2017 Apple iPhone Grabs 104% Of Smartphone Industry Profit In Q3 The iPhone 8 could have wireless charging MACBOOK PROS NEWS: Apple drops USB-C adapter prices after pushback from introducing MacBook Pros without USB-A ports, but not for long The worst thing about Apple's new MacBook Pro in two amazing pictures Apple's new MacBook Pro may be the world's fastest stock laptop New 15-inch MacBook Pro appears to offer fastest SSD performance on the market The Late 2016 entry-level 13″ MacBook Pro has a ridiculously fast SSD Professional Mac Users' Complaints List Grows After 'Disappointing' Apple Event Reports seemingly clarify Phil Schiller's explanation of why there's no 32GB MacBook Pro Touch Bar reportedly made by Samsung, as Apple tests OLED for main MacBook screens Phil Schiller: New MacBook Pro has more orders from Apple than any other pro model ever APPLE TV NEWS: Apple activates single sign-on for tvOS and iOS beta testers Second and Third-Generation Apple TV Models Not Working for Some Users SOCIAL NETWORKING: Tweet at Brian Tong on Twitter Tweet to Stephen Beacham on Twitter With contribution from Stephen Beacham. Tags Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Apple Byte Tech Culture Gadgets Related Stories Join us to celebrate the arrival of the winter issue of CNET Magazine! Comedian Bill Maher introduces Apple's stunning new gun See a hedgehog unlock an iPhone with its tiny paw Joe Biden is everyone's favorite Trump troll Close   Discuss: Is Tim Cook really Steve Ballmer 2.0? (Apple... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out life & style Search Love & Sex Well & Good Food & Wine Parenting Beauty Fashion Home & Property Weddings CuteStuff Puzzles Christmas BREAKING NEWS Live updates: Yesterday, you couldn't come to town, today you can't leave. Chaos in capital ... read more Will the death of the peach emojo change sexting forever? LEE SUCKLING Last updated 12:34, November 7 2016 To be fair, the new peach emoji does look more like an actual peach. "Save the asspeach emoji." That's the byline that accompanies the unofficial "save the peach emoji" Twitter account which emerged after Apple rolled out its re-designed food emoji.  Ass Peach is not just an emoji, it's a lifestyle. #IStandWithAssPeach— Save Our Peach (@SaveOurPeach) November 3, 2016 In case you're not up with your emoji game, the peach emoji was a universal symbol for booty. That's right. Bums, derrieres, rear ends, cheeks. Whatever you usually call them, you've never had to type the word out before. Predominately used in a sexting context, the peach emoji was unabashedly bottom-shaped. It was used to compliment lovers, and hopeful lovers too. There are also likely many examples out there of the peach being mis-used because it objectifies the recipient, and could very easily become sexual harassment. READ MORE: * The secret double meanings of emoji ​* Emotiki is the world's first Maori emoji keyboard * New Apple emoji include less threatening pistol, rainbow pride flag   Why exactly Apple has changed its food emoji line-up is unclear. Objectively, the peach emoji now actually looks like a real peach, so it's probably just good design. Ad Feedback But the sceptics of the interwebs are worried this is the beginning of conservative censorship of our online activity. Some are wondering if the eggplant emoji – commonly used when sexting about the size of a man's genitals – will be the next one to go. Flirting and organising hook-ups via smartphone is a part of modern existence. Emoji long-preceded geo-dating (the first emoji was said to be created in Japan in 1998 or 1999), and has always included food symbols. However, only in the Tinder/Grindr age have these food symbols been re-appropriated to mean different things. This isn't because we, smartphone users, have filthy minds. Unicode – the language that supports cross-platform emoji use – genuinely contains dozens of emoji that are sexually suggestive. Pull out your phone now and take a look at the eggplant, banana, corn, baguette, and hotdog emoji – all symbols that could easily be thought of as phallic. Likewise, there are cherries, a doughnut, a honey pot, and a taco in Unicode. Just use your imagination than think about how those could be used in a sexting context. Is the death of the peach emoji as we know it going to pave the way for a more censored, repressed online experience? Probably not. Sexters are innovative. Whether it's a finger emoji, a water symbol, a tulip or a lollypop, as long as you're creative there will always be a way to get sexually suggestive when your text thread is heating up.  - Stuff Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Love & Sex story: Prince Harry and the curse of the 'spare' prince life & style Homepage Comments Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake Live: Wild weather wallops Wellington Stranded cows rescued after becoming trapped on a quake island Quake causes floor to collapse in Statistics NZ's modern headquarters Little Pigeon Bay cottage smashed by tsunami waves Photos: Large earthquake hits NZ - the cleanup begins NZ earthquake: Flights out of Kaikoura to ramp up - but wait until Wednesday for Navy ships Alternative route between Christchurch and Picton established NZ quake: What you need to know - Tuesday Stranded Kaikoura tourists overwhelmed by generosity of locals as Army offers flights out Stranded cows rescued after becoming trapped on a quake island Little Pigeon Bay cottage smashed by tsunami waves Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake NZ earthquake: Flights out of Kaikoura to ramp up - but wait until Wednesday for Navy ships Photos: Large quake strikes New Zealand Live: Wild weather wallops Wellington Quake causes floor to collapse in Statistics NZ's modern headquarters How the quake thrust sea creatures out of the water Restless night as hundreds of aftershocks hit after 7.5 magnitude quake NZ quake: What you need to know - Tuesday special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null
null
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] Snapchat’s investors now include Google Capital Microsoft was working on a MacBook Touch Bar-like solution back in 1999 Rose Behar November 6, 2016 4:46pm While the OLED Touch Bar that graces Apple’s MacBook Pro 2016 has a whiff of the future about it, the actual concept of replacing traditional function keys with an adaptive solution has been around for a long time. Lenovo produced its own, more limited version of the Touch Bar in 2014 called the ThinkPad X1 Carbon. Ultimately, the laptop was a flop, but it turns out the manufacturer wasn’t alone in designing such a feature for the PC ecosystem. In fact, the Windows creator itself, Microsoft, was plotting its implementation of adaptive hardware since 1999. Something worth checking out, worked on this a while back. Especially, given recent tech news. @microsoft @surface : https://t.co/M08AoGAkF7 — Steven Bathiche (@sbathiche) October 29, 2016 The feature’s design iterations is the subject of a blog post from the Microsoft Applied Sciences Group, which was recently tweeted out by Steven Bathiche, the manager of that division. Microsoft’s take on adaptive hardware was conceived of in 1999 by Bathiche, who envisioned a keyboard “that displays the active action keys and hides the irrelevant keys for a given application, application mode, and application state,” sketching a paper prototype in his notebook (pictured above). After that Bathiche and various team members went through multiple prototypes, using a number of different display and projection tactics. In 2009, the research team put together a prototype fairly similar to Apple’s Touch Bar, featuring a large, touch-sensitive display strip resting atop the keyboard. When questioned on Twitter as to why Microsoft’s concept never made it to reality, Bathiche replied: “We did not build computers back then, and when we did start, we made computers with touch screens.” With this, of course, he refers to the Surface, which pioneered an entirely new vision of the future for on-the-go computer users: the 2-in-1 tablet-laptop hybrid. The two very different approaches to touchscreen technology aren’t surprising considering the stark contrast between the two companies, but it’ll be interesting to see which tech giant eventually wins out. Related: Microsoft will detail its affordable headsets in December SourceMicrosoft ViaThe Verge Jason Maybe they also didn’t do it because for anything to be successful it needs third party support and I can see touchbars being super proprietary and really wouldn’t have much use BetelgeuseOrion J**********t your research is lacking, “Microsoft’s concept never made it to reality” <– WTF? google "Microsoft Slideshow" for windows Vista, they had this back in 2007 oems made the laptops and incorporated the secondary touch screen in whatever ways they saw fit. i even played with an Asus laptop model that had it. Shoey5 Like Most Apple “inventions” it’s been done before, beyond that concept video there were devices on the market doing it. It’s Me When did Apple say they invented it? I love windmills. Seems to be a lot of them around these days. Driving people nuts. Shoey5 So you admit they rip off other peoples ideas 🙂 They always project new offerings as if they were the first to come up with it and the unintelligent masses believe it. BTW, where did I say they claimed to have invented it? It’s Me No, I think some people are delusional. For example, some people love to criticize Apple for saying they invented something, though Apple never said they invented it. It’s sort of a weird neurosis. Shoey5 Like I said they project things as if they invented it and the unintelligent masses believe it. It’s Me Doesn’t really matter. Those that need to invent reasons to hate will invent reasons to hate. It’s weird but it’s real. Shoey5 Hold on a second here. My original comment in reference to this article was to point out that there were a number of touch panels on the market and you took offence for some reason and you are telling that I need to invent reasons to hate? It’s Me LOL, no offence. Just find some things amusing. Shoey5 to the fact that I was trying to point out it’s nothing new? It’s Me More of the accusatory tone. Shoey5 Though that would only apply if it wasn’t a fact that Apple has tried to rip off other people’s work in the past 🙂 I still think your more offended at the fact that it’s in reference to Apple 🙂 Mr Dog See it likes this. Apple has never invented something new. They take existing ideas and make it so much better than what existed that to most people it seems new. Were there touch bars on the market before? Yes Were they anywhere close to what Apple put in the Macbooks? No And thinking they are the same is just sillly. Show me one Touch Bar on the market that is even close to as nice as this Touch Bar or has anywhere close to as much support as this already has. Shoey5 Removing headphone jack was such an improvement and so are all those dongles. Apple is worse than the Microsoft of the early nineties. What they are good at is bs marketing for you to believe that crap. Mr Dog Wow. Can’t argue the points so just go off topic? Shoey5 ??? I gave you two recent examples about how your “Apple makes it better” is a crock of …. How is that off topic? Mr Dog Yes, because we are talking about the Touch Bar and this entire article is about the Touch Bar. If you want to talk about Apples decision to remove the headphone jack then we can have that separately and is not related here. That is a whole different conversation. I said Apple doesnt invent, they take exsisting ideas and makes them so much better. To counter your argument of you saying Apple doesnt invent and this has been done before, I then also asked to show me something even close to similar to the Touch Bar and even close to the integration that Apple has accomplished with it. Shoey5 Didn’t you say that Apple takes existing (implying not touch touch) ideas and makes it better? Mr Dog Is that the only line you read? If you read the rest of the post, you will see it was in context and referring to specifically the Touch Bar in this case. I never said Apple is perfect nor that everything they do is brilliant. I am saying that: Although they did not invent the Touch Bar it’s implementation is FAR superior to any other Touch Bar because this article is about the Touch Bar and your original post is about the Touch Bar. Talking about random other topics is just useless, I can also state random good things that Apple did but it does not prove the point. Shoey5 How is it far superior? Mr Dog Because it is capable of more, out of the box, than any other of the touch bars. Because on release it has more support than any other touch bar has had in the past. It is easily customizable. All other ‘Touch Bars’ are mostly static with very limited real world uses. Someone has yet to show me a examples of touch bars similar to Apples implementation Shoey5 How is it more capable out of the box? What kind of support does it have over out touch panels? how is it more easily customizable? What are you comparing it to? Mr Dog LOL Ok lets start from the beginning You said: Like Most Apple “inventions” it’s been done before, beyond that concept video there were devices on the market doing it. I Said: It has been done before but not the the level Apple Has I am assuming when you said ‘it’s been done before’. You were referring to other Laptop manufactures that has released laptops with ‘Touch Bars’, correct? So now you tell me, which laptops were you referring to that ‘its been done before’ and then I will answer the rest of your questions. Shoey5 Good, so now lets be really honest, you talked like an Apple Fanboy with the assumption that it must be better. You then went to check after making your claims, realized there was some very cool implementations so fell back on the laptop ignoring my original post that it’s been done before. Mr Dog No, I am speaking after researching and seeing that all of them are pretty much useless. You are the one that sounds like your talking out of your a**, because you still have not provided a SINGLE example of a touch bar on existing laptops. And my reasoning is because you know they are all crap. I do not want to talk about imaginary products that you found, so before we continue this discussion I want to know what Touch Bars you have seen that are similar to this. Because all the ones I have seen do not come even close to competing. Shoey5 Sorry but I don’t think you did 🙂 There aren’t many touch panel laptops you know why, because except for Apple, everyone has a full touch screen…the ultimate touch panel! Don’t worry if Apple ever decides to release a Macbook with a touch screen, you’ll be raving about it then. Mr Dog lol again going off topic and insulting me. So it is settled. Apple’s implementation of the Touch Bar is worlds superior to what ever existing implementations are out there. Shoey5 No. There are implementations of keyboards that are way cooler. I pointed out that it’s irrelevant for laptops because they have touch which is far superior and I wasn’t insulting you, I was merely stating a fact based on your responses which we will be able to confirm once (if) ever Apple decides to eat their words and release a touch screen laptop. Mr Dog But we are not comparing Touch screens to the Touch Bar. Your original statement was that apple did not invent the Touch Bar, so this entire conversation has been about touch bars. If you want to talk about the applications of Touch Screens on Laptops and their advantages and disadvantages we can get to that after as well but do not change the topic because you cant argue the point. Shoey5 And NO they didn’t! There have been keyboards configurable touch before Apple and they never went to non-apple laptops because they evolved to full touch screens. Why is this so complicated? Mr Dog You keep saying there have been configurable keyboard but have yet to provide an example lol. Lets gather together what we agree on: – Apple did not invent the Touch Bar – To this day Apple’s implementation of the Touch Bar is far superior to others – Others chose not to pursue the Touch Bar because they went with Touch Screens. That summarize everything correctly? Shoey5 Yes Google them. Try razer Mr Dog Great example. Now tell me how many apps it supports other than the generic social media ones and a handful of games. Before the Apple Touch Bar is even released it has more support from Apple & 3rd party developers then the Razer has had in the past 3 – 4 years. Shoey5 It’s customizable, you can configure it to work with anything….macros as I’m sure someone will allow the Apple one to do that as well. With that said, absolutely your correct, there isn’t a lot of built in support for it…. probably because people didn’t find any use in these devices vs touch. The point was, it’s been done before, and for several years earlier, you have to admit, it’s a much cooler implementation with the added screen. The Iceman Cometh He’s right. Generally they have been very adept at taking existing ideas and concepts and putting them to quite practical use. Perhaps this latest MacBook iteration isn’t their finest example of such or the removal of a headphone jack on an iPhone but for people like myself who’ve been using BT headphones for the past couple years, it’s really neither here nor there. If you don’t like the offerings then don’t buy them. Shoey5 Agree with you in the early Apple resurgence but in recent years, their motivation has been more with appeasing shareholders by finding ways to gouge users due to lagging market share over innovating for the consumers. btw. The age old Apple user mindset, sure they removed the headphone jack but I use BT….who needs copy and paste…yeah we have copy and paste….who needs a stylus, yeah we have a pencil…who needs mobile payments I have a wallet….yeah we have nfc payments….. 🙂 It’s Me Can’t have a smartphone without a physical keyboard, ok no physical keyboard. Who needs such a big display, oh the iPhone display is too small. Don’t need an App Store, oh great we have an App Store. Retina display is a gimmick, oh I love my high density display. No one wants to talk to their phone, I’m loving google Now. Finger print sensors are a joke, I love using finger print sensor to unlock my phone. Apple Pay is just copying NFC payments we had for years, gee I wish we could use Android Pay or Samsung pay instead of the crappy NFC payments we’ve had for years. Shoey5 ….ah nice try but nah It’s Me Each and every one a fact. They are ridiculous though, aren’t they. Hindsight makes people forget. Shoey5 Problem with yours is there were devices before the iPhone got them. Um well except Retina cause that was just a made up marketing term from none other then Apple 🙂 It’s Me Irrelevant really. Whether anyone had them before or not, those were the criticisms of the day, as ridiculous as they seem in hindsight. Somethings never change. Shoey5 I don’t recall anyone I know bitching about it, most were saying why are Apple users raving about this stuff, I’ve had it for a while…well except for my Apple fanboy friends. It’s Me Really? Most of your friends had a usable App Store before Apple? Most had phones without physical keyboards before Apple? Most had high DPI before Apple had retina? Most had non-shitty NFC payments they’d prefer over something usable like Apple Pay/Android Pay/Samsung Pay? Most had usable and not-shitty finger print sensors? Most had displays as large as the original iPhone before the iPhone? I’m not saying these things didn’t exist before the iPhone, clearly they did. But to even pretend (I hope you are pretending) that most people had them before being introduced on the iPhone is silly. Like I said, hindsight is great. People even forget ridiculous criticisms that were made. Shoey5 Most of my friends are highly technical and had smartphones long before the iPhone and probably even before you knew what the concept was. And yes there were App stores. And while these things weren’t as developed as they are today,, they were amazing for the time and manufactured by companies that saw the future long before Apple got involved or it’s users who seem to re-write history due to lack of knowledge or appreciate for the original innovators who don’t’ get the credit for what has evolved to today. It’s Me LMFAO. I’m a software developer working for a company that’s been working with smartphone vendors since before people called them smartphones. I’m sitting in a former BB building as a write this surrounded by former BB devs. Please don’t try the “my friends are technical” BS with me. The fact is that no, none of those were common place, in any sense. Name a few phones pre-iPhone that had App Stores, high DPI, usable finer print and/or NFC payments (on par with Apple Pay, Samsung pay or android pay) or phones without physical keyboards. If you google hard enough, you’ll probably post a few that had one or two but not many. Certainly not enough that most of your friends were all using them. Shoey5 …and the fact that you are a software dev and don’t know this stuff means either ___ a. You are junior b. You are, what my technical friend (and myself) would refer to (in polite terms) not a very good developer. c. All of the above. ie, you should know this stuff already. It’s Me Senior enough to know BS when I see it. If you need to make stuff up you’ve already jumped the shark. Shoey5 That would make it B. Sorry but if you don’t know this stuff your either too young or not very senior. It’s Me What stuff? Your fictional friends that all had fictional phones? Sorry, sure don’t know that stuff. What’s the matter, google not bringing up any hits for you try? Try harder. Dishonesty shouldn’t be your last resort, let alone your goto response. Shoey5 Are you freaking serious! Go look up Palm, Symbian and Windows Mobile, then go look up software repositories (app stores) for those platforms. It’s Me Really? Every one software repositories, not that many were used. Why not claim Usenet ffs? That’s isn’t the same as an App Store. The closest one to a usable App Store before Apple was sidekick. I actually don’t doubt your friends were using that. Seems about the right speed. And that’s the best you have? How many had high DPI or displays as large as the original iPhone? How many had no physical keyboard? How many had usable finger print sensors? How many had usable NFC payment system that didn’t suck? You’re not even using google right to dig up some semblance of backing up your claim. Shoey5 Because those App Repositories had app categories with both free/paid apps. They were the model for the App stores we have today. Many of those devices didn’t have physical keyboards and many had larger screens then the original iPhone. None had usable finger print scanners back then (actually I recall a few did (swipe type) none had NFC (wasn’t evented yet) but you know what, neither did the original iPhone that came out many years after these devices. Look, you obviously aren’t aware of what was available before the iPhone. Based on your responses, you don’t even have a clue, so why are you even trying? It’s Me Pfft, so many that after hours of google searching you sill can’t nail down even one model. A list of every brand from back in the day doesn’t say anyway..well, it does say you’re almost ready to admit you were talking out of your a$$ again 😉 …but not quite yet I’m guessing. I get it, you got caught spewing the same BS and you’re embarrassed. That’s ok. It’s expected. Liars never like it when they’re caught lying. Shoey5 I figured you’d be smart enough to research them and learn something….and I didn’t have to look these up because I’ve owned devices from E-Ten, O2, iMate. I’m sorry but you’re proving that stereo typical Apple user. And you know what’s really awesome, at some point, old-timers who had these devices are going to read your comments, and shake their head while they have those nostalgic memories of own their devices. It’s Me So, still can’t name even a single model? Just more random brands (bonus points for finding obscure brands no one used). It’s been hours. Can’t you google even one? I expect you can find at least one, even if it’s some unit that sold like 3 units, all of them to you and your “friends”. Can you ask one of your super technical “friends” on how to use google? They actually do searches really, really well. You should take a course. Of those magical brands, which ones, before the iPhone, were you using that had a larger screen than the iPhone (and hopefully capacitive), no keyboard and an App Store? This is getting kind of comical. Shoey5 They were very popular brands capacitive wasn’t invented yet, they were resistive but a few capacitives hit the market before the iPhone. On top of the fact that you’re trying to compare specs with devices that were out many years prior, you are being rude, arguing facts without full knowledge of what was even available, and therefore being a typical Apple user. It’s Me They were very popular brands capacitive wasn’t invented yet, they were resistive but a few capacitives hit the market before the iPhone. On top of the fact that you’re trying to compare specs with devices that were out many years prior, you are being rude, arguing facts without full knowledge of what was even available, and therefore being a typical Apple user. You know what, I no longer think you are intentionally lying (completely). Partly I think you are just ignorant. Capacitive touch wasn’t invented yet? Unless your fictional smart phone was made before the 1980s, yeah capacitive touch had been invented. Not commonly used on phones until the iPhone, sure, but certainly invented decades before. I’m not trying to compare to phones that were many years old. That was you genius! You said all your many “technical” friends were using phones with all these features before the iphone and that even you owned many of these fantasy phones. But now you are whining that it’s unfair that you brought them up because they were too old to have those features..on that we agree. They were too old before the iPhone. Then everyone jumped on boards. The dim lights then got kind of confused and in hind sight thought all the features that the iPhone brought together were common and popular before. Shoey5 I am referring to it as a technology being useable in phones of the era. You are comparing phones, you’re trying to compare specs NFC, Capacitive of an iPhone to phones released many years prior. And yes, before you even knew it was possible, I was sending emails, rdping to servers, connecting vpn, playing games, keeping notes, ip calcs, packet sniffers, had a voice assistant etc which I downloaded free+purchase from app stores….P3 something, XDA 2, Something Jam…. It’s Me More [weak] excuses. To be expected. Look if you want to go back, again, to seeing who was more technical back in the day, let’s do that. Early 90s I was doing my AdvHons math degree in computer science at the best compsci school in Canada. Since then I’ve spend decades working in R&D at some of the most well known tech companies operating in Canada. What were you doing besides playing games and making up stories? All of which is irrelevant. That is to say, mine’s bigger so stop trying to act like you know something based on nothing. You’ve embarrassed yourself enough for one day. Shoey5 Makes it very surprising that you are unware of all this stuff that was happening before the iPhone. Also surprised at your age, thought you were a teenager by your responses and lack of knowledge. My jobs are pretty much cleaning up the f’ups left behind by other people, most of those people think they know everything and in fact usually know nothing. It’s entirely possible we may have indirectly worked together on the same project. BTW, I did It’s Me IT monkey? I’m guessing IT monkey. I love when IT monkey get upset that the developers are brighter than them. It’s like they blame the devs that they weren’t bright enough to get into a good school. But hey, IT is better than flipping burgers or cleaning toilets, amirite? If we ever worked together I am sure it would have been one of the less successful endeavour (but those can be the most fun too). Ignorant of what? You keep making claims but can’t defend any of them. Shoey5 Done coding jobs (not my strong point), networking, infrastructure, design, yes even IT monkey. Also know some really amazing devs friends who also were into smartphones before they became mainstream and when they see your posts, they are going to laugh and laugh and laugh like the guys and gals in your office when you turn around. You do have an office right? Your not one of those people that hangs around in Starbucks pretending he’s Steve Jobs? It’s Me Figured. IT monkey fits. Shoey5 Which is pretty sad considering I know this stuff and you don’t. They’ll pretty much react the same way as your co-workers do behind your back It’s Me More than sad. Pathetic really. Liars usually are. Shoey5 You know what the really sad thing is, if you go up this thread a bit, you can actually see the point where you realized you were wrong you and how bad you got schooled. It’s the same point where you started acting like a little child having a big temper tantrum. It’s Me When was that? Was it when I asked you to name even a single phone and you couldn’t? Was it when you finally conceded you were full of crap and started whining about it being unfair to ask for you to name even one phone you claimed all your friends used because they were too old? Was it when you kept trying to show off your limited technical experience? What I recall from earlier is seeing that you were embarrassed by getting caught lying. Seems like you’re still lashing out. Found a phone on google yet? LMFAO. Shoey5 No way before that It’s Me Way before that when? It’s funny, you get caught lying, throw a tantrum, coyly admit to being wrong but continue with the tantrum. And when repeatedly called out on it, you try to project your behaviour on to me. It’s cute. Shows a bit of a developmental delay but good for you for making it this far. Shoey5 Before I listed some models It’s Me You mean when you couldn’t name even one model? You listed some brands but couldn’t find any models, remember? It’s too early to be high. Do Do Same could be said for fanboys that consider any new iteration created by Apple as a new invention. Specifically Brad whatever his name is (I’m sure you know him). He said exactly that. In fact I asked him, so using your logic any sku in an apple store is a new invention? He suggested it was because “Apple” did it. If you want look, it’s posted. Haters are bad, fanboys are worse. It’s Me Why would I care what Brad said and how does validate making things up? BTW, it’s doesn’t take a fan boy to point out criticisms that are based on fiction. I get it, you really want everyone to think you are an anti-fanboy. But at least understand the conversation before jumping in. Pointing out dishonesty is never wrong, but it sure seems to be a dog whistle for you. Do Do LOL When you point out one negative about apple, ever, ill begin to respect your opinion about apple. Anti fanboy? Yes I’ve proven it reapeatedly. You’ve proven you’re an apple fanboy repeatedly. Then try to explain that there’s enough apple haters that your negative apple comments aren’t needed. From what i can see there’s fanboys and haters for all these companies. Why do you have no rouble being critical of companies who aren’t apple? And really you didnt get the point about Brad? Read it again and besides, I’m not sure youre not the same guys. It’s Me What kind of weak willed and insecure person would say things just to prove something to others? I get it, I really do. You were previously accused of being a fanboy so you felt the need to prove you aren’t, even if it means making confused inappropriate accusations. Now it’s just who you are. You actually remind me a lot of one of my best friends in university, back when he was still closeted. He constantly had to mention that he had a girlfriend at really inappropriate and weird times. He’s even make accusations about others he thought were also closeted. Thankfully, he eventually outgrew the need to prove something to others. Until he grew up, it was a case of protesting too much. His name was Brian. Is your name Brian? Do Do Wow I really got to you about being a fanboy if you’re now suggesting I might be ga$. Lol. And you want talk about “weak willed”? I thought I was debating with an adult about your hypocrisy and you apparently felt the need to call the other guy ga$ even if it was through innuendo because I guess you didnt like being uncloseted about your fanboy embarrassment. With friends like you, I can see why your so called friend wanted to stay in the closet. Anyway, you’re a fanboy, incapable of critical thinking when it comes to Apple, don’t like it being pointed out tsk tsk, suc$ on a lemmon or look up your friend Brian and maybe you can work out something else to suc$. It’s Me I didn’t imply that at all. I implied you were weak willed like he used to be, with a similar insecurity to prove yourself to others. He grew up and stopped trying to prove things to others. He’s a much happier person now. But keep protesting. I’m sure you are convincing yourself. Or, here’s a little test. Try going a week, or even a month, without resorting to the last-resort, out of arguments, got nothing to say copout of “fanboy”. See if you can do that. Prove you aren’t trying to prove yourself. Billy-Ray Boychuk Your use of the word ‘inventions’ in your first sentence…? Shoey5 not the context I meant it in, but good point 🙂 Pingback: Microsoft was working on a MacBook Touch Bar-type solution back in 1999 | nrt3() Smanny First of all the technology wasn’t even around back in 1999. The fastest chips to drive a display back then came in a number of chips. Not to mention they were huge chips back then. The other thing was OLED displays were not around. Let alone offering the high resolutions that were needed. So to say that Microsoft was working on a touch bar solution is clearly not the same as actually having it. Shoey5 Which makes it even more impressive when a company has the foresight…unlike Apple who just rips off other peoples ideas…not to mention there were keyboards with touch screen included keyboards long before Apple. monkeymo Toshiba trackpads in 2005 were doing it, they had a dedicated chip that ran the lcd trackpad that had a few features like a calculator, volume control and other dialers AKLC I think you misread what they said. 1999, Bathiche envisioned a keyboard with changing action keys on it according to different programs. It wasn’t until 2009, when they build a prototype of it. Raj Singh The one Microsoft was working on looks better than the one that’s shipping on Apple’s new laptops. The strip is way too small and the fact that you have to look away from the screen to register contextual inputs is a fail, in my opinion. Omar It’s a gimmick, nothing more. Why not just have a full touchscreen on the laptop, like most laptops have now? I guess it wouldn’t be hipster enough, since everybody’s doing it. RandomOne2 The whole new MacBook lineup is crappy gimmick. I need the ports and don’t want to take a doc or hub everywhere I go. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Ballmer says he and Gates disagreed on the hardware business By Christopher White News Editor Neowin LLC @fezmid · Nov 6, 2016 with 45 comments A decade ago, Microsoft had little to do with physical hardware devices that weren't called Xbox 360. While Apple was building their own phones and computers, Microsoft stuck with the software that powered PCs and office productivity across the world. According to a recent interview with Bloomberg, Ballmer says that he and Bill Gates drifted apart due to disagreements on what the company should do. Gates and Microsoft's Board of Directors were hesitant to try duplicating Apple's model of creating both the operating system and that platform itself, whether it be on a PC or a mobile device. Ballmer, on the other hand, says he was the one who pushed the company into the hardware business, stating the Surface brand was especially important to him. His only regret? Not getting into that business sooner. Despite the $900 million writedown of the Surface RT, the Surface line is now profitable with $4B in sales for the current year. Ballmer is also disappointed that he wasn't able to come up with the idea of subsidized mobile devices, the tactic that helped Apple propel the iPhone into a market leader. From a personal perspective, Ballmer says he and Gates have drifted apart over the years. The two started off as friends, but Microsoft was the glue that kept the two together and now that Ballmer has left and is busy running the Los Angeles Clippers, the two don't speak often. Source: Bloomberg Tags Microsoft Ballmer Gates Hardware Surface Windows phone Tablets Phones Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story The 'GM 5' is an Android One device with Android 7.0 Nougat Next Story Samsung's Galaxy S8 will feature a new AI assistant, from the makers of Siri Community Activity Refresh Alienware GM: Microsoft moved away from gamers with Windows 8; Windows 10 changed everything in Front Page News Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future in Front Page News Toys"R"Us reveals the price of the Nintendo Switch in Front Page News Amazon Music Unlimited launches in the UK in Front Page News Microsoft (prematurely) announces Visual Studio for Mac in Front Page News Oppomart reveals alleged pricing of upcoming OnePlus 3T in Front Page News VMware Workstation Player 12.5.2 in Front Page News Apple seeds third Developer Betas of iOS 10.2, macOS 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 in Front Page News Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Microsoft Surface anticipation, Google galore, and Samsung's fiery fiasco Oct 8, 2016 7 Days: A week of Nougat, more Anniversary Update issues, and Manbang Aug 27, 2016 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of gaming goodness, Windows phone frustration, and the rise of Redstone 2 Aug 13, 2016 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of Microsoft mobiles, Apple's sales slide, and Windows 10 anticipation Jul 30, 2016 · Hot! deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.00 94% off Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp $5,207.00 $45.00 99% off Pay What You Want: Ethical Hacker & Pentester Pro Bundle $1,431.00 $1.00 100% off Show Comments 45 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first Sort by newest first Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
    Search  Horoscope India Politics Crime All India World South Asia Asia Middle East Africa Europe Americas Oceania Metros Delhi Kolkata Mumbai In Other Cities Business Economy Market Companies Autos In Other News Opinion Edit Oped Columnists Interview of the Week Reporter's Diary The Age Debate Here and Now Sports Cricket Tennis Football In Other sports Technology Mobiles & Tabs Gadgets In Other news Reviews Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Movie Reviews TV Music In Other News Photos Life Health Fashion Food Travel Art Relationship More Features Newsmakers Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks    e-Paper | Age on Sunday  Auto Refresh  Search   Horoscope Tuesday, Nov 15, 2016 | Last Update : 05:53 AM IST Home India World Metros Business Opinion Sports Technology Entertainment Photos Life Newsmakers More   Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks Business Apple seeks easier norms for factory PTI Published : Nov 7, 2016, 1:42 am IST Updated : Nov 7, 2016, 1:42 am IST US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country.  WDF_894669 (2).jpg US-based iPhone maker Apple has sought incentives from the government to set up a manufacturing unit in the country. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives related to the Department of Revenue and Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeITY), an official said. “They are doing their due diligence from quite some time. “The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will write to both the departments regarding this communication for their views,” the official added. At present, to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, the government provides benefits under Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS). The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apple products are manufactured in six countries including Korea, Japan and the US. Apple’s communication regarding setting up of a manufacturing unit assumes significance as the Finance Ministry in May had rejected relaxing the 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms, as sought by the iPhone and iPad maker as a pre-condition for bringing in FDI to set up single-brand retail stores in the country. The company had sought exemption on the ground that it makes state-of-the-art and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had also turned down the firm’s proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. Location: India, Delhi, New Delhi MOST POPULAR 1 Game on! Watch Varun and kids perfecting the 'mannequin challenge' 2 I was only looking for a fling with Akshay: Twinkle Khanna 3 Apple is preparing to launch 12.9-inch iPad in March 4 Watch: Old lady tells off Priyanka Chopra for trying to be helpful 5 Five decades and 200 films later, Jackie Chan 'finally' wins Oscar more Columnist Rajiv Bhatia Asia’s natural allies? Both India and Japan seem to have shown flexibility to ensure a positive outcome. Ashok Malik India, Trump and the future matrix It is important to understand that Mr Trump has not killed globalisation or international trade. Farrukh Dhondy America’s eccentric elephant in the room Mr Trump’s pronouncements seemed to make it permissible to be verbally racist, misogynist, homophobic and xenophobic. Pradeep S. Mehta & Udai S. Mehta India’s ease of doing biz isn’t just about permits When the World Bank’s ease of doing business rankings showed that India has only gone up by one notch from 131 to 130, it sent the whole government into a tizzy. more Editors' Picks Watch: Old lady tells off Priyanka Chopra for trying to be helpful Not bothered by note ban, I don't have money: Aamir Priyanka Chopra knows how to take on internet body shamers SBI gets Rs 53,000 crore deposits till midday after demonetisation ASUS Zenfone 3 Max (ZC553KL) review: A mid-range workhorse more Home Deccan Chronicle Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 The Asian Age. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: The Asian Age Daksh Patrika By Daksham
Sunday, November 6, 2016 [Tweets] [Favorites] Scriptarian Matt Rajca (tweet): Scriptarian allows you to easily automate macOS using the Swift programming language, providing a modern alternative to AppleScript. […] Scriptarian uses a multitude of heuristics and transformation passes to ensure AppleScript naming conventions map nicely to Swift. For example, the property name uses ssl gets imported as usesSSL, url string gets imported as urlString, and the class name PXCanvasDocument gets imported as CanvasDocument. […] In addition to full support for the Swift Standard Library, Scriptarian includes ScriptingKit, a scripting framework we built from the ground up with Swift in mind. It lets you communicate with any AppleScript-enabled app and even provides various utility functions for speech synthesis, sound playback, file management, process management, and more. There’s no trial version, but it’s only $10. Ed Cormany: There’s a 100% chance Apple either Sherlocks this or buys it, strips it down, and ships it as Script Editor 3.0. Hamish Sanderson sees potential: I love the idea of Scriptarian: a clean, simple out-of-the-box alternative to Script Editor + AppleScript that “Just Works”. The minimal featureset is quite acceptable considering it’s only $10; by comparison, Script Debugger 6 is $100, down from $200, which is still not unreasonable for a “pro” tool. But has some concerns: And this one’s the deal-killer: For any software that claims to provide a modern alternative to AppleScript, everything hinges upon how well its application scripting support, a.k.a. Apple event bridge, works compared to AppleScript. And Swiftarian’s AE bridge is rubbish. […] Whether an Apple event bridge has any chance of working right depends 100% on whether or not its authors realize that application scripting is far more closely related to relational databases and SQL than it ever will be to Cocoa and Swift. Again, I have some sympathy for Swiftarian, since even Apple's own AppleScript alternatives, ScriptingBridge and JavaScript for Automation, are crippled, incompetent garbage, while Apple documentation at best leaves you with no clue about how this stuff works and at worst gives you an understanding of it that is 100% wrong. OTOH, even a cursory study of history would've found that this is hardly a new problem and there are numerous previous attempts, both good and bad, from which to learn: Frontier, AppleScript, Mac::Glue, aetools+gensuitemodule, JavaScriptOSA, aeve, appscript, ScriptingBridge, RubyOSA, and so on. RupturedHeartTheory: If the first thing I notice about this app is that it’s more than twice the size than the developer claims that it is, I’m bound to get confused. I can’t see any reason for a developer to claim a thing like this if it’s not the truth. Then I notice that it’s kinda slow, but hey, it’s a work in progress, so I really don’t mind that. And it’s probably faster if I compile it first… Oh, the second claim about the app “Scriptarian can compile your scripts into native executables” is also not true. I seriously can’t understand why you would advertise features that isn’t working in the state you are selling it. And apparently it will work in the next update, then please write that it will work, not that it actually works. I still think that this is a great idea, and worth my $10, but it really needs some tweaks on how the developer is trying to sell it. AppleScript LLDB Mac Mac App macOS 10.12 Sierra Programming Scriptarian Swift Programming Language 8 Comments 8 Comments has November 6, 2016 1:39 PM Obligatory: SwiftAutomation. Descends from appscript so has the proven pedigree, but to succeed Apple needs to adopt it and include it in macOS. Let them know you want it. Lukas November 6, 2016 1:56 PM "There’s a 100% chance Apple either Sherlocks this or buys it, strips it down, and ships it as Script Editor 3.0." 90s Apple, the company that cared about creative productivity software: sure. 2010 Apple, the consumer electronics giant: why should they bother? Michael Tsai November 6, 2016 2:07 PM @Lukas Yep, I just don’t think Apple is that interested in this area. has November 6, 2016 2:33 PM @Michael: Ironically, with Siri and voice control, Apple clearly does have a serious interest in non-graphical UIs. What it doesn't have is joined-up thinking skills. someone November 7, 2016 5:16 AM Curiously nobody is mentioning the fact that; since the Swift language is unstable, the scripts will probably break with the next Swift language update. I don't trust Apple when they say Swift 4.0 will not break Swift 3.0 code; if you do trust them, then this is not a problem to consider until you're eventually hit by it. has November 8, 2016 7:03 AM @someone: That's maybe only #73 on the list of Top 100 Ways That Swift is a Pain in the Ass, and applies to all Swift code, not just 'scripts'. At least it's only once a year; if only that could be said of the myriad Swift issues that plague us daily. Stick to ObjC/AppleScript for now if you've better things to do with your time than chase the shiny; they're legacy but they're stable. someone November 9, 2016 5:46 AM @has I would rank it a bit higher in the list because APIs not being stable is not an issue after your code has been compiled. But it is for shell scripts which are evaluated by default by the latest version of the swift "runtime" (this can be fixed with the shebang). Follow The Script – Under The Bridge November 12, 2016 7:41 AM […] “allows you to easily automate macOS using the Swift programming language, providing a modern alternative to […] Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2016 Michael Tsai.
null
NEWS AROUND THE WEB SPORTS NETCASTS POLITICS Election Resources Election Polls Election Opinion Behind the Scene OPINION To the Editor Central Tech Store Offers Classes to Students 0 NewsNovember 6, 2016 A+ A- Email Print Posted by Elisabeth Slay Photo: Two Central Tech Store employees talk in the back of the store. The Central Tech Store has been offering classes and events concerning technological education this semester. Photo by Jessi Sanchez, The Vista. The new Central Tech Store on the second floor of the Nigh University Center is holding classes and events educating students on certain aspects of technology. According to Central Tech Store Manager David Krone, students have had the opportunity to learn about computers in the store since October.  “We kind of choose a subject to go over in the month, and we… choose the Apple side of that subject, and we correlate that with the Windows side of that subject. So for the month of October, we wanted to just start with the basics,” Krone said. Are you as excited for the new Battlefield as we are? Battlefield 1 now in stock at the Central Tech Store! pic.twitter.com/zib5E2k2lY — Tech Store (@UCOtechstore) October 26, 2016 Krone said the classes are for people who need to learn the overall foundation and basics of the technology they decide to use.  “We had a Mac basics class and a Windows basics class. It kind of is just to go over just starting as if you’ve never used a Windows before or you’ve never used a Mac. So just kind of navigating through the software system,” Krone said.  Krone said during first month of operation the Tech Store did not have a lot of attendance in their classes. “We’re advertising it the best we can, but since it’s still so new, I think a lot of students don’t really know where it’s at yet, and so we’re kind of still working on getting that message out,” Krone said. The store decided to have these classes as a way to demonstrate to students at the University of Central Oklahoma the types of services they could utilize. “I think it just falls back onto that we’re actually a UCO entity, you know; we’re run by the UCO Information of Technology—kind of our number one goal is to be that student service,” Krone said. This class is a way in which the store could educate students on devices they have to use frequently in a world of modern technology. “This was kind of an idea on how we can be a better service for the students and get them more in touch with technology. It’s so important in today’s world, especially in today’s educational world,” Krone said. In the coming weeks, Krone said the store is going to have more classes regarding Apple and Windows cell phones.   “For this month we are actually going to dive more into the mobile, so we’ll have like the IOS [and] iPads … We’ve got a lot of basic trouble shooting in here, so we’re going to educate people on how to get through that basic troubleshooting,” Krone said.   Attention faculty the Tech Store is now selling Cisco office phones for the University! pic.twitter.com/E0hjX33MZK — Tech Store (@UCOtechstore) October 12, 2016 In addition to these classes, the new Central Tech store has partnered up with various student organizations. “We’ve always had great partnerships with different departments on campus and different offices, but one thing I have been excited about since opening up has been our partnership with student organizations,” Krone said. The store has been in alliance with numerous student-run organizations, including the Student Programming Board and Student Freshmen Programming Board. “We’ve also got some events planned where student organizations are going to be able to come into the store and use our displays to kind of host their events and have fun with that,” Krone said. According to Central Tech Store student worker Halen Grounds, since the store’s opening the customer and profit flow have been relatively positive. “We have seen high [customer] traffic, and sales have gone through the roof. Now we’re on track and keeping up with other big college stores,” Grounds said.  According to Grounds, students have enjoyed the atmosphere of the store because it is larger and has more space for certain amenities. “We’re more open, and we have those chairs at the front of the store. We hope it’ll be more like a hang-out rather than a place to walk in and buy a computer,” Grounds said. Like to share? Newer PostUCOSA Gives Free T-shirts to Student Voters Older PostAK-47 Allegations on Campus Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Search… OPINION #RepealtheBillofRights 0November 8, 2016 The UCO Faithful…Or Unfaithful? 1November 1, 2016 Do Women have Sovereignty over Their Bodies? 0October 12, 2016 Terance Crutcher’s Death is The Final Straw For Russell Westbrook 0September 28, 2016 Stand for Patriotism, Kneel for Liberty 2September 19, 2016 Tweets by @UCentralMedia UCentral Student Media 405.974.2589 info@ucentralmedia.com 100 N University Drive Box 196 Edmond, OK 73034 © 2016 UCentral Media Log In Equipment Reservations Work Application - The Vista Work Application - UCentral About Advertise The Vista (current issue) The Vista (archived issues) The UCentral Media website is posted/published as a news, information, and entertainment public forum by UCO students. Opinions, editorials, graphics, reviews, commentaries, audio, photographs and/or videos published on this site (ucentralmedia.com) represent the views of the student creator and not necessarily the views of UCentral Student Media, the Department of Mass Communication, the University of Central Oklahoma or Regional University System of Oklahoma and Oklahoma State Regents of Higher Education. UCentral and its media outlets are not an official medium for the aforementioned regent offices or university. Scroll
Home iPhone iPhone Apps iPhone Games iPhone Accessories iPhone News iPad iPad Apps iPad Games iPad Accessories iPad News Mac Mac Apps Mac News Android Android Apps Android Games Technology Apple Web & Dev Smartphones Tablets Gear Laptops Cameras Television & Displays Storage Gadgets Reviews Gaming E-readers Refreshed iPhone SE unlikely in March 2017, says Analyst 1 week ago by Abhay Ram I love handy phones which are usable with one hand. Apple’s iPhone SE made a pretty good comeback in the small sized phones category. It’s every so slightly large size fits perfectly in the hand. But the future looks gleam – not the future of the current model but its successor. I have been an Apple follower for a very long time now and I am pretty sure about the fact that Apple won’t release a successor to the SE in March 2017 like this year. Backing up my analysis is KGI Securities analyst, Ming-Chi Kuo who says that it’s very unlikely that we’ll be seeing a new product in the line of 4-inches phone. On another note, we might see the next version of SE in September 2017 when Apple usually unveils new iPhone, but it’s tough to say anything about that at this time. Just a thought. Reports also suggest that Apple might just skip the SE update, so as to increase the company’s gross margin. Apple forecasts a lower margin for Q4 2016 as compared to last year’s quarter, ditching the iPhone SE might help higher the profits. Kuo believes that Apple might go a step further to increase its margin by convincing iPhone component suppliers to cut costs. Kuo presumes that most of the suppliers will obey Apple and cut costs like the component makers who have insufficient leeway to argue as there is a lot of competition in the market whereas suppliers like Samsung and TSMC hold strong positions and they can dismiss Apple’s requests. The iPhone SE has turned out to be a very popular product, it turns out that there are many people who want small sized phones. When the device was launched it was expected to serve a very small number of people but the small phone has served a large number of people. People who have small hands and people who see a phone as a communicator which can be easily carried. I personally love the iPhone SE and I’d be very happy to see a revamped successor. Not just the internals but even the design. Fingers crossed. About the author Abhay Ram View all posts Leave a Comment X Comment Name * Email * Website Featured Posts The LG UltraFine 4K display starts shipping; Created... iPhone 8 will be pretty interesting, according to... Best Buy is offering pretty sweet deals on the... MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and Touch ID are getting... iPhone 8 could wirelessly charge without having to... About Us Since 2010, Tapscape.com has been a trusted source for the latest in technology news and analysis. Tapscape is also a leading reviewer of the latest in apps for both iOS and Android devices, with over 2000 apps reviewed to date. Pages About Advertise Contact Submit Your App
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple has a secret research team devoted to making Siri’s voice sound more human-like Yoni Heisler BGR NewsNovember 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Over the last few years, there's no denying that Siri has improved by leaps and bounds. While Apple's intelligent personal assistant was easy to make fun of a few years back, Apple has devoted a lot of R&D resources towards expanding Siri's skill-set while also making it much more reliable. Siri still isn't perfect and, to be fair, it still has some serious competition from the likes of Google and Amazon. Nonetheless, Apple has been upfront about how seriously it takes AI and, as a result, we can expect to see some exciting new Siri improvements in the years ahead, perhaps as early as next year when Apple drops iOS 11. DON'T MISS: Don’t buy the crap T-Mobile (or anyone else) is selling Underscoring Apple's commitment to Siri, Business Insider earlier this week profiled a secret lab Apple has in the UK where a team of scientists and researchers are working on bringing Siri to the next level. Of particular interest is that the group is specifically focused on improving Siri's 'voice' so that it sounds more human-like and less robotic. The report is not altogether surprising, especially given that the revamped version of Siri in iOS 10 already sounds more human-like than it did in iOS 9. Clearly, this is an aspect of Siri that Apple takes very seriously. VocalIQ’s software — designed to help computers and people speak to each other in a more natural dialogue — hasn’t found its way into Siri yet, according to an artificial intelligence (AI) expert that Business Insider spoke to earlier this year with knowledge of voice recognition platforms. “I think it’s extremely unlikely that [VocalIQ] is in Siri now,” the source said. “In fact, I’m pretty sure it isn’t. But obviously Apple have got it for a reason.” The source said they could tell that VocalIQ’s technology hadn’t been integrated into Siri just by talking to the personal assistant. VocalIQ has a “a very particular style of dialogue … and I haven’t seen that in Siri,” they said. The aforementioned team reportedly works out of a nondescript building in Cambridge and is said to house upwards of 30 employees. Notably, many of Apple's Siri team members there formerly worked at VocalIQ, a voice recognition and AI company Apple acquired in October of 2015. For those unfamiliar, VocalIQ's technology specialized in creating natural conversations between devices and individuals with an ability to appreciate context, an area where Siri currently lags behind its Google counterpart. Trending right now: Amazon sale drops these hot wireless earbuds to just $14 Kohl’s Black Friday 2016 ad just leaked: Apple Watch deals and more discounted gadgets This awful rumor about the next ‘Batman’ movie makes a disturbing amount of sense See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Tonight’s supermoon will be the most spectacular so far BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
