null
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Intel Core i7-7700K And Z270 Chipset Review: Kaby Lake Hits The Desktop AMD To Attack Performance Desktop Market With RYZEN, More Zen Architecture Details Revealed Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Processors Recent additions: Intel Core i7-7700K And Z270 Chipset Review: Kaby Lake Hits The Desktop AMD To Attack Performance Desktop Market With RYZEN, More Zen Architecture Details Revealed Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Graphics/Sound Recent additions: AMD Vega GPU Architecture Details Revealed AMD Unveils FreeSync 2 Technology With HDR And LFC Support Quadro P6000 And P5000 Review: NVIDIA's Most Powerful Pascal Graphics Cards Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Ulocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Misc Recent additions: Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review The Best Of CES 2017 Streacom BC1 Open Benchtable Review: Open-Source Open-Air PC Building Done Right SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: The Best Of CES 2017 Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Cybertron CLX Ra System Review: A Luxury Dual GTX 1080 Killer Gaming Rig Desktops Recent additions: Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900 RE Gaming Desktop And IdeaPad Y900 Gaming Notebook Preview Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review Micron's Massive Capacity 8TB 5100 Series Enterprise Solid State Drive Can Save Datacenters Big Bucks Workstation Recent additions: Quadro P6000 And P5000 Review: NVIDIA's Most Powerful Pascal Graphics Cards AMD Radeon Pro WX Series Workstation Graphics Review: Polaris Goes Pro [WX 7100 Update] AMD To Attack Performance Desktop Market With RYZEN, More Zen Architecture Details Revealed Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review Micron's Massive Capacity 8TB 5100 Series Enterprise Solid State Drive Can Save Datacenters Big Bucks Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 A Quick Guide To Customizing Your Windows Desktop Experience MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: The Best Of CES 2017 Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming Notebook at CES 2017 Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Convertible At CES 2017 Notebooks Recent additions: Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming Notebook at CES 2017 Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Convertible At CES 2017 Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900 RE Gaming Desktop And IdeaPad Y900 Gaming Notebook Preview Smartphones Recent additions: Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Review: The First Tango Augmented Reality Smartphone ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe Review: Unlocked Android With 6GB RAM And 64GB Storage Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Tablets Recent additions: Lenovo Yoga Book Review: A 2-In-1 With A Trick Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Gadgets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation Samsung Gear Fit2 Review: More Than Just A Fitness Wearable LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Gears of War 4 Review And Benchmark Performance Quick Take Entertainment Recent additions: Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Valve Inks Game-Changing Deal With Lionsgate Entertainment Adding Over 100 Movie Titles To Steam Platform Gaming Recent additions: Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming Notebook at CES 2017 Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900 RE Gaming Desktop And IdeaPad Y900 Gaming Notebook Preview Cybertron CLX Ra System Review: A Luxury Dual GTX 1080 Killer Gaming Rig Social Recent additions: YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype Genius Tweets? Apple Hangs Out @AppleSupport Sign On Twitter VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: AMD RYZEN RYZEN Vega Dell XPS 27 Kaby Lake GeForce GTX 1080 Ti home News by Brittany Goetting — Sunday, January 08, 2017 Research Firm Predicts Apple Will Out Ship Microsoft Windows Devices In 2017 What does 2017 look like for corporations such as Apple and Microsoft? According to the research firm Gartner, Inc., Apple devices will outsell its Redmond, Washington-based rival for the first time in the twenty-first century. Gartner has also predicted that the gap will continue to widen between the Apple and Microsoft’s number of shipments over the next three years. This past year, 260 million Windows-powered devices were sold, or roughly 11.2% of the market. Apple only shipped 248 million devices, a 10% decrease from the previous year. Apple’s results from this past fiscal quarter are not in, but the previous quarter was a bit of a disappointment. iPhone sales decreased from 48 million to 45.5 million, iPad sales fell from 9.9 to 9.3 million, and Mac sales decreased 5.7 million to 4.9 million. This was the first time in 15 years that Apple has posted a decline in annual sales.  Why then does Gartner, Inc. believe that Apple will ship 268 million devices in 2017 (running iOS and macOS), and continue to increase their sales by 3% over the next two years? PC sales have greatly decreased over the past few years. In 2016, 268 million PC’s were sold. This was a 7% reduction from the previous year and a continuation of a multi-year trend. Microsoft relies almost entirely upon PC's for its device sales. It has attempted to penetrate the smartphone market, however, Microsoft in recent years has been unable to crack the 5% mark (and currently sits with sub 1% global market share). If PC shipments continue to diminish, so does the current bulk of Microsoft’s device profits. Apple, on the other hand, currently dominates the global smartphone market with respect to profits.  It is important to note that these predictions are for Windows-based devices only. Microsoft has recently started to focus more on their cloud-based products, so Satya Nadella is unlikely to be begging in the streets any time soon. This report also does not take into account competition from Android-powered devices. Tags:  Apple, Microsoft, Windows, nasdaqaapl, nasdaq-msft Via:  Computer World Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS AMD Claims Zen Architecture Powering...28 HotHardware And Lenovo HOT Holiday...26 Apple Calls Out Consumer Reports For...16 Latest Windows 10 Cumulative Update...15 2018 Toyota Camry Goes From Subdued To...13 Kia Stinger GT Takes On Germany’s Best...12 NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Reportedly...12 FEATURED Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe... Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200... The Best Of CES 2017 Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop... AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4... AMD Vega GPU Architecture Details... Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...761k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...617k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...566k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...546k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...502k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...438k GeForce GTX 980 Ti Round-Up With MSI,...387k THREADS HotHardware and Lenovo HOT Holiday...46 How feasible is this?21 HotHardware And Lenovo HOT Holiday...5 Lenovo y510p3 I wonder how advanced the technology...3 Your favorite thing about social media...2 Any holistic organic writers here?2 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES US Secret Service Orders... SpaceX Falcon 9 Delivers Iridium... Amazon Seeks FCC Permission For... Enraged Florida T-Mobile Customer... Former Android Chief Andy Rubin... Nintendo Chief Says Switch Won’t... WhatsApp Denies Allegations That It... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: January 16, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Football Rugby Union Tennis AFL NRL Golf Cycling Motorsport Turf & Thoroughbreds The Times Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe Member rewards Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Gaming Reviews Tech News Home Tech Tech News The iPhone is 10 - here’s TEN things we'd love to see on Apple’s next smartphone The iPhone is 10 - here’s TEN things we'd love to see on Apple’s next smartphone APPLE’S iconic iPhone celebrates its 10th birthday TODAY and here’s some of the features we like to see coming soon. By Dave Snelling / Published 9th January 2017 APPLE HAPPY BIRTHDAY: The iPhone is 10 today Apple unveiled its first ever iPhone on January 9th 2007 and it's since gone on to become one of biggest ever tech success stories. Apple has sold over one billion iPhones since Apple co-founder, Steve Jobs, held up the smartphone in front of the world’s media at the Macworld convention. Since the original device went on sale Apple has added better cameras, faster processors, fingerprint scanners and waterproof design to its iPhone. But what’s next for this flagship gadget? Apple is expected to reveal its latest iPhone 8 in September and there could be some major changes coming on its 10th anniversary. Here’s some of the features we’d love to see coming soon to Apple’s iPhone.   iPhone at 10 - take a look at every smartphone Apple has created Sunday, 8th January 2017 APPLE'S iconic iPhone turns 10 today and here's every device the US tech giant has made. 1 / 11 LONGER BATTERY LIFE Even though huge advancements have been made since the first iPhone launched, battery life remains a big issue for many users. Most devices, including the iPhone, will only get though a day before needing the inevitable refill. Battery technology is improving and major breakthroughs are coming but, as we saw with Samsung’s exploding Note 7, keeping these call makers safe far outweighs endless battery life. We'll have to wait until September to see if Apple can add some extra energy to its flagship phone. EDGE-TO-EDGE DISPLAY A number of smartphone makers, including Sony and Samsung, are producing devices that have edge-to-edge displays. These new screens bring a bigger viewing experience in a device that's physically smaller. Apple is yet to produce a bezel-free smartphone but it must be considering it. Plenty of rumours suggest the iPhone 8 will include a display that covers the entire front of the device and it may even curve around the edge of the device.   PH ON DISPLAY: The new iPhone could feature a curved display WIRELESS CHARGING Current wireless charging is a bit pointless. Most devices that include this option need to be placed on a charging mat to fill them with juice. When wire-free technology gets really good will be when a device can be refilled through the air without going near a plug or dock. It’s unlikely this will make an appearance this year but Apple is thought to be developing a way to pump power into phones when they are simply placed on a desk or the side of your sofa. USB C If wireless charging doesn’t make an appearance then USB-C would be hugely welcome. This format is now becoming the charging standard with many rival smartphones and even the new MacBooks now using it. Having to pack numerous cables in your bag is becoming more of a pain and if everyone went to USB-C life would be made a whole lot easier. DAILY STAR ONLINE Apple 10th birthday APPLE PENCIL SUPPORT The iPad now allows users to scribble on the screen using the Apple Pencil. Making notes and drawing on phones is hugely useful and a stylus or Apple Pencil support would be a nice bonus on the iPhone. UNBREAKABLE SCREEN Motorola has managed to make a device that can withstand being dropped off a building, so why can’t Apple? iPhones are notorious for getting broken screens after being dropped with many owners having to pay over £100 to get them fixed. Glass displays are always going to be susceptible to getting smashed but an unbreakable iPhone would save fans a lot of tears. APPLE Apple 10th birthday APPLE WINNER: Apple boss Tim Cook holds up the iPhone as it sells one billion devices A LOWER PRICE DEVICE With prices starting at over £500, the iPhone has never been cheap. Apple did launch the iPhone SE last year which brought flagship specs at a lower cost but owning a new smartphone is still out of reach for many. Rival manufacturers including OnePlus and Huawei are launching posh phones on a budget and Apple fans will be hoping the iPhone will one day be a little cheaper. EVEN MORE MEMORY With Apple introducing 4K video on the iPhone 6s, 16GB smartphones get filled pretty quickly. Because it's the cheapest model it’s also the most popular but 16GB simply is not enough anymore. Apple has now introduced more memory on its iPhone 7 range with the device starting from 32GB. But this isn't expandable and many users will still find themselves running low on memory after shooting video on their iPhone. OLED TECHNOLOGY Some of Apple’s rivals, including Samsung, have been pushing the boundaries of display technology. Sony has its Z5 premium which features a 4K display and Samsung has stunning AMOLED technology in its S7. Although Apple’s Retina screen offers a pin-sharp experience it’s certainly time the US tech giant made things a bit brighter especially as its market-leading camera can now shoot in Ultra HD quality. Related articles MAJOR iPhone 8 feature leaks and it's going to solve all YOUR smartphone woes Apple Watch 3 release date, rumours, and everything you need to know CES Las Vegas 2017: Tech a peak at the gadgets of the future Comments Tech News More Just bought a Samsung 4K TV? One of its biggest problems has now been fixed SAMSUNG revealed its new 4K TV line up at CES last week and these new Ultra HD televisions come with a very neat new feature. How to improve your MacBook Pro battery life - Apple addresses... Hidden WhatsApp software reveals it's about to start charging ... How to see who's looking at YOUR Facebook page and stop them s... Uh oh… Could Facebook be working on new tech to read your mind? Love WhatsApp? This serious flaw may mean you'll never send an... This major Pirate Bay news is REALLY bad for Hollywood's block... Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks with a key feature that could give it ... HTC’s new Ultra smartphone has TWO screens but a major MISSING... Tech News More Android Nougat Galaxy S7 Update RELEASED - your phone can NOW be updated REVAMPED Android software is heading to the S7 and S7 Edge, and the sooner than you might have expected. Huge news for Paul Pogba fans ahead of Sunday's Man Utd v Live... New KFC robot tracks YOUR face and can guess what food you wan... MAJOR new BBC iPlayer features are coming - Netflix favourite ... Lloyds online banking down AGAIN - thousands of customers can'... All UK Pirate Bay and Kickass Torrent users are about to get h... If you use Netflix DO NOT open this email or you could lose al... You'll NEVER want to use Facebook again when this new feature ... Pokémon GO BANNED - Popular AR app blocked on new safety grounds Tech News More Nokia is back - stunning first phone in three years launched, but there's a MAJOR catch REMEMBER Nokia? Well the company is back and it's just launched its first Android phone. Sony just unveiled a BRAND NEW PS4 and you'll be able to get y... Microsoft has just killed an ICONIC Windows feature as part of... Man Utd stars Paul Pogba and David de Gea are among most tweet... Apple iPhone 8 - the biggest hint yet that major changes could... Porn ban blocks users from accessing hundreds of X-rated websites Watch iconic moment Steve Jobs unveils Apple iPhone at MacWorl... The iPhone is 10 - here’s TEN things we'd love to see on Apple... Four big reasons why your new 4K TV is now totally out of date Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Motorsport Darts Racing Boxing Other Rugby World Cup UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV X Factor Big Brother Strictly Music Movies Britain's Got Talent I'm A Celebrity Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Diet & Fitness Love & Sex Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Just Jane Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Family Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Share 14 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-15 The Best New Podcasts Of 2016 Entertainment 2017-01-15 Here Are Eight Of The Best Netflix Movies And Series That Are Overlooked Entertainment 2017-01-15 EXO, BTS Big Winners In 31st Golden Disk Awards, Bangtan Boys Prep For Upcoming Album Next Month Entertainment 2017-01-14 ‘The Wizard Of Lies’: See Robert De Niro As Bernie Madoff In Teaser For New HBO Movie [Video] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-15 Like Ringling Brothers, The Big Apple Circus Is Closed Down News 2017-01-15 Bernie Sanders Headlines Rallies To Support Obamacare And Save Health Care Opinion 2017-01-15 Martin Luther King, Jr. Would Not Have Approved Of Obama’s Legacy [Opinion] News 2017-01-15 Texas 911 Operator Answers Call From Own Teen Daughter, Who Was Reporting A Fire At Their Home Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-15 WWE Royal Rumble: John Cena Will Win WWE Championship Soccer 2017-01-15 Jose Mourinho Reveals Reason For Jurgen Klopp Fight During Manchester United And Liverpool Game Wrestling 2017-01-15 WWE News: Pro Wrestling Legends React To The Death Of ‘Superfly’ Jimmy Snuka Football 2017-01-15 NFL Playoffs Results: Green Bay Packers Defeat Dallas Cowboys, Will Face Atlanta Falcons In NFC Championship Game Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-15 Japanese Broad Tapeworm Spotted In Alaskan Salmon, Says New CDC Study Health 2017-01-15 Stress Linked To Increased Heart Attacks And Strokes: Study Suggests It All Starts In Your Head Health 2017-01-15 Woman Killed By Superbug: ‘Pan-Resistant’ Bacteria Now Considered Worldwide Threat To Humans Health 2017-01-15 Marijuana Report Fails To Find Any Real Health Benefits, Cannabis Use May Even Cause Heart Attacks Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-15 ‘Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild’ Gets Master Edition and Special Edition On Nintendo Switch Gaming 2017-01-15 Nintendo Switch: Problems In Messaging Could Plague Sales [Video] Gaming 2017-01-15 Microsoft’s New Creators Update To Increase Performance Of Both Windows 10 And Xbox One Gaming 2017-01-15 Is Sony Hiding Developers’ Disappointment With PS4 Pro? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Woman Uses Chicken To Shut Down A Guy Who Asks For Nude Pictures Via Text Message BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Mississippi City Chooses To Celebrate ‘Great Americans Day’ Instead Of MLK Day And The Internet Destroys The Idea BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Quora User, 17, Claims To Have Caught Dad Snooping In On Sex Story Call While Pleasuring Himself BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 More Trumpgrets: Trump Supporters Who Regret Voting For Him Blast PEOTUS On Twitter, New Site Asks ‘Are You Sorry Yet?’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8: The Latest On Apple’s Upcoming Killer Smartphone Gadgets 14 0 0 January 8, 2017 iPhone 8: The Latest On Apple’s Upcoming Killer Smartphone Daryl Deino Apple’s iPhone 8 likely won’t be released for another eight months, but there are already predictions that it will be Apple’s best-selling device yet. Tech Times has the news. “Rumors about Apple’s upcoming iPhone 8 – codenamed – Ferrari – are swirling online as consumers gear up for the next-gen handset to launch in September. Analysts are predicting that the arrival of the iPhone 8 could turn around Apple’s fortunes drastically.” The article adds that in a note to investors, Jeffery Kvaal and Gregory McNaff, analysts who work with Nomura Securities, predicted that the next generation iPhone from Apple would be instrumental in helping Apple rake in bigger profits. Apple certainly has a lot of hype to live up to. The iPhone 7 series wasn’t a big upgrade from the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but the iPhone 8 series upgrade is going to be huge. According to 9to5Mac, we may see 4.7-inch to 5.8-inch curved OLED displays, an all-glass design with new colors, wireless charging, an embedded (into the screen) home button, and something that has to do with augmented reality. BGR describes how Apple may incorporate augmented reality with their next smartphone in 2017. “The way Apple envisions implementing augmented reality into the iPhone is multi-faceted. For instance, Apple envisions iPhone users being able to point their cameras at any number of objects and have the device itself recognize what’s in frame,” says columnist Yoni Heisler. The article adds that as another example, Apple could build functionality that would allow the iPhone camera to completely manipulate faces. This has caused a lot of excitement in the smartphone world. According to Forbes, a new patent shows that the iPhone could also be adding in touch sensors to replace physical buttons The next iPhone could replace physical buttons with touch sensors. [Image by Daryl Deino] “This patent describes a technique where touch sensors can be placed around any side of a device allowing for new input sources. The patent also notes that physical buttons (such as the volume controls) could be replaced by these embedded touch sensors,” says Forbes contributor Ewan Spence, who summarizes that Apple could drop the current buttons to turn towards touch-enabled areas on the device for the existing UI. One of the most exciting features of all the different versions of the iPhone 8 (there may be three of them) is the edgeless OLED screen. According to Macworld UK, that screen will be covered with Gorilla Glass and other polycarbonates in order to help the new iPhone not shatter when dropped. The screen will allegedly allow the iPhone to have a higher frame rate than a screen with a Nvidia 1080 card in it. Macworld UK also notes that not only will the new iPhone 8 come in several different colors (silver, gold, rose gold, and deep blue), but that it could also be covered with glass from front to back. It’s also possible that a stainless steel option will be released as well. Apple is really out to make their 10th anniversary smartphone something special, but there are other special smartphones coming out as well. Samsung will beat the iPhone 8 series to the market with the Galaxy S8. According to Tech Radar, the Galaxy S8 is shaping up to be a huge upgrade from the S7 and S7 Edge. Samsung’s next smartphone could be a game-changer. [Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] “Likely highlights include a 4K screen, a Snapdragon 830 processor, 6GB of RAM and a massively improved camera. There’s even a chance that the Samsung Galaxy S8 will have an iris scanner or a foldable screen, though the latter is somewhat less likely.” The article adds that there could be two different versions of the S8, and both will come with curved screens. One could be a 5.7-inch regular version, and the other, the one that would have the 4K screen, will be 6.1 inches. The S8 could also have a 30MP dual-lens rear camera, an 8MP front camera, and a 4200mAh battery. 2017 is shaping up to be a great year for smartphones. Which one do you think will dominate – the Galaxy S8 or the iPhone 8? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section. [Featured Image by Sean Gallup/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Amazon’s Alexa Orders DollHouses After Listening To The News Now Read This: 2016 MacBook Pro Finally Gets ‘Consumer Reports’ Approval Share 14 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Apple, Galaxy S8, iPhone 8 January 15, 2017 What’s Open On Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2017? Find A Full List Of What’s Open, What’s Closed, And Where To Find The Best Sales January 15, 2017 Courtney Taylor Murder Update: New Details Emerge About Kentucky Mom Accused Of Murdering Her Husband And Two Daughters In Their Beds View full timeline 15 hours ago Apple iPhone 8 And Samsung Galaxy S8 Battle Heats Up 18 hours ago iPhone 8 Specs And Features: Role Of Samsung In The Upcoming iPhone 8 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Martin Luther King’s Wife Said FBI Sent Her Sex Tapes Of King With Other Women In ‘Smear’ Bid Video Captures Quick-Thinking Mother Saving Toddler Daughter From Choking To Death ‘Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Gets Master Edition And Special Edition On Nintendo Switch WWE Royal Rumble: John Cena Will Win WWE Championship Meghan Markle Meets Kate and Princess Charlotte: Could The Queen Be Next? Like Ringling Brothers, The Big Apple Circus Is Closed Down Caitlyn Jenner Prepares For Donald Trump Inauguration With Golden Facial Bernie Sanders Headlines Rallies To Support Obamacare And Save Health Care Sasha Obama’s Bikini Ensemble May Signal Career In Fashion After Leaving The White House Martin Luther King, Jr. Would Not Have Approved Of Obama’s Legacy [Opinion] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Democrats Found Out This Week That Bernie Supporters Are Not Going Away Any Time Soon [Opinion] 25.9k 0 0 WWE News: Nearly 1,000-Pound Man Known As ‘Pakistani Hulk’ Looking To Join WWE — Will Triple H Give Him A Chance? 20.7k 0 0 Dreamcatcher, K-pop Rookie Girl Group, Set To Debut With Spooky First Single ‘Chase Me’ — Check Out The Teasers [Video] 7.6k 0 0 Kai Of EXO Cast In KBS K-Drama ‘Andante’ — SM Entertainment K-Pop Idol Confirmed As Male Lead In Drama Opposite Jung Da Bin 5.7k 0 0 My Experience As A LuLaRoe Consultant And Why I’m Getting Out 14.1k 0 0 EXO’s Kai Never Wanted To Be An Idol??? Kpop Star Makes Surprising Revelation In New 2017 Interview, Talks Coping With Ankle Injury 11.2k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Tesla Model X: Australian Hands-On Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Apple AirPods: Australian Review In 2017 The TV Is Just A Fancy Arse Computer Display Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Apple AirPods: Australian Review The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Apple MacBook Pro (2017): Australian Review In 2017 The TV Is Just A Fancy Arse Computer Display Gadgets Lunch Time Deals: 20% Off Star Wars LEGO And Fitness Trackers On eBay How To Use Your Chromecast In A Hotel Room Study Finds E-Waste In Asia Has Increased At A Staggering Pace We'd Like This Life-Sized Version Of Lego Batman's Batmobile To Be An Official Set Immediately, Please Mobile Apple AirPods: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date 95 Per Cent Of Galaxy Note7s In Australia Have Been Returned To Samsung Snapchat's Latest Feature Will Make Your Parents Very Happy Car Tech This Motorcycle With Snowmobile Tracks Is The Most Overkill Way To Navigate Sand And Snow You Can Now Drive From Melbourne To Brisbane For Free (In A Tesla, At Least) Why You Should Not Trust Faraday Future -- Or Any Other Tech Company BMW: Go Ahead, Take Your Hands Off The Wheel Of Our 5 Series Prototype, It's Fine Online Google's 'Draco' Compression For 3D Graphics Could Mean A Faster Future For VR And Games Former DirecTV Spokesman Rob Lowe Calls Out DirecTV For Being Terrible Chinese Tech Giant's Office Party Featured Humiliating Simulated Blowjobs  The Genius Who Lived In A Storage Locker For $200 A Month Was Evicted Science & Health World First: Australian Scientists Spot The Ruby Seadragon In The Wild Soon, Your Smartwatch Will Know When You're Getting Sick (Before You Do) Watch SpaceX Launch Its Latest Rocket Into Space Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Cameras Photographer Transforms Camera Parts Into Lifelike Weapons Move Your Photo Library Between Apple Photos And Google Photos (or Vice Versa) Australia's Alright Kodak Swears It's Not Giving Up On That Digital Super 8 Camera Computing Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Why Software Fixes Are Sometimes Called A 'Patch' Deals: Up Your Photoshop Game With This Training Bundle Windows 10's 'Game Mode' Will Optimise Your PC For You Gaming Adam Savage Left Speechless By Weta Workshop's Labyrinth Replica. Oh, It's Also A Playable Board Game Here's Every Game From The Nintendo Switch Presentation Hero Coder Adapts 'Portal' For The Apple II Nintendo Switch: Australian Price And Release Date Entertainment NBC's Powerless Breaks The Canon With A Stupid Wayne Cousin Drop Everything, There's A New 'xXx: Return Of Xander Cage' Clip Lucasfilm Confirms It Won't Digitally Recreate Carrie Fisher In Star Wars Episode VIII 'Logan' Director Shares New Images Of The Cast Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Here's Every Game From The Nintendo Switch Presentation 95 Per Cent Of Galaxy Note7s In Australia Have Been Returned To Samsung Windows 10's 'Game Mode' Will Optimise Your PC For You Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Move Your Photo Library Between Apple Photos And Google Photos (or Vice Versa) David Nield Jan 9, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android apple photos desktop fieldguide google photos ios macos photos videos Share Image: Screenshot We're all disappearing under a virtual avalanche of photos and videos, and no one's really sure about how to organise it all — though Apple and Google keep trying. Android and iOS both have smart photo services built in nowadays, but what happens when you want to jump from one to the other? Here's what you need to know. In this guide we'll be tackling the challenge of moving your whole photo library from one service to the other: this is a full traded-in-my-iPhone-for-a-Pixel scenario, a clean break where you're switching from Apple Photos to Google Photos or back the other way. Image: Google For a lot of people it might be better to have a foot in both camps, at least for some photos or for some of the time, but for simplicity's sake we won't go into every possible scenario here. You can in fact use these services alongside each other pretty easily, but in this case we'll tackle going from one to the other wholesale. It's also worth noting these are not exactly directly comparable services, with Apple's photo offerings very much baked into its hardware and software, and Google Photos very much web-first and operating independently of your computers, phones and tablets. Switching from Apple Photos to Google Photos Before you jump to Google Photos you need to decide if you want to store your photos (and videos) at their original resolution or whether you're happy to put up with some resizing — images are stored at a maximum of 16 megapixels and videos are stored at a maximum of 1080p HD. If you choose the second option, you can store as much as you want, for free. If you want to keep everything as it is, you need to think about paying for Google Drive storage, as you only get 15GB for free. Prices start at 100GB for $US1.99 ($3) a month. Once you've decided, you need to work out where your photos are, and given the different apps on macOS and iOS, and the recent upgrades to both, you could be forgiven for not being too sure. Thankfully, Google Photos isn't too fussed. Download the Google Photos desktop client for macOS and mobile app for iOS and both will get to work picking up all the pictures from your computers and iDevices. The desktop app asks which photo libraries you want to back up when you start it, and the iOS app simply backs up everything it can find. The only images and videos that might get missed are those you've uploaded to iCloud and deleted from your devices, if you're using iCloud. To get these files back on macOS, launch Photos, then open the Photos menu, choose Preferences, switch to iCloud and make sure Download Originals to Mac is selected. On iOS, if you have the space, open Settings then tap iCloud, Photos and Download and Keep Originals. If for whatever reason you can't get your iCloud photos back to a Mac or iOS device, the export options from iCloud on the web are a little less than stellar. Pictures can be downloaded individually easily enough, but for bulk downloads you have to use the Shift or Cmd keys to select multiple items at once, then click the download icon. Once saved somewhere, they can be uploaded to Google Photos using a desktop client or just your web browser. Switching from Google Photos to Apple Photos As we've said, Google Photos lives on the web, but getting all your pictures and videos back down again isn't too difficult — though it might take some time if you've got a massive photo library and a sluggish internet connection. With Apple Photos, you don't have to store your pictures in the cloud, but if you do then you'll probably need to pay for extra storage. The Google Photos desktop client for macOS doesn't have two-way sync, but the one for Google Drive does. First, go to Google Drive on the web, open the Settings page (via the cog icon) and tick the box marked Automatically put your Google Photos into a folder in My Drive under the General tab. That doesn't change anything about what's stored in Google Photos, it just makes everything visible in Google Drive. Then, download and install the macOS client for Google Drive, and make sure the Google Photos folder is selected in the list of folders to sync, which will be displayed during the setup process. Hey presto, all your photos and videos are pulled down from the cloud. In the Photos app on your Mac, pick File then Import to load in the newly downloaded content. It's only if you don't have a Mac computer to hand that difficulties arise — if you're using Apple's photo services solely on iPhones, iPads, and the web, maybe. If you have a Windows machine to hand, you can use the same trick as above to get the images and videos downloaded. Then, instead of running the Photos app on macOS, use iTunes and your iDevice, or just iCloud on the web, to get everything up to the iCloud Photo Library. Alternatively you can use the Google Takeout service to download all of your pictures and video from Google Photos if you don't want to go down the Google Drive syncing route. All of your stuff gets served up as a compressed folder which you can then extract and move to Apple's apps on the desktop, on mobile and in the cloud. A computer of some kind really is essential though as a stopgap between Google Photos and Apple's Photos apps, even if you're planning to use nothing but an iPhone and iCloud Photo Library for the rest of your life. In other words you can't go straight from cloud service to cloud service. Without investing too much time and effort you should be up and running on your new photo management system and ready to take and store pictures again — at least until you decide to switch to something new. Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Nintendo Switch: Australian Price And Release Date Rae Johnston 15 Jan 2017 6:30 AM Now the Nintendo Switch conference is done and dusted, what have we learned? Here's all the details revealed on what you can play, when you can play it and how much it will cost you. Apple AirPods: Australian Review Campbell Simpson 16 Jan 2017 1:00 PM Have you ever thought "my wireless earphones are just too big?" Have you ever thought "man, I wish my headphones told me their battery life whenever I switched them on?" Have you ever thought "I wish I could listen to all my music through one earphone, so I don't need to wear both?" Apple's new AirPods solve a lot of these problems. Problems I'm not entirely sure needed to be solved, but problems nonetheless. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Static Podcast: Bruce Campbell (And All Of Our Other Favourite Interviews) Gizmodo's Static Podcast: Are Videogame Reviews Important Or Redundant? Gizmodo's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 Nintendo Switch: Australian Price And Release Date 2 Apple AirPods: Australian Review 3 How To Use Your Chromecast In A Hotel Room 4 Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date 5 Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems NBC's Powerless Breaks The Canon With A Stupid Wayne Cousin Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Why Software Fixes Are Sometimes Called A 'Patch' Apple AirPods: Australian Review Crazy Stunt Brings Rocket League To Grand Theft Auto V Everything We Learned About The Nintendo Switch The Last Of Us Remade In Giant LEGO Build 25 Years Ago, Mega Man 4 Changed The Series Forever The Correct Way To Store Different Food Types In Your Kitchen [Infographic] 25 Facts About The Science Of Fitness You May Not Know Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? The Multipurpose Gaming, Music, And Work Space Kogan.com shares are on a tear after strong Christmas sales Chinese commodity futures are exploding higher as iron ore goes limit up Energy business Duet has agreed to a $7.37 billion takeover bid from HK billionaire Li Ka-shing These charts show traders continue to believe in the Donald Trump 'reflation trade' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow iPhone commercial or foreign indie film? Apple gets artsy with new ad. 1.9k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? By Adario Strange2017-01-08 23:27:58 UTC Apple’s latest commercial looks like something straight out of a foreign indie film. "Take Mine" is Apple's latest one-minute ad meant to show off the iPhone 7 Plus' portrait mode and new depth-of-field feature. The short film, featuring indie film-style yellow subtitles, starts in an old cafe and proceeds to take us around what appears to be a Greek village to meet  locals who would fit well into a Criterion Collection classic film.  Alas, this may all be smoke and mirrors, as the real Apple hype is around the 10th anniversary version of the iPhone, coming later this year, which is expected to be an ambitious departure from previous models. But if you can't wait for the next phase of the iPhone, this spot is a charming entreaty to get you to snag an iPhone 7 now.  Drone captures travel blogger's hectic brush with a great white shark Tina Fey crashes Felicity Jones' 'SNL' monologue to beg for a 'Star Wars' gig PSA: Here's a video of Donald Trump playing an accordion. That is all. Barack Obama and Joe Biden get the 'Shawshank' ending they deserve Topics: commercials, filmmaking, iPhone, iPhone 7, iphone 7 plus, Marketing, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch 1 hour ago Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 2 hours ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 4 hours ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 5 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 6 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 20 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 20 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 20 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 4 hours ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 16 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple probe dropped by Canada's Competition Bureau By Gabriel Nunes Neowin LLC @_nunesgh · Jan 8, 2017 with 2 comments After two years of investigation, Canada's competition watchdog has decided to close its probe on Apple last Friday. According to the Competition Bureau statement: "After conducting analyses of the information gathered over the course of the investigation, the Bureau has concluded that it does not have sufficient evidence to suggest Apple is contravening the Act in respect of the Apple Terms at this time. Specifically, the Bureau did not find evidence to suggest that the Apple Terms resulted in a significant effect on competition." The probe was opened in December 2014 to investigate allegations that Apple had enforced anti-competitive clauses on the contracts closed with local carriers. Those clauses would have determined that competitor's devices should be sold at higher prices than they would otherwise be sold. Potentially, such anti-competitive actions by Apple could have been initiated in order to favor the introduction of Apple's iPhone in the Canada market back in 2008. At the time, the Canadian telecommunications company Rogers arranged a temporary exclusivity deal with Apple to sell the iPhone. However, Canada's Competition Bureau stopped short of specifying specific dates as to when it believed that any alleged anti-competitive conduct took place. Source: Reuters via Phys.org Tags Apple Iphone Canada Probe Competition Investigation Competition bureau Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Man saved by his laptop in Fort Lauderdale shooting Next Story Interview: Naughty America's CIO talks about augmented reality porn, HoloLens, 8K, and more Advertisement Community Activity Refresh [DKIM] Subdomain Mail Server in Internet, Network & Security Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch in Front Page News Cat-Skinning: SMS and MMS apps that can avoid using mobile data in Android To upgrade or not upgrade... in Hardware Hangout Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News How to backup data & OS when swapping HDD with SSD in Hardware Hangout Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore in Front Page News Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank in Front Page News Trending Stories This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago with 5 comments Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 4 comments Related Stories Almost four months after its release, iOS 10 is now on 76% of active iOS devices Jan 6, 2017 iTunes 12.5.4 Dec 14, 2016 Kantar: Windows phone market share falls further; iPhone 7 sales give iOS share a boost Dec 7, 2016 Apple starts selling refurbished iPhones through its online store Nov 9, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 2 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter International Edition Monday January, 16, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 Glenn CHAPMAN, AFP January 9, 2017, 4:00 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet LAS VEGAS -- The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone -- introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 -- set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone's focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. "Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. "Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity." Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting "infotainment" systems that synch with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. "The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone's daily life," Blau said. Altered landscape The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystalized, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. "It's pretty remarkable what it did," Maxwell said of the iPhone. "We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it." Putting the internet in people's pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialize and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. "It turned the industry on its head," Maxwell said at CES. "It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape." The iPhone powered Apple's money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market 1|2|Next Page>> SHARE CLOSE Blogger Google+ Live Journal Plurk Stumble Upon   Tweet PREVIOUS ARTICLE Many see higher mortgage rates, more home sales NEXT ARTICLE Mexico, US sign framework on electricity grid Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 'Turnaround King' sets sights on TransAsia 2 1.68% GDP boost forecast for 2017 3 Gilead ordered to pay Merck 4 Acer approves NT$6.34 bil. impairment charge 5 Average real earnings decline 6 TransAsia shares rally to daily upper limit 7 Delta Air reportedly will stop serving Taiwan in May 8 Asus unveils ZenFone with Daydream, Google Tango 9 McDonald's sells China operations to consortium for US$2.08 billion 10 Mobile payment market to reach US$780 bil. in 2017: firm Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan The iPhone decade: Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook How long can Apple continue to play it safe before it has to once again start taking big, disruptive risks? By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | January 8, 2017 -- 23:00 GMT (15:00 PST) | Topic: Apple Ten years ago, Apple's then-CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the first iPhone to the world, changing the trajectory of the company for the next decade, and permanently changing the tech landscape. Now, Apple is sitting on hundreds of billions of dollars in the bank -- thanks to that single, highly successful, and highly disruptive product. But how much of Apple's success with the iPhone was down to Jobs, and how much of the company's future hinges on current CEO Tim Cook? 10 years ago Apple's iPhone turns 10: Here's how the device impacted business, work Apple's iPhone made its debut 10 years ago. Here's a look at how it has impacted business and the enterprise. Read More I've been watching Apple casually for several decades, and closely for over a decade, and one thing that has surprised me is the issue of how much bearing the CEO has on the overall success of the company. After Apple broke into the mainstream with the iPod, the overwhelming consensus, not only among fans but also pundits and analysts, was that Jobs was a driving force behind that success. But since Jobs' passing and the handing of the reigns over to Cook, I've watched that message change and morph into one where the consensus is that the CEO doesn't matter, and the company will carry on doing great things no matter who is at the helm. Folks, you have to make your mind up. You can't have it both ways. Either CEOs play a pivotal part in the success of their companies or they don't. I've noticed from watching Apple diligently over the past decade -- the iPhone decade -- is that the transition from Jobs to Cook has changed how the company works at a fundamental level. Some of those changes appear positive, others not so positive. First, a little history. The modern Apple began in 1997 when Jobs returned to the company as CEO and began a massive restructuring, changing the licensing terms for Mackintosh clones so as to effectively kill them off, and pulling the company out of selling side products such as printers and servers. Jobs had a simple message to one product group: "You shouldn't be wasting your time on such crappy products." Not only did this restructuring of both the physical company and its mission statement save Apple, but it also paved the way for the predecessor of the iPhone, the iPod. The iPod was a massive -- although not instant -- hit for Apple, propelling the company from niche, somewhat geeky computer manufacturer to a household name. It was the iPod that made me realize that I needed to keep a close eye on Apple, because the company had something. While I didn't feel that I needed an iPod myself -- my first iPod was a second-generation iPod Nano that I got in 2006, which is still going to this day -- I couldn't help but be blown away by the superiority of the product. Yes, the early iPods were expensive, especially once the cheap, generic "MP3 players" began flooding the market, but they oozed quality and felt like they had been designed with a laser-focus that was rare in a product, both back then in the early 2000s and now. Remember that this was also the era of products such as the Compaq iPAQ PDA, which tried to do everything but ended up never being particularly good at anything (although I've lost count of how many I owned over the years). While the iPod was huge, it was nothing compared to the iPhone. Unveiled exactly 10 years ago, it was once again a product designed and built with the idea of giving people features and functionality they didn't know they needed until they began to use the device. Don't believe me? Look at how this single product totally changed the smartphone landscape. Look at what a typical smartphone looked like in 2006 (think Motorola RAZR, BlackBerry 8700, or Nokia E61), and what smartphones looked like in 2009 (Samsung Omnia, RIM BlackBerry Storm, or Motorola Droid). In a few years, we'd moved from small displays and keyboards to touchscreen devices with only a few buttons. OK, enough with the history lesson. Where does Jobs fit into this? One of the things that always impressed me about Jobs was how he understood the military principle of violent action. No, I don't mean that he kicked down doors and put people into headlocks; what I mean is the way the company under his leadership executed plans. The evolution of iPhone through the year... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 14 NEXT PREV Once Apple had a plan, and that plan was executed, it was then carried out with 100-percent energy and effort, with no time being wasted looking sideways at what the competition was up to. Jobs, and by association, the whole of Apple, exuded a confidence that was, and still is, rare. Jobs believed that Apple's products were the best, and he would push that message unapologetically, even in the face of criticism or ridicule. Remember Antennagate? With the iPhone 4, when you held it a certain way, would lose reception. Jobs' response to an owner who complained about the issue was legendary: "Just avoid holding it that way." Apple wasn't afraid of taking risks either. The iPod was risky. The iPhone was risky. Building a whole new ecosystem of apps and third-party accessories around the iPhone was risky. But these risks paid off, and they paid off in part because the Jobs never seemed to blink in the face of adversity. But as the founder of Apple, Jobs had a license to take risks. Would Apple be the success that it is today without Jobs? Well, given the state of the company in 1997, when Jobs took over as CEO for a second time after his resignation in 1985, it seems unlikely. The company was in a mess. Jobs turned it around. How much of that change -- in terms of the ideas, the simplicity of the products, the unerring attention to quality, and the astonishingly successful marketing -- was down to Jobs is not clear, but if nothing else, he clearly knew how to get the people within Apple to do some of their best work. But sadly Jobs is now gone, and Cook is at the helm. Apple in the Enterprise: A Strategic Guide Once a pariah in the enterprise, Apple has quietly emerged as a darling of executives and professionals because of the ease of use of the iPhone and the iPad. We look at how the influx of Apple devices is changing the tech landscape in business. Read More When Cook took over, some were concerned that Apple would lose its focus and return to the dark days. The idea is that the CEOs who take over from founder CEOs are less likely to take risks with the company because they inherited the company rather than built it (even if they were there since the early days). While Apple under Cook has no doubt been highly successful, the only new category of hardware product that Apple has released since the company has been under his stewardship is the Apple Watch. And it has been difficult to measure the success of that product since Apple doesn't disclose sales figures. Cook has also overseen a successful expansion of Apple's services revenue. It feels as though Cook is playing it safe and avoiding huge risks (at least that we know of). Rather than looking to new products, we've seen Cook work on broadening existing lines, resulting in SE and Plus versions of the iPhone and Pro versions of the iPad. But, despite all that, cracks are beginning to show. iPhone sales are starting to soften -- by how much it's hard to tell. But it's happening. Since the iPhone is what brings in the biggest chunk of revenue and profits, this weakness will hit Apple's bottom line hard and fast. The iPad is also faltering. Sales have peaked and are now going in reverse. It's still a wildly profitable business, but again, it's losing steam under Cook's watch. Apple's Mac lineup is also mostly old and stale, with hardware refreshes being few and far between. It also seems to have strayed away from the tight, focused hardware presentation that it once was. There's also a heavy reliance on dongles in lieu of an assortment of physical ports. While this might be a short-term solution until things standardize on USB-C or wireless, right now it's messy, clumsy, and kludgy. Then there are highly niche products such as the Apple Watch Edition, which are nothing more than a hyper-expensive version of a regular Apple Watch encased in a fancy material. Someone needs to go down to that department and tell them they shouldn't be wasting their time on such a crappy product. On top of that, iTunes is a mess, iCloud is cumbersome and frustrating to use, and Apple Music and the App Store is cluttered and painful to use at times. Even Apple's advertising has become bland and wishy-washy, with iconic ad campaigns now a thing of the past. One thing's for sure, Cook has a lot of work to do over the coming months and years. And it's likely -- before another decade is out -- that Apple will need to take one or more big, disruptive risks if it is to retain its dominant position. Will that be a car? Virtual reality or augmented reality? Smartglasses? Or perhaps something we're totally not expecting. Whatever it ends up being, there are interesting times ahead for Apple and the tech industry as a whole. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility iPhone 10th, CES 2017, wearables, and headsets (MobileTechRoundup show #388) Mobility Silk iPhone 7 collection hands-on: Style, protection, and functionality at affordable prices Mobility iPhone 8, Galaxy S8 to have highest water-resistance rating: Report Smartphones It's time to stop dreaming: iOS and Android have won the mobile war × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Steve Jobs reveals the first iPhone The iPhone has become a staple of the smartphone industry, time and time again setting the bar for Apple's competitors. Although Apple has, at times, been caught playing catch up. While the basic form factor and subtle iOS nuances are still present, the iPhone has certainly evolved over the past 10 years. Stroll down memory lane as we look at how the iPhone has changed. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple/Getty Images Caption by: Jason Cipriani The original, and an instant classic On January 9, 2007 Steve Jobs took the stage to announce the first iPhone. It was a smartphone unlike anything we'd seen before with multi-touch gestures, fun animations (remember the first time you saw the iPod app's album cover view?), a 2-megapixel camera, visual voicemail, and a true web browser. The iPhone shipped with 4, 8, or 16 GB of storage -- a big number at the time. It lacked 3G service, relying on 2G, or EDGE. It also lacked picture messaging along with copy-and-paste. iPhone OS, as it was called at the time, lacked the App Store, with Apple instead insisting on web apps as the future of mobile computing. The original iPhone was very clearly a first generation device. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani iPhone 3G Ditching the half-metal, half-plastic back of the original iPhone, Apple introduced the iPhone 3G in June 2008 with a rounded plastic back. The iPhone 3G's curved back fit into the palm of your hand and was available in black or white. Aesthetics aside, the iPhone 3G was much cheaper than the original iPhone, and included support for 3G service (as the name implies) and GPS. Perhaps the biggest announcement to change the overall course of how we view and use smartphones was the introduction of the App Store alongside the iPhone 3G. Still missing, however, was MMS support along with copy and paste. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani And thus the "S" moniker is born Released in June 2009, the iPhone 3GS was the first time we saw Apple use the same overall design two years in a row, going to a tick-tock release schedule. Despite its identical appearance, the 3GS was full of internal changes. A faster processor, 3-megapixel camera and, more importantly, it was the first iPhone to offer video capturing with the camera. To accompany a better camera and video capabilities, Apple also added MMS support to iPhone OS 3 in addition to copy and paste. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani Does this look familiar? Before Apple had a chance to announce the iPhone 4 in June of 2010, Gizmodo found itself with a prototype of the then unannounced phone, and published a detailed look at it. With the iPhone 4, Apple used a glass back, a stainless steel frame that doubled as an antenna, a front-facing camera (a first for the iPhone!), and a completely new type of display Apple dubbed a "Retina display." This was also the first time we saw Apple use its own A-series processors to power an iOS device. Of course, Apple bumped internal specs across the board with a faster processor, improved graphics, and more storage. With the addition of a front-facing camera, Apple introduced FaceTime, its video calling solution. Another notable fact about the iPhone 4 is that with it, Apple and AT&T's exclusivity deal in the US was finished. Apple launched a CDMA version in February 2011, adding Verizon Wireless as a carrier partner. However, not all was well with the iPhone 4. Remember Antenna-gate? The device was plagued with reception issues thanks to the frame doubling as the antenna, meaning you would lose reception if you held it just right. Hence the "You're holding it wrong" meme was born. Apple eventually gave every iPhone 4 owner a free case or bumper after Steve Jobs cut a family vacation in Hawaii short to hold an emergency press conference to address the issue. It was a rare moment to see Apple on its heels, defending a product after a few years of looking like it could do no wrong. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani iPhone 4S Breaking from the yearly June release schedule of a new iPhone, the iPhone 4S was released in October of 2011. In fact, it was announced one day prior to Steve Jobs' passing, on October 5. Using the same design as the iPhone 4, Apple focussed on software and internal hardware improvements. Using Apple's A5 chip and shipping with iOS 5, the iPhone 4S was the first iPhone with Apple's personal assistant, Siri. iOS 5 also included iMessage, Apple's messaging platform. To fix the antenna woes of its predecessor, Apple adjusted the frame of the phone to prevent how it's held from impacting reception. Sprint began selling the iPhone with the release of the iPhone 4S, leaving T-Mobile as the lone major US carrier without Apple's smartphone at the time. Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani iPhone 5 In September 2012, Apple unveiled the iPhone 5. Sharing a similar design to the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S, the iPhone 5 was anything but the same. Apple replaced the glass back found on previous models with aluminum, increased the screen size from 3.5 inches to 4 inches, and did away with the 30-pin connector in favor of the now standard Lightning connector. The iPhone 5 was the first iPhone to support LTE. In March 2013, T-Mobile began selling the iPhone 5. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani iPhone 5S In September 2013, Apple announced the iPhone 5S. For the first time, the iPhone line would have more than the standard black and white colors users had come to expect from the company. A new gold option was a hit, with orders taking weeks to fill. Apple also changed the name of the colors, to silver (with a white faceplate), and space gray (with a black faceplate). The iPhone 5S was the first iPhone to launch with a Touch ID home button, capable of reading a fingerprint to unlock the device and approve App Store purchases. Alongside the launch of the iPhone 5S, Apple design Jony Ive's team unveiled a completely redesigned iOS 7. Gone was the skeumorphic design that was commonplace since the original iPhone, replaced instead with a "flat" design with new app icons, and more animated interactions. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani Add even more color to the lineup Bucking the trend of releasing one iPhone model a year, Apple announced the iPhone 5C alongside the iPhone 5S. The iPhone 5C was a colorful, less-expensive model available in a myriad of bright colors. Internally, the iPhone 5C was identical to the iPhone 5. Until the iPhone 5C, Apple had discounted previous iPhone models and positioned them as entry-level models. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani Going big -- finally After years of pressure, resistance, and skepticism in September 2014 Apple announced two iPhone models, both of which grew in size. Android smartphones had larger screens for years prior. The iPhone 6 shipped with a 4.7-inch display, while the iPhone 6 Plus measured 5.5 inches. Both models featured a more rounded look and feel. Two antenna lines adorned the back of the phone, and the power button was moved from the top of the phone to the right side. Due to its thinner design, the 8-megapixel camera now protruded from the back of the phone. For the first time, Apple included an NFC chip in the iPhone, however it limited its use to its own mobile payment service, Apple Pay. Shortly after release the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were wrapped up in another "gate." Dubbed "Bendgate," widespread reports and numerous YouTube videos surfaced showing how easy it was to bend the phones, rendering them useless. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani Do you like pink? With the announcement of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, Apple continued its tick-tock release schedule. From the outside, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S lineup look practically identical, save for the new pink -- or as Apple calls it Rose Gold -- color option. This brought the total number of iPhone colors to four: space gray, silver, gold, and rose gold. With the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, Apple introduced 3D Touch, a second generation Touch ID sensor, and a 12-megapixel camera. 3D Touch is a combination of software and hardware working together to determine how hard a user is pressing on the display of the phone. Using varying degrees of pressure, a user can bring up different menus or preview content such as links or photos in the Messages app. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani A retro iPhone Breaking from a yearly iPhone announcement, in March of 2016 Apple held a special event where it announced the iPhone SE. In a conversation I had with Apple's director of marketing, Phil Schiller, at the event, Schiller told me the "SE" stood for "Special Edition." The new iPhone looks identical to the older iPhone 5S, and is a smaller alternative to the bigger iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. It's also priced lower, making it an ideal device for first time smartphone buyers and for emerging markets such as India. Internally, the iPhone SE is a mishmash of parts from the iPhone 6S and and the iPhone 5S, lacking 3D Touch and the second-generation Touch ID sensor. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani Present day In September 2016 Apple introduced the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Both devices look very similar to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S, however new color schemes and camera modules go a long way in differentiating the new models from predecessors. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available in black, jet black, silver, gold, and rose gold. The iPhone 7 Plus has two rear-facing cameras and a new depth of field feature, setting it apart from the standard iPhone 7. Apple sparked controversy with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus by doing away with the 3.5mm headphone jack. Apple announced completely wireless earbuds, called AirPods, alongside the iPhone 7 as an alternative to the lack of a headphone jack. Included in the box with each iPhone 7 is a Lightning-to-3.5mm adapter and a pair of Lightning headphones. The iPhone 7 line also did away with 16 GB of storage, something critics and users had been asking for for years. Now, the iPhone has 32 GB, 128 GB, or 256 GB of storage. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple Caption by: Jason Cipriani The next 10 years It's amazing how much the iPhone has changed throughout the years. From a small, slow, yet capable phone to something that's on par with computers in terms of processing power. Where will it go from here? Only Apple knows. ZDNet's Adrian Kingsley-Hughes has some ideas. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Photo by: Apple/Getty Images Caption by: Jason Cipriani 1 of 14 NEXT PREV The evolution of iPhone through the years Let's take a trip down memory lane as we look at how the iPhone has changed over the past 10 years. Read More Read Less Steve Jobs reveals the first iPhone The iPhone has become a staple of the smartphone industry, time and time again setting the bar for Apple's competitors. Although Apple has, at times, been caught playing catch up. While the basic form factor and subtle iOS nuances are still present, the iPhone has certainly evolved over the past 10 years. Stroll down memory lane as we look at how the iPhone has changed. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation Published: January 8, 2017 -- 17:00 GMT (09:00 PST) Caption by: Jason Cipriani Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Galleries Mobility Silk iPhone 7 collection hands-on: Style, protection, and functionality at affordable prices Laptops Top accessories for your MacBook (2017 edition) iOS iPhone and iPad 'Power User' secrets ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Opinion Last Modified: Mon, Jan 09 2017. 02 55 AM IST The tech giants’ race to a trillion dollars Their primary battlegrounds are likely to be cloud computing and artificial intelligence Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Livemint Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint On his trip to India last week, Google’s chief executive officer Sundar Pichai said, “The Internet and digital technology will be an engine of growth for the Indian economy.” That is a boilerplate sentiment these days. But what about the obverse? As hardware upgrade cycles lengthen and computing paradigms undergo rapid transformation, how are the reigning tech giants pushing to keep their growth momentum going? In April 2015, Apple hit its highest ever market capitalization of $774 billion. It would have taken a brave man to bet against the firm Steve Jobs revived being the first to the fabled trillion-dollar market cap mark. But the tech industry is a fickle beast. Apple’s market cap now is $619 billion. That still makes it the leader of the pack by a distance, but it no longer appears as invincible as it once did. Ann Winblad, one of Silicon Valley’s reigning power brokers—a venture capitalist who has spent over three decades observing the industry from up close—has dismissed its chances of hitting a trillion dollars. She’d rather hang her hat on Google’s parent company, Alphabet, with a current market cap of $551 billion. Other analysts point to Microsoft, bouncing back from its long twilight, or Amazon, currently at $484 billion and $368 billion, respectively. The reason for Apple’s slowing down a touch isn’t particularly surprising in hindsight. Its meteoric climb was predicated on its being a personal computing company—one that built its brand around creating new product categories, delivering best-in-class products and a polished user experience. Here’s the thing: personal computing devices, from computers to smartphones, are good enough now to obviate the need for frequent upgrades. And just as Apple lapped Microsoft by creating the smartphone and tablet categories that contributed to the traditional personal computer industry dwindling, future growth in the tech industry will likely come from two areas where it lacks a qualitative edge. The first of these is cloud computing. The ability to rent on-demand processing power, storage and software online is, essentially, the equivalent of division of labour and labour specialization in conventional industries. It sidesteps the need for a great deal of capital expenditure. And it enables greater efficiency in resource allocation, allowing companies to upgrade capacity as and when needed, then scale down again. The potential is obvious. Amazon has an early mover advantage here notwithstanding its image as primarily an e-commerce company. It started Amazon Web Services a decade and more ago, originally intended for its own use but eventually made available to others. It has captured about a third of the market now, leaving Google and Microsoft far behind. The latter are moving to correct this; there is a reason Satya Nadella, formerly head of Microsoft’s cloud business, was made the Redmond giant’s chief executive. Microsoft, after all, reigned supreme in the enterprise space. This is a natural evolution—renting out computing power and software to companies instead of selling software to them. The second area is the linked spheres of artificial intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IoT). The battle to control homes as entire ecosystems—smart homes—is the most high-profile aspect of this. As daily devices from microwaves to refrigerators to cars become networked, there are two prerequisites for unlocking their full potential: intuitive ways to control them via natural language recognition and algorithms to analyse the constant stream of data from them and enable predictive behaviour and increased efficiency. Apple may have started the AI wars with Siri on its smartphones and tablets, but Amazon, again, stole a march with the Alexa AI hosted on its Echo speaker and hub. Google has followed suit with Google Home, and Microsoft has recently announced Project Evo, an initiative to build similar hubs. And it’s worth keeping in mind that the scope for enterprise applications of AI and IoT is considerably larger than that for the consumer market; the learnings from the latter will be applied to the former. There are no certainties in the tech industry, of course. There was a time when companies like IBM and Oracle led the rest. And while the control the reigning tech giants have established protects them from competitors, it also opens them up to unexpected challenges, such as from European regulators wary of monopolistic behaviour. But for now, it seems the primary battles will play out between them—and the contours of those battles will impact both the functioning of enterprises and how individuals interact with technology that not too long ago used to be static and desk-bound. Which tech company is most likely to hit the trillion-dollar mark first? Tell us at views@livemint.com Livemint Topics: Google Apple Microsoft tech companies digital technology More From Livemint READ MORE Paytm claims ‘phenomenal response’ to new service categories Why the rhetoric of caste vs development in UP polls rings hollow Nintendo takes big gamble with Switch’s split personality First Published: Mon, Jan 09 2017. 02 32 AM IST Editor's Picks Union budget: Good economics, good politics, or bit of both? Finance ministry, Reserve Bank and autonomy Govt planning to overhaul Rs10,000 crore start-up fund Latest News Paytm claims ‘phenomenal response’ to new service categories Why the rhetoric of caste vs development in UP polls rings hollow Nintendo takes big gamble with Switch’s split personality Believing in India’s solar mission takes a leap of faith Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Report Mint On Sunday How Aryabhata got the earth's circumference right  Of Firuz Shah, the other Tughlaq Letter from... my social media feeds  Be afraid. But don’t be very afraid. The best new Indian restaurants in London Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama LeaksweatherTrumpTayyabaCricketmilitary courtskarachi eat Hot Topics Panama Leaks weather Trump Tayyaba Cricket military courts karachi eat Print Story X Print Story Home / Sci-Tech / Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 | By  AAFP | January 09, 2017 Sci-Tech 0 0 LAS VEGAS: The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone -- introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 -- set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone's focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. "Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. "Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity." Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting "infotainment" systems that sync with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. "The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone's daily life," Blau said. Altered landscape The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystallised, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. "It's pretty remarkable what it did," Maxwell said of the iPhone. "We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it." Putting the internet in people's pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialise and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. "It turned the industry on its head," Maxwell said at CES. "It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape." The iPhone powered Apple's money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market. Missed targets Apple chief executive Tim Cook and other top executives saw their compensation for 2016 cut because internal income targets were missed, according to a filing Friday with US regulators. "The two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels," Apple said in the filing. "These results were below the target performance goals." Apple reported net sales of $215.6 billion for the fiscal year, with an operating income of $60 billion, the filing indicated. Cook's pay will tally $8.75 million as compared with $10.3 million in 2015. His base pay jumped to $3 million from $2 million. Apple's profit in the quarter ending September 24 slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered optimism on company efforts to kerb dependence on its smartphone. Apple is to release performance figures for the recently ended quarter on January 31. Apple has been working to make more money from services and apps. The iPhone maker said its App Store had its busiest single day ever on New Year's Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season for the online shop. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion from software creations tailored for Apple devices, according to the company. Meanwhile, eyes are on Apple for its next "big thing" in the face of worry that the company lost its innovative mojo with the passing of Jobs in 2011. Rumours of projects in the works include a self-driving car. "I think they will have a next big thing," analyst Blau said. "But the future of the company will rely on smaller innovation. And there is nothing wrong with that kind of a business."   0 0 Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 was posted in Sci-Tech of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on January 09, 2017 and was last updated on January 09, 2017. This news story is related to Science News, Technology News, Science And Technology News, Latest Scienece News, Latest Technology News, Geo News, Iphone, Blackberry, Steve Jobs. Permanent link to the news story "Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/126597-Smartphone-revolution-blazes-on-as-iPhone-turns-10. More From Sci-Tech: January 16, 2017 Facebook Germany says it will start tackling fake news in weeks January 15, 2017 Moon is 4.51 billion years old, much older than we thought January 15, 2017 Startup investors fret over risks of mass data collection January 14, 2017 SpaceX launches, lands first rocket since Sept explosion January 14, 2017 WhatsApp vulnerable to snooping: report January 13, 2017 French, US astronauts install batteries outside space station January 13, 2017 Nintendo disappoints with $299 price for new Switch console January 11, 2017 Tech bigwigs sense threat from AI, form fund to research best practices Latest News 1 hour ago Husband kills wife for not permitting him second marriage 1 hour ago Crackdown against kite flyers in Lahore, 66 arrested 2 hours ago Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 2 hours ago PML-N (UK) vice president survives assassination attempt 3 hours ago Black Lady Liberty to grace US coin 3 hours ago 'Hidden Figures' soars in second week atop box office GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Gartner predicts Apple will overtake Microsoft in smart device shipments in 2017 -8 by Surur  @mspoweruser Jan 8, 2017 at 21:19 GMT1 week ago When it comes to the total number of PCs and Smartphones shipped 2014-2016 neither Microsoft nor Apple have anything to crow about, with both seeing declines over the last three years. Devices running a Microsoft OS in particular have seen steep declines over the last 5 years, with 350 million Windows PCs being sold in 2012, vs 260 million in 2016, according to Gartner’s estimates. The death of Windows Phone of course means that this is the primary measure of Microsoft’s OS shipments, while Apple is conversely reliant on the iPhone for their volume.  Apple has also seen stagnation and year on year declines over the last few years, but unlike for Microsoft Gartner believes the iPhone 8 will turn things around for that company, finally pushing it ahead in terms of total number of device shipments. Gartner expects Apple to ship 16 million more devices in 2017, and ultimately 28 million more devices by 2019. Microsoft Windows Apple iOS+OSX 2016 260 248 2017 252 268 2018 253 276 2019 257 285 “The global devices market is stagnating,” said Gartner analyst Ranjit Atwal in a statement Wednesday. Mobile phone shipments are growing only in emerging markets in the Asia and Pacific markets, Atwal added, and noted that, “The PC market is just reaching the bottom of its decline.” Of course Apple overtaking Microsoft would only have symbolic significance.  Google’s Android has long overtaken both, with devices running a Microsoft OS only 11.2% of the 2.3 billion devices shipped in 2016. While Microsoft’s efforts to popularize Windows Phone has failed, it has not completely exited the market, and continues to push the OS, via OEMs, as an operating system for the enterprise. In addition Microsoft has started a new effort centered on VR and AR headsets and the internet of Things, though it is unclear of any of these would result in a volume of shipments which would make a material difference. On the other hand Gartner’s bet on Apple arresting and ever reversing their decline in 2017 is rather reminiscent of IDC’s optimistic predictions for Windows Phone. It is likely that even Apple’s rumoured best efforts at a border-less, button-less, headphone-less smartphone would have already been eclipsed by other more popular OEMs such as Samsung, and Apple’s best days are over. Unlike Apple however Microsoft has already largely diversified into an enterprise services company, and while a tear may be shed by Steve Ballmer if Apple does indeed overtake Microsoft shipments-wise, I suspect current CEO Satya Nadella would only see more customers for Office 365. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source Computerworld Related analysis apple gartner microsoft Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending You can now install SUSE Linux distribution inside WSL on Windows 10 by Pradeep 0 Trending Windows 10’s new Game Mode officially announced by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 30: The Insider Program gets rolling again by Andrew Bennett on January 13, 2017 The Insider Program is back with two gigantic builds, and both Vernon and Andrew are ready to look under the hood and see what’s new! You can listen to the podcast on SoundCloud above,... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Deal Alert: HP OMEN X Desktop $600 off for a limited time by Surur on January 15, 2017 HP is running a short promotion on the OMEN X Desktop, offering $600 off the usual list price of the fully customizable, powerful desktop. The OMEN X offers a revolutionary thermal managemen... You can now install SUSE Linux distribution inside WSL on Windows 10 by Pradeep With the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL), you can now run Linux binaries natively on Windows 10. With WSL, you can now run native Bash on Ubuntu on Windows. You can now run Bash scripts, L... Fitbit signing up beta testers for Call & SMS Notifications support on Fitb... by Surur We recently reported that Microsoft worked with Fitbit to bring GATT Server profile to Windows 10 Insider Build 15007 and suggested this meant we should see support from that company soon. I... Windows 10 Build 15007 may take long to install on your PC by Surur If you are a Windows 10 Insider and are having some issues installing the latest 15007 Build we have some bad news and some good news for you. The bad news is that this is a known issue, but... WhartonBrooks’s Cerulean Windows Phone still “full steam ahead”... by Surur US based company WhartonBrooks has been building hype around a “ground breaking” Windows 10 Phone that would “breaks the mold of current technological thinking to create a ... Deals Deals Deal: Prime member get ‘Fallout 4’ for half off at Amazon Online retailer Amazon is offering Bethesda’s ‘Fallout 4’ for only $19.99. This is a great deal as the digital version of the title is still $59.99. However this deal is on... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and Type Cover for £699 PC World UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core i5, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this d... Deal: Get 500 GB Xbox One S Battlefield 1 Bundle for $267 You can now get the 500 GB Xbox One S Battlefield 1 Bundle for just $267 from online retailer Amazon, along with free shipping. This bundle comes with a full-game download of Battlefield 1... Deal: Forza Horizon 3 Ultimate Edition now available for £29.99 Forza Horizon 3 Ultimate Edition game is now available for just £29.99 from Amazon UK. Since it supports Xbox Play Anywhere, you can play this game on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no ... Deal: Save $150 on select Surface Book devices from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $150 discount on select Surface Book devices in the US. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1349 and Surface... Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow The iPhone at 10: It changed everything 2.6k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The original Apple iPhone Image: Associated Press By Lance Ulanoff2017-01-08 21:01:09 UTC When something is as ubiquitous as the iPhone, it can be hard to remember what life was like without it. Apple’s iPhone, which was introduced 10 years ago today at MacWorld by Apple co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs, is more than a device or expert integration of components, software and design. It’s a cultural object with influence that’s still being felt far and wide. I wasn’t present at the unveiling. At the time, I worked for PCMag.com and, though we covered Apple and its products, we didn’t always attend MacWorld (back then, Macs held just a fraction of the then critical desktop market). We were aware that Apple had smartphone ambitions, but they were entering a market dominated by BlackBerry, Palm, Microsoft and Nokia (for less-smart “feature phones”).  Even so, by 2007, Steve Jobs had already proven he could disrupt and transform a market. Apple’s iPod hijacked the music player industry (and maybe the music industry, too) and laid the groundwork for every pocket-sized device to come, including, of course, the iPhone. Before the iPhone, there were touchscreen communication devices, but virtually all of them had physical keyboards. Screens were fine for the occasional taps and menu selections, but the real work got done on tiny, plastic keys. Even gaming needed physical controls. To play Breakout on my old Blackberry Bold, I used the tiny trackball. If I wanted to draw on a touchscreen, as I sometimes did on my old Palm Trio 700p, I used a stylus. The first iPhone wasn’t an assured homerun: It was expensive: $499 to $599. It was available on just one carrier: AT&T. It had no keyboard. Apple had no phone experience at all.  Apple didn’t own the "iPhone" name. It was a pithy product name coined by Infogear in 1998. By 2007 Cisco owned the brand name. First Cisco sued, but settled before the iPhone shipped. The great unknown What the iPhone had going for it in those early days was a mystique. Steve Jobs unveiled the device, demonstrating it on stage in January of 2007, but it would be months before the iPhone went on sale. By June of that year, the unseen, untested, illusive iPhone was the most talked about gadget in the world. (Few will remember that AppleTV made its debut at that same January 2007 event, and it took years for it to have even a margin of the iPhone’s impact.) SEE ALSO: iPhone 8, AI and Trump: Welcome to Apple in 2017 Just prior to shipping the first iPhones in July, Jobs handed them to a handful of lucky journalists (not this one). The mania surrounding these men and the gadgets they had sworn to keep hidden from view was such that when I did spot one reporter whom I knew had one, I all but tackled him and wrestled it out of his hands (in reality, USA Today’s Ed Baig handed it to me with zero fuss or fanfare). I wrote an entire hands-on story based on my 10 minutes with the first iPhone. It was such an important story that we squeezed it into an issue of PC Magazine that was just days from hitting the newsstands. What I remember about that day is that when I finally touched the iPhone, the earth seemed to move. This was the rare consumer electronics devices that lived up to my expectations (and the promises of its maker). It was beautiful, responsive, intuitive, and smarter than any smartphone I had ever touched. Yes, I stumbled badly with the virtual keyboard, but even then, I knew that was my problem and not the iPhone’s. I also knew that nothing in the smartphone universe would ever be the same. The iPhone was a shot through the heart of BlackBerry, Nokia and Microsoft. None of their smartphone fortunes would ever truly recover. They had their chances, but BlackBerry misunderstood the difference between a button and a touch screen and delivered the abysmal Storm, a touchscreen that worked like a giant button. Microsoft sat on its hands for years and then delivered bad ideas like the dead-on-arrival Kin. Nokia, a company that prided itself on unusual and innovative designs, essentially threw up its hands. Steam roller The iPhone also turned into a category killer. The first iPhone had just one 3.2-megapixel camera, but by 2010, it had two, including a 5-megapixel camera capable of 720p video recording. Almost from the start, consumers used the iPhone camera, especially since the rise of the iPhone coincided with that of mobile social media. Eventually people started to leave their point-and-shoot cameras at home and share far more images than they ever did with those digital, but largely disconnected, devices. The first iPhone had an iPod inside it, essentially torpedoing the iPod momentum (Apple had already sold millions of them). Even an all-screen iPod could not stop what became a steady decline. Apple doesn’t even hold iPod launch events anymore. Apple CEO Steve Jobs plays a Beatles Song on iTunes as he introduces the new iPhone at the MacWorld in San Francisco, Jan. 9, 2007. Image: ASSOCIATED PRESS Two years before the launch of the iPhone, I gave a talk about mobile phone gaming and showed the audience a motorcycle racing game running on an old Samsung feature phone. It was one of the first phones to feature haptic technology, so the phone vibrated with the game. The screen was tiny and the sound tinny, but it was a big hit. People clearly wanted to play games on their mobile phones. With its large screen, myriad sensors and, for the time, larger speaker, few smartphones at the time were more perfectly built for mobile gaming than the iPhone.  Yes, I know, the iPhone did not arrive with its own app store. That happened in March of the following year, but can anyone really remember a time when we weren’t downloading apps and playing games on our iPhones?  Handheld gaming devices have seen a vinyl-record-like revival in recent years, but there’s no question that the growth of the iPhone coincided with the fall of handheld-gaming leader Nintendo, which tried to lure gamers back with gimmicks like the 3DS. Ups and downs It hasn’t all been smooth sailing for the iPhone. It took almost four years for Apple to expand beyond a single carrier, leaving the door open for Google and Android. To this day, there are more Android devices than iPhones in use around the world. Apple’s first major iPhone redesign, which switched out most of the curves for edges and exposed antennas, led to one of the iPhone’s biggest controversies: Antenna Gate, a classic line from Steve Jobs (“You’re holding it wrong”) and Apple's’ rare and begrudging apology. Steve Jobs died on Oct. 5, 2011, just days after Apple unveiled the iPhone 4S. Rarely has the leader of a company and our perception of him been so intertwined with a product. It was, at the time, hard to imagine how Apple would innovate on its core product without him (that remains a fair question to this day). iPhone Part II There is no way to compress a decade’s worth of innovation, impressive sales (1 billion iPhone sold) and cultural change into one story. The iPhone changed our perception of mobile gadgets and, through innovation and countless apps, our lives. Apple’s iPhone did not have to be the product to do this. Someone else could have made a game-changing smartphone, but they didn’t. Maybe it’s because they didn’t have Steve Jobs or perhaps they didn’t have the vision to see how all these disparate parts would make a beautiful whole. Today, virtually every new smartphone on the market is either a pale imitation of the iPhone or owes its success to the iPhone’s influence on smartphone design.  Apple iPhone’s next 10 years will almost certainly not be like its first 10. The company is now more apt to follow (and improve upon) than lead and its attention is increasingly turning to lucrative services built on the back of the still popular mobile handset. The iPhone’s best days may be behind it. Or maybe not. Tim Cook could pull on some faded jeans, lace up a pair of white New Balance sneakers, slip into a black mock turtle neck, walk out on stage this September and reinvent the smartphone category all over again. It could happen. BONUS: Everything we think we know about the new iPhone Topics: Apple, Gadgets, Mashable Must Reads, iPhone, smartphone, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
31° Columnists Trending Columnists Home News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Autos Home Dale Bowman Rick Morrissey Rick Telander Steve Greenberg Dan Mihalopoulos Jeff Agrest Lynn Sweet Rich Roeper Bill Zwecker Hedy Weiss Neil Steinberg Mark Brown Mary Mitchell Sneed Sponsored Content Columnists Columnists 01/08/2017, 03:15pm Steinberg: Something big behind iPhone, and it wasn’t just Apple Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up the iPhone during his keynote address at MacWorld Conference & Expo in San Francisco, Tuesday, Jan. 9, 2007. | AP file photo Neil Steinberg @NeilSteinberg | email Follow @neilsteinberg Alexander Graham Bell was not trying to invent the telephone when he did just that. What he was trying to do, at first, was make a better telegraph. It was the 1870s, and the telegraph was 30 years old — about as old as cellphones are now. Like cellphones, the telegraph had become enormously popular, so popular that messages backed up at telegraph offices, waiting to be sent. The problem had to be solved; there was no point in telegraphing a message from Washington to Baltimore if it took three days for operators to get around to tapping out your message. You could walk it there in two. Bell was working on sending many messages simultaneously through the same line in the form of different tones, then stumbled onto the idea that these tones could be a voice, a reminder of the often accidental nature of technological advancement. So it is fitting that when Apple founder and chief executive Steve Jobs began to develop the iPhone, which he unveiled on Jan. 9, 2007 — 10 years ago Monday — what he was trying to do was safeguard the iPod, his wildly popular music player responsible for nearly half of Apple’s revenue. Jobs saw how cellphones decimated the digital camera industry, and worried his competitors would include music too. Then Apple might become Kodak: just another once-hot tech company. Jan. 9, 2007, was also the day Apple dropped the word “Computer” from its corporate name, because it was going to be more than a computer company. You can’t sail across the ocean without leaving the shore. When Jobs announced the iPhone, at the company’s MacWorld convention in San Francisco, he telegraphed his priorities by the order he listed them. “Today, we’re introducing three revolutionary products . . ., ” he began, “an iPod, a phone, and an Internet communicator.” The big reveal was that all three were contained in one device. “We are calling it ‘iPhone,'” Jobs said — the definite article “the” coming later, as did the ability to shoot videos. The camera on the first iPhone couldn’t take videos. None of the features Jobs thought were important ended up being what was really influential about the iPhone. Certainly not playing music or making phone calls, or even connecting to the Internet itself. But taking and posting videos — that ended up toppling governments and rocking our nation, most recently last week, affecting such basic matters as race relations and our view of the police. OPINION Follow @neilsteinberg Usually credit for the iPhone is laid at Jobs’ feet, and rightly so. But Italian economist Mariana Mazzucato points out something worth remembering on this anniversary: credit should be spread. In her book, “The Entrepreneurial State,” she points out that the 12 key technologies that make smartphones smart, from GPS to touchscreen displays to, of course, the Internet, all came from government research projects. Apple might have gathered them together in one oh-so-attractive package, but crediting Jobs with creating the iPhone is like saying Alexander Graham Bell invented the idea of communicating over a wire. He didn’t. The wires were already there. This is important because our president-elect and his Congress cherish tearing down government and defaming science as a core principle, while still lauding business innovators like Jobs. When the truth is — for that dwindling slice of us who care about truth — that without both science and vigorous government investment in it, these advances will dry up. Not right away. And the sad part — one of many sad parts — is, we’ll never know what advances won’t arrive due to our government being kneecapped because the advances simply won’t be here. We won’t know, so we won’t miss them. Or maybe we will. When the iPhone debuted, we thought it was just the beginning. “It’s a genuine handheld, walk-around computer, the first device that really deserves the name,” Lev Grossman wrote in a 2007 Time magazine article, contrasting the iPhone with the clunky, monochrome 2001 iPod.  “Now imagine something that’s going to make the iPhone look that primitive. You’ll have one in a few years. It’ll be very cool. And it’ll be even cheaper.” Didn’t happen. Apple glasses and watches are, so far, amusing curiosities. We’ll just have to keep imagining. Tweets by @neilsteinberg Previously from Columnists Illinois Senate vows swift action on ambitious budget plan Ryan Gosling upped his keyboard skills for ‘La La Land’ – Chicago Sun-Times Kapos: Ken Griffin makes big plans in Palm Beach Sweet: Valerie Jarrett, other Chicagoans look back at Obama years # iphone apple inc. Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: Ex wants to send me money in secret blackhawks Wild make statement with comeback victory over Blackhawks dear abby Dear Abby: 10 years of taunts by betrayed friend dear abby Georgia Nicols horoscopes for Jan. 15, 2016 chicago news Illinois Senate vows swift action on ambitious budget plan Post to Cancel
Share 14 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-15 The Best New Podcasts Of 2016 Entertainment 2017-01-15 Here Are Eight Of The Best Netflix Movies And Series That Are Overlooked Entertainment 2017-01-15 EXO, BTS Big Winners In 31st Golden Disk Awards, Bangtan Boys Prep For Upcoming Album Next Month Entertainment 2017-01-14 ‘The Wizard Of Lies’: See Robert De Niro As Bernie Madoff In Teaser For New HBO Movie [Video] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-15 Bernie Sanders Headlines Rallies To Support Obamacare And Save Health Care Opinion 2017-01-15 Martin Luther King Jr Would Not Have Approved of Obama’s Legacy News 2017-01-15 Texas 911 Operator Answers Call From Own Teen Daughter, Who Was Reporting A Fire At Their Home News 2017-01-15 What’s Open On Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2017? Find A Full List Of What’s Open, What’s Closed, And Where To Find The Best Sales Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2017-01-15 Jose Mourinho Reveals Reason For Jurgen Klopp Fight During Manchester United And Liverpool Game Wrestling 2017-01-15 WWE News: Pro Wrestling Legends React To The Death Of ‘Superfly’ Jimmy Snuka Football 2017-01-15 NFL Playoffs Results: Green Bay Packers Defeat Dallas Cowboys, Will Face Atlanta Falcons In NFC Championship Game Basketball 2017-01-15 Carmelo Anthony Hints At Possibly Waiving No-Trade Clause — Could A Trade Happen? Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-15 Japanese Broad Tapeworm Spotted In Alaskan Salmon, Says New CDC Study Health 2017-01-15 Stress Linked To Increased Heart Attacks And Strokes: Study Suggests It All Starts In Your Head Health 2017-01-15 Woman Killed By Superbug: ‘Pan-Resistant’ Bacteria Now Considered Worldwide Threat To Humans Health 2017-01-15 Marijuana Report Fails To Find Any Real Health Benefits, Cannabis Use May Even Cause Heart Attacks Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-15 Nintendo Switch: Problems In Messaging Could Plague Sales [Video] Gaming 2017-01-15 Microsoft’s New Creators Update To Increase Performance Of Both Windows 10 And Xbox One Gaming 2017-01-15 Is Sony Hiding Developers’ Disappointment With PS4 Pro? Gaming 2017-01-15 Two Games Going Free Tomorrow, January 16, For Xbox Live Gold Members BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Woman Uses Chicken To Shut Down A Guy Who Asks For Nude Pictures Via Text Message BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Mississippi City Chooses To Celebrate ‘Great Americans Day’ Instead Of MLK Day And The Internet Destroys The Idea BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Quora User, 17, Claims To Have Caught Dad Snooping In On Sex Story Call While Pleasuring Himself BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 More Trumpgrets: Trump Supporters Who Regret Voting For Him Blast PEOTUS On Twitter, New Site Asks ‘Are You Sorry Yet?’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss The iPhone 8 Will Be Cheaper If Made In India Initiative Pulls Through Technology 14 0 0 January 8, 2017 The iPhone 8 Will Be Cheaper If Made In India Initiative Pulls Through Jovi Figueroa Apple iPhone 8 units could get cheaper, thanks to the planned Apple manufacturing unit in India—if it gets through the Indian government. It’s been a while since Apple started to convince the Indian government to push through with the planned Apple factory in Bengaluru. Deccan Chronicle reported that if the planned Apple factory gets built in Bengaluru, it could pave the way for cheaper “made in India” iPhone 8 devices. If you’ve ever wondered where your Apple iPhone was made, then you’ll only be slightly right if you say every iPhone is made in China. Mac World notes that every component, every element of the iPhone is made and sourced from a different country, as does manufacturing and assembly. The United States, South Korea, China, Taiwan, Japan, Netherlands, and Italy are only some of the countries where the parts of the iPhone are made and sourced; while assembly can happen in China, Thailand, Malaysia, the Czech Republic, South Korea, Singapore, and the Philippines. This goes to say that since a bulk of the manufacturing process comes from and happens in China, the iPhones are then labelled with a “Made in China.” But did you know that according to research firm IHS, it only costs Apple $236 to manufacture one 16 GB iPhone 6s Plus unit? Upgrading the memory to 64 GB will cost you $100 more in retail but in reality, it only costs them an extra $17. With iPhone units selling at more than $800, that makes for a manufacturing price that’s tripled in price! What a rip-off! And to make matters worse, in most cases, iPhone units are even more expensive than they already are in countries outside U.S. thanks to tax and shipping costs. iPhone units sell for more than thrice the cost of building it [Image by Chesnot/Getty Images] Will Apple’s move to establish an iPhone factory in India, then, offset the price of the iPhone? For Indian patrons, surely, it will be a better iPhone landscape. But despite the promising effects that an iPhone factory gets set up in India poses for the market, the Indian government continues to hold the company at their shores. According to reports, Apple is poised to start manufacturing as early as April this year, but the final details have yet been ironed out by Apple and the Indian government. Apple Insider reported that despite aggressive efforts of the international mogul, the Indian government refuses to give Apple tax benefits and incentives, which Apple hopes will pave the way for cheaper iPhone units. According to Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, they are not granting special tax incentives to Apple on the grounds that: one, India is already offering substantial subsidies for electronics manufacturers in their country; and two, no other smartphone company operating on Indian shores is receiving some other kind of tax benefit as Apple demands. In fact, if the Indian government would yield to Apple’s requests, although they will be able to produce cheaper iPhone units, it would push the government to extend the same courtesy to other companies, or it would look unfair. As of the moment, Apple has manufacturer Wistron already building in India and another Apple manufacturing partner Foxconn has already facilities in the country. No Apple iPhone units are being manufactured in India to date, but Apple hopes that this changes in 2017. Last year, without Apple manufacturing plants in India, nor corporate-owned retail stores, the iPhone already seized 66 percent of India’s premium phone sales in October. All iPhone units are being sold via authorized Apple resellers so far. Imagine if Apple starts to set up camp in India: that could terribly bring down the price of the upcoming iPhone 8, and even bring down the price and make accessible to the market other iPhone services and repairs. People line up at Apple reseller store in India during iPhone 7 launch [Image by S Burmaula/Hindustan Times via Getty Images] Indian.com hopes that an Indian manufacturing factory will finally be able to put a competitive price tag on the iPhone 8, as well as a simultaneous release date with that of the US. We still have time before the new iPhone 8 lands this 2017. Will we finally see a “Made in India” iPhone 8 debut this year? [Featured image by View Apart / Shutterstock.com] Now Watch This: Nintendo Switch Takes Aim At A New Generation Now Read This: Anne Frank: Is Pendant Found At Sobibor Linked To Famous Diarist? Share 14 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jovi Figueroa Tags: Apple, India, iPhone 6s, iPhone 7 January 15, 2017 Apple iPhone 8 And Samsung Galaxy S8 Battle Heats Up January 15, 2017 Beyonce Vs. Taylor Swift: Which Icon Is The Biggest Pop Star Of The Decade? View full timeline 15 hours ago Apple iPhone 8 And Samsung Galaxy S8 Battle Heats Up 17 hours ago iPhone 8 Specs And Features: Role Of Samsung In The Upcoming iPhone 8 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Bernie Sanders Headlines Rallies To Support Obamacare And Save Health Care Sasha Obama’s Bikini Ensemble May Signal Career In Fashion After Leaving The White House Martin Luther King Jr Would Not Have Approved of Obama’s Legacy Meghan Markle’s Net Worth And Other Interesting Tidbits Of Information Jose Mourinho Reveals Reason For Jurgen Klopp Fight During Manchester United And Liverpool Game Tabloid Claims Joy Anna Duggar Is Having Sex Outside-Of-Wedlock, Friend Says False [Rumor] ‘RHOA’ Star Phaedra Parks Blocked By Apollo Nida When She Tried To Sell Their Home End Of An Era: American Apparel Closes Stores And Moves To Canada Texas 911 Operator Answers Call From Own Teen Daughter, Who Was Reporting A Fire At Their Home WWE News: Pro Wrestling Legends React To The Death Of ‘Superfly’ Jimmy Snuka Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Democrats Found Out This Week That Bernie Supporters Are Not Going Away Any Time Soon [Opinion] 25.8k 0 0 WWE News: Nearly 1,000-Pound Man Known As ‘Pakistani Hulk’ Looking To Join WWE — Will Triple H Give Him A Chance? 20.7k 0 0 Dreamcatcher, K-pop Rookie Girl Group, Set To Debut With Spooky First Single ‘Chase Me’ — Check Out The Teasers [Video] 7.6k 0 0 Kai Of EXO Cast In KBS K-Drama ‘Andante’ — SM Entertainment K-Pop Idol Confirmed As Male Lead In Drama Opposite Jung Da Bin 5.6k 0 0 My Experience As A LuLaRoe Consultant And Why I’m Getting Out 14.1k 0 0 EXO’s Kai Never Wanted To Be An Idol??? Kpop Star Makes Surprising Revelation In New 2017 Interview, Talks Coping With Ankle Injury 11.2k 0 0 Recent Videos Space Watch SpaceX Launch First Rocket Since Explosion Technology Snapchat Chooses London For New Headquarters Technology Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Sunday, Jan 15, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Technology TECHNOLOGY Odd apps help make life more interesting Cover everything from faking phone calls to logging bathroom breaks By Kirk Baird  | BLADE STAFF WRITER Published on Jan. 8, 2017 | Updated 12:46 p. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print BLADE ILLUSTRATION/TOM FISHER Enlarge Even as smartphones have revolutionized our lives, they’ve also taken some strange turns. For example, through apps you can: — Schedule a fake call or a text to save you amid a bad date. — Find someone for a friendly hug. — Mark the location of your, uhm, restroom visits. Yes, there really is an app for that — and much, much more.  Below are 10 apps for Apple and/or Android phones that, while not essential, certainly make life more ... interesting. Spoonr (formerly Cuddlr, Apple and Android) Described as a “location-based social-meeting app for cuddling,” Spoonr puts users in touch with those nearby who are also in need of a hug and cuddle time. Don’t let your mind wander into the gutter; as the app says, “Spoonr springs from the belief that we don’t have enough opportunities for safe, consensual, non-scripted, communicative, spontaneous physical affection carrying no further expectations.” After all, couldn’t we all use a big hug every now and then? What The Forecast?!! (Apple) Toledo-area weather is as fickle and volatile as those opinionated texts sent to an ex an hour after you closed down the bar with friends. What The Forecast?!! is an app that understands that and makes you laugh by mocking the predicament of bad weather by “loading a weather report that will annoy you.” Profanity can be adjusted, as can the creepy voice that taunts our predicament mid-winter. Misery loves company ... even those that mock. Places I’ve Pooped (Apple and Android) Yes, everyone poops ... and now these app users can share with friends, family, and strangers where they did their dirty business. It’s the perfect app for those traveling to those destinations where accommodating commodes may be in short supply. Run Pee (Apple and Android) Let's all go to the movies and have ourselves a treat ... and a half-hour later shift nervously in our seats as our screaming bladders, now full with a frosty-cold soft drinks, have our full attention. But leaving for the restroom right then could cause us to miss some key plot twist that reveals the hero is really a nefarious double agent. Run Pee and its user-provided tips relieve those concerns by suggesting when it’s OK to relieve yourself — and not miss any important dialogue or plot twists in the process. Loading the app prompted this ad for an overactive bladder: “Urgent bathroom trips always getting in the way?” Clearly the apps knows its audience. Paper Toss (Apple and Android) Life doesn’t offer many humiliations as cruel as missing the wastepaper basket only a few feet from your desk. It was an easy shot that should’ve gone in. And now everyone around you knows you have terrible aim. Paper Toss lets you practice your aim and delivery by flicking a digital wad of paper into a trash receptacle, testing your skills against a fan, for example. Warning: This app is highly addictive. But at least the only shame you'll feel when you miss comes from knowing your streak of 10-straight makes is finished. Fake Call / Fake-A-Text Free (Apple and Android) Everyone’s had those uncomfortable moments with someone else, whether a first — soon-to-be last — date, an awkward coworker, or your friend’s friend who should be registered with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for an uncanny ability to make life miserable for everyone around him/​her. With this app you can schedule your phone to simulate a call or create a fake text that’s so important, you just have to go. Sorry ... but, I've really gotta handle this. Bye. Tab (Apple and Android) We're not all math majors. For those times when you’re dining with friends — none of whom have mastered the rudimentary skills to operate their phone’s calculator — and the bill arrives, Tab removes the guesswork of simple addition among friends, family, and coworkers. The app scans the receipt so that meal can be separated into separate tabs. (Hence the name). Tab will also proportion the tip and the bill's tax between the group. Don’t let Steve in accounting get away with not paying his fair share again. Zippo Lighter / Lighter Pro (Apple and Android) Apps such as Zippo Lighter, Lighter Pro and many others help you salute that ’80s band and its chestnuts of power-ballads in that time-honored and most-proper tradition, but with a 21st century twist: a digital lighter. Hold your phone aloft and let your approval of that song about doomed love — with its 2.2 minutes of guitar soloing — be loud and proud with a simulated flame. What’s more rock and/​or roll? Magic 8-Ball (Official app and other generic variations; Apple and Android) Don’t submit to fate and chance when you can have the totally random yet sage advice from the all-knowing Magic 8-Ball guide your every move. And since it’s not always practical to lug around a personal oracle, this app makes soothsaying convenient and fun. Samples of real questions: “Should I accept this important promotion?” “Most Likely.” “Should I go through with the marriage even though I’m not in love?” “As I see it yes.” The Daily Fortune Cookie (Apple and Android) And for those who won’t ask for advice but want suggestions anyway, The Daily Fortune Cookie app lets you simulate biting into a digital fortune cookie for wisdom on a sliver of paper. “It doesn't matter. Nobody’s perfect,” it offered. Just don’t expect more than a cookie each day. “One fortune per day, don’t be greedy :-)” Contact Kirk Baird at kbaird@theblade.com or 419-724-6734. Related Items technology , mobile apps Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2016 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Podcast Official soccer jerseys Transfer news Books Menu Home Schedules Bundesliga TV Schedule Championship TV Schedule Champions League TV Schedule EPL TV Schedule Eredivisie TV Schedule Europa League TV Schedule La Liga TV Schedule Barcelona TV Schedule Real Madrid TV Schedule Liga MX TV Schedule Ligue Un TV Schedule MLS TV Schedule Primeira Liga TV schedule Scottish Premiership TV Schedule Serie A TV Schedule Streaming Comparison Guide beIN SPORTS Connect DirecTV Now FOX Soccer 2GO FOX Sports GO fuboTV NBC Sports App Sling TV TV Broadcast News Soccer TV Ratings Networks beIN SPORTS ESPN FOX Sports NBC Sports One World Sports Univision DirecTV vs. DISH Comparison Soccer Channels on DirecTV Soccer Channels on DISH Help Beginners Guides Bundesliga Championship Champions League EPL La Liga Serie A Follow Bundesliga Follow Campeonato Brasileiro Follow Championship Follow Champions League Follow EPL Follow La Liga Follow Liga MX Follow Ligue 1 Follow MLS Follow Serie A Guide to Soccer Commentators News Bundesliga Championship Champions League Chinese Super League Eredivisie Europa League La Liga Liga MX Ligue Un Major League Soccer NASL NWSL Olympics Premier League Primeira Liga Scottish Premiership Serie A USL Home PlayStation Vue Pros and cons of PlayStation Vue for soccer fans Pros and cons of PlayStation Vue for soccer fans Christopher Harris July 17, 2016 PlayStation Vue 19 Comments I took the opportunity to test drive PlayStation Vue recently, to see how it works and whether soccer fans may find it useful to watch the Beautiful Game. Here are the pros and cons: CONS 1. PlayStation Vue is more expensive than Sling TV. The cheapest plan PlayStation Vue has is $29.99/month compared to Sling Orange for $20/month or Sling Blue for $25/month. If you’re looking to save money, PlayStation Vue may not be the solution you want. 2. With PlayStation Vue, some channels are not available to watch on mobile phones or tablets even if you pay to subscribe to those channels. You can watch them on your PS3/PS4 or Roku, for example, but some of the channels aren’t accessible when watching PS Vue on your mobile device. According to PlayStation, they say that “Some channels are not available through PlayStation Vue Mobile due to streaming rights, and will be marked as such with a Mobile Restricted badge.” 3. You can’t use PlayStation Vue at your friend or family’s house, or on the road. For some strange season, PlayStation Vue ties your account to your home location. So if you do want to use it outside of your home, you’re unable to do so (there are some workarounds, however). On top of that, if your IP address changes for any reason, expect an array of error messages. 4. If you want to watch PlayStation Vue on your Windows PC or Apple computer, you can’t. There’s no app available for the PC, unlike Sling TV which runs on PCs and Apple computers. You have to watch PS Vue through an approved device such as a PS4, Roku, etc. 5. PlayStation Vue isn’t available on as many devices as fuboTV or Sling TV. You can watch PlayStation Vue only on a PS3 or PS4, or an Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick, iPad, iPhone, Android and Roku. In comparison, Sling TV is available on: Windows 7 & higher, Apple computers (Lion 10.7 & higher), Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Amazon Fire tablet (running Android 4.4.2+), Roku, Android TV, ZTE, Channel Master, Apple iOS 8 (& higher) phones & tablets, Android 4.0.3 (and higher) phones & tablets and Xbox One. fuboTV, meanwhile is available on: Windows PC, Mac, Apple iPhone, Apple iPad, Apple TV, Android smartphones, Android tablets, Roku, Amazon Fire TV and Amazon Kindle. 6. PlayStation Vue doesn’t provide access to beIN SPORTS Connect. And without beIN SPORTS Connect, you won’t be able to watch many La Liga, Championship, Serie A, Capital One Cup games, as well as other programming. In comparison, fuboTV provides access to beIN SPORTS Connect. 7. You have to create a PlayStation Network account in order to sign up for a trial to PlayStation Vue. If you already have a PS3 or PS4, then that’s no big deal. But if you don’t have either of those two consoles, you have to register for the PlayStation Network account, and then sign up for the PlayStation Vue trial. With Sling TV and fuboTV, you just sign up for the free trial and you’re in. 8. If you want to sign up for a free 7-day trial to PS Vue on your Roku, you can’t. You have to go to the PlayStation website, sign up for a free PlayStation Network account and then sign up for the trial. It’s a shame you can’t sign up for a free trial directly from the Roku device. 9. When you sign up for a free trial to PlayStation Vue, there’s even more steps. You have to select your sex (male/female), enter your birth date and create a profile name. Why do they need your birthdate to watch streaming? Beats me. 10. The user interface for PlayStation Vue isn’t as good or as easy to use as Sling TV. In particular, Sling TV’s recently improved app for the Roku is much better than PS Vue. PROS 1. PlayStation Vue’s selection of channels available is very comprehensive. For the Elite Slim package, which is $44.99 per month, you get: FOX on demand, NBC on demand, ABC on demand, AMC, American Heroes, Animal Planet, beIN SPORTS, BET, BET Gospel, BET Jams, Boomerang, Bravo, BTN, BTN Alternate, Cartoon Network, Centric, Chiller, Cloo, CMT, CMT Music, CNBC, CNBC World, CNN, Comedy Central, Cooking Channel, Destination America, Discovery Channel, Discovery Family, Discovery Life Channel, Disney Channel, Disney Junior, Disney XD, DIY, E!, EPIX Hits, ESPN, ESPN Deportes, ESPN2, ESPNEWS, ESPNU, Esquire Network, Food Network, FOX Business, FOX College Sports, FOX Deportes, FOX News, FOX Sports regional, Freeform, FS1, FS2, Fusion, FX, FXM, FXX, Golf, HGTV, HI-YAH, HLN, IFC, IMPACT, Investigation Discovery, Logo, Machinima, MGM, MSNBC, MTV, MTV Hits, MTV Live, MTV2, MTVU, Nat Geo Wild, National Geographic Channel, NBCSN, Nick Jr., Nickelodeon, Nicktoons, One World Sports, Outside Television, OWN, Oxygen, Poker Central, POP, Science, SEC Network, Sony Movie Channel, Spike, Sprout, SundanceTV, SyFy, TBS, Teen Nick, TLC, TNT, Travel Channel, truTV, Turner Classic Movies, TV Land, Universal, USA, Velocity, VH1, VH1 Classic, WE tv 2. Unlike Sling TV, you can pause and rewind ESPN programming. 3. PS Vue allows you to stream content in every room of your house at no additional charge. With Sling TV, you’re limited to the number of streams you can run concurrently. 4. PlayStation Vue provides access to NBC Sports App and ESPN3, which opens the door to a lot of soccer programming that isn’t available on NBCSN and the ESPN channels.   PlayStation Vue, while offering NBCSN and the NBC Sports App as well as other soccer networks, is a worthy contender in the soccer streaming space, but isn’t perfect by any means. The quest to find the ultimate streaming service that offers everything you could possibly need continues. PlayStation Vue comes close, but hopefully a more cost-effective and comprehensive service will be available in the near future. Tweet Pin It About The Author Christopher Harris Publisher of World Soccer Talk, Christopher Harris founded the site in 2005. He has been interviewed by The New York Times, The Guardian and several other publications. Plus he has made appearances on NPR, BBC World, CBC, BBC Five Live, talkSPORT and beIN SPORT. Harris, who was born and raised in Wales, has lived in Florida since 1984, and supported Swansea City since 1979. Last but not least, he got engaged during half-time of a MLS game. 19 Comments Velija July 17, 2016 I know its been stated that Sling doesnt sponsor this site, but it really seems like it, considering how much information is skewed towards Sling. Youre first comment about cost, it would cost the more money to get the same amount of channels on Vue and Sling, and im talking about Soccer channels specifically. To get ESPN, NBC, Fox, and beIN on Sling. You need to get Sling Blue (Fox, NBC), Sling Orange (ESPN) and the Sports addon (+ $5 for beIN Sports) totaling $45. Its $40 for both packages, then $5 extra for beIN, and that doesnt include beIN en Espanol. With Vue you can get all of those with the Core Slim (medium package) for $35, and add the Spanish pack for beIN en Espanol for $5. Not to mention the fact that you get the addons for those channels (Apart from beIN Connect, but Sling doesnt offer that either). So Sling really doesnt offer an advantage in terms of watching Football at all. The mobile restriction thing is something but, with access to Fox Sports Go, Watch ESPN, and in particular NBC Sports, you dont need to go through PS Vue to watch the sports, it would just act as your log in. . And with PS Vue, you didnt even mention the DVR options, Sling doesnt have this. Again the whole sponsorship talk comes into play, considering it is mentioned on every other article that Fubo and Sling are great way to watch Football. The fact that this article is missing a lot of key points, and has others simply incorrect, is bothersome. Granted it really doesnt matter which you like, competition is needed, but writing something like this is, which clearly favors one side for reasons that we can only guess at, is not good for anyone. Reply Christopher Harris July 17, 2016 Velija, thanks for your feedback. I completely disagree with your assertion that Sling TV “is mentioned on every other article that Fubo and Sling are great way to watch Football.” That’s completely untrue. Some people will like Vue better, others will prefer Sling TV. Like I said in the article, it all depends what you’re looking for and want. You raise a good point about DVR functionality. That’s one feature I forgot to mention. With Sling Blue and Sling Orange combined with the Best of Spanish TV package (for a total of $45/month), you get all the FOX channels, all the NBC channels, all the ESPN channels as well as beIN SPORTS, beIN SPORTS Espanol and all of the Univision channels. Reply Jose January 8, 2017 You forget PS Vue is compatible with Chromecast and also you can use your PS Vue login with the native channel apps to watch other games. You can use login just like a cable login to access Fox Sports, NBC Live Extra and WatchESPN which solves your out of your home problem and for use in computers. I don’t think you did your research on this subject. Reply JeremyC July 18, 2016 As a former sling tv member that switched to ps vue, you hit it on the head with your response about the service. However the article was focused on soccer, but i agree that the info in the article was misleading because the PsVue Mid level package is much more valuable than the Sling tv’s patch work of packages, and is worth it. I can watch multiple espn streams on several tvs and phones, at the same time. Ive cut my cable bill by more than 80 dollars and get more. Reply Rye Brook July 17, 2016 Thanks so much for the review, good to see the pro’s and cons of each provider. I agree with Velija that competition is a good thing. I’m still over the moon that online only fans will be able to watch the premier league and other soccer/futbol using devices other than the bloated and expensive conventional TV packages with their lamentable customer service. For me the Sling pack is the only way to go because (1) I’ll be watching mostly on my MacBook Pro and (2) there’s times when I won’t be at my home ISP location. I’m really hoping that, for matches I can’t watch live, Sling will not reveal the outcome/score either by blatantly stating it on the launch page or giving obvious clues by having the link tab covered by a photo of the winning team wildly celebrating! Reply Christopher Harris July 17, 2016 Thanks for the kind words Rye. With so many streaming choices, the winner is we soccer fans who now have plenty of options to choose from. Reply Michael Hayes July 17, 2016 This Fall a new Real-time, interactive, live sports game app is launching. How it works is if you are watching a Premier League, or MLS, game, you open the app to that game and interact in real-time, by predicting and calling plays. The app will be a FREE download, and players can watch their favorite sports team, interactive by making predictions, and calling plays, and the player can earn rewards like hats and shirts, electronics like an iPad or TV, Vacations, Tickets to a Big Game, or even a car. Will change the way we play sports as fans. Launching in the Fall with live NFL Football and MLS Soccer then expand to Premier League, NBA Basketball, and other sports. Next year will be able to watch the British Open and predict shots, scores, and winners, in real-time. Reply Mike July 18, 2016 might as well have cable. My cable bill was $100, $50 internet & $50 tv (including a dvr). So whatever solution has to be not just $50 but well lower to make it worthwhile. I only want about 6 or 7 channels (NBC sports, NBC Sports extra channels, Fox Sports 1, ESPN, ESPN2, ESPN watch, Bien. So until there’s a solution that’s well cheaper than $50 bucks (i’m thinking $20-$30 at most) cable and a dvr is a better option. $45 bucks ain’t enough. I’d rather pay an extra $5, have a dvr, sleep in on weekends and watch games at reasonable hours. Use my dvr and see champions league games when i get home from work. Plus then i’d simply get an extra 100 channels i rarely watch anyways. Reply Steve N July 18, 2016 It should be mentioned that for all the channels that are mobile restricted so that you can’t access them outside the home — that’s not quite accurate. All the channels offer apps for iOS and Android, and you can log in to those channel apps using your Playstation Vue credentials. I use that all the time to access streaming content outside the home. When at home, I use the PS Vue app itself. Reply joe July 20, 2016 PlayStation Vue is hands down better. Reply joman July 21, 2016 without Question PlayStation Vue is the hands down winner, HD viewing of 75+ channels on the mid tier package, all my Philly Eagles , Flyers, Sixers, Phillies on Comcast channel DVR capability for up to 28 -days, plus they have added Roku Adroid Amazon Fire Tv& stick etc. the new Play station vue app just rolled out an updated firmware making the interface more user friendly. Sony has won this battle so far” Reply rev912 July 21, 2016 Question for Vue users, so I can log in and watch on my PS4 in the living room, Fire TV in bedroom, iPad whereever at home but I can’t login anywhere away from my home network like if I am in a hotel or visiting family? It’s tied to your home network or IP? Reply Kailong July 21, 2016 PlayStation Vue is clearly the better one, hands down….. If Sling really doesn’t sponsor this site, then here’s the key points missing out in this review: 1. Streaming quality: This is all we want. With Sling all I get is constant buffering, freezes and lags. What’s the point of lower price with lower quality? 3. IP/Mobile restriction: It is annoying but actually there is easy workaround. Use the Vue credentials on almost any TV everywhere apps and you are good to go. Mobile restriction is absolutely not a big issue here. I’m pretty sure that no one’s ever opened the horrendous Sling app during the Euro and Wimbledon season because of far superior quality on WatchESPN, which unfortunately is the only TV everywhere app supported. To Sling: if you don’t know how to do streaming, at least let others do the job for you. Reply Frill Artist August 13, 2016 Just change the name of the site to SlingSoccerTalk because we all know you’re shilling for them. You didn’t mention Vue’s DVR and CatchUp features. All you did was use every chance to bash and compare their service to Sling. You also lied. Vue has access to BEIN connect. Reply Christopher Harris August 13, 2016 Frill, PS Vue is one of our sponsors too. Regarding beIN SPORTS Connect, when I tested PS Vue this summer, I didn’t see Vue listed at https://beinsportsconnect.tv/index.html and I don’t think it worked when I tried to log in using Vue credentials. If it does work now, I stand corrected. Reply Monte Reed August 13, 2016 beIN Sports Connect is Included with Playstation VUE. Watching it right now on my phone Reply Ashot August 13, 2016 So what’s the best deal for watching Bein (connect), FS1 & FS2, NBCSN (live extra)? VUE Core $45? With Sling it can be cheaper but without Connects & Live extras…or Sling blue + FuboTV but still without Live Extra $35…still expensive for just watching football. Reply Thony August 28, 2016 Do I have access to BeinConnect with PS Vue Slim + Español Pack? I wonder because just includes Bein Sports in spanish, but I don´t see any mention of beinsports in english… I´m currently looking to change my Sling Orange+Spanish (25$/month) to either: – Sling Blue+Spanish (30$/month) which will include Bein Sports, NCBSN and Fox, but no access to online features of those channels.. – PS Vue Slim + Español (35$/month) which will include Bein Sports, NCBSN, Fox and ESPN. And it grants access to online features of those channels. The one I’m not sure is BeinConnected… and it matters a lot to me because I’m a die hard fan of Juventus (Serie A games are usually live in BeinSport (English))… so this matters a lot to me… I Think I´m going to be on the PS Vue side for this one Reply cmotomn September 23, 2016 Just verified that PlayStation Vue subscribers now have access to beIN Sports Connect! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search TV Schedules • Premier League TV Schedule • League Cup semi-finals TV Schedule • Africa Cup of Nations TV Schedule • Liga MX TV Schedule • La Liga TV Schedule • Bundesliga TV Schedule • Serie A TV Schedule • Championship TV Schedule • Scottish Premiership TV Schedule • Primeira Liga TV Schedule • Ligue 1 TV Schedule • Champions League TV Schedule • Europa League TV Schedule • MLS TV Schedule Recent Comments Ivan on Ibrahimovic rescues Manchester United in Liverpool draw Roberto on 10 best mobile apps for soccer fans dcudiplomat96 on How MLS can improve TV ratings without promotion/relegation – World Soccer Talk Podcast Cell Activ on Messi: Club World Cup gives Barcelona chance to prove they’re better than ever Elijah wanyonyi on Conte keeps Costa’s China syndrome ‘in house’ VicBklyn on Conte keeps Costa’s China syndrome ‘in house’ BG on beIN SPORTS prepares for La Liga season with new improvements TiLoBrown on 2017 MLS TV schedule features plenty of changes to disrupt consistent TV windows Vincent on Conte dismisses talk of Costa bust-up Miguel Torres on Pogba can be United captain, says Mourinho Christopher Harris on Schedule of Africa Cup of Nations games on US TV and streaming Musongo Khb on Schedule of Africa Cup of Nations games on US TV and streaming Want all new articles and TV schedules delivered straight to your inbox, free? * indicates required Email Address * SOCCER TV SCHEDULES • Premier League TV Schedule • Liga MX TV Schedule • La Liga TV Schedule • Bundesliga TV Schedule • Serie A TV Schedule • Championship TV Schedule • Scottish TV Schedule • Primeira Liga TV Schedule • Ligue 1 TV Schedule • Champions League TV Schedule • Europa League TV Schedule • MLS TV Schedule SOCCER STREAMING NEWS • beIN SPORTS Connect • DirecTV Now • FOX Soccer 2GO • FOX Sports GO • fuboTV • NBC Sports App • Sling TV • Comparison guide SOCCER TV NETWORKS • beIN SPORTS • ESPN • FOX Sports • NBC Sports • One World Sports • Univision Deportes • Soccer TV ratings • DirecTV vs. DISH comparison WORLD SOCCER TALK • About us • Our team • Contact us • Press coverage • Advertise World Soccer Talk Copyright © 2017. Made in Florida. 
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Biggest Robo-Car Roadblock Is Human NEWS & ANALYSIS: Google Searches for Better Silicon NEWS & ANALYSIS: PC Shipments Decline for 5th Straight Year NEWS & ANALYSIS: TSMC Expects Flat Year for Foundry NEWS & ANALYSIS: China Defends Big Chip Bet NEWS & ANALYSIS: QCOM CEO Likens 5G to Electricity Discovery Blog IoT Trumps Mobile App Debates Mark Thomas 1/7/2017 08:00 AM EST  0 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS 1 saves Login to Rate Tweet While the debate over native versus Web apps continues, the Internet of Things is raising more important questions about the future of software development. The Web-versus-native debate has been raging for a few years. With Apple and Google seemingly coming down firmly on the side of their own platforms, there was a time when it seemed it might be game over for web-based solutions. Not so. The fact is, while native apps may have come to dominate the marketplace, Web apps still have their merits. As developers, the things that really matters to us are the target audience, what the app is going to offer them and how it's going to do it. It's about making the right choice of platform to deliver easy access and the best functionality. We're also seeing markets converge, enabling a hybrid approach to app development. Third-party W3C HTML5 frameworks such as Phonegap from Cordova can allow developers to use the best of both approaches. What’s more, cross-platform coding enables apps that have access to the full spectrum of functionality exposed by the underlying platform and device, including platform-specific capabilities like Apple Pay and Android Wear. As mobile has become the major player in brand engagement, so native apps have become the preferred option. It's not just the fact that they can be controlled and sold exclusively through online sites such as Apple's App Store and Google Play, creating potentially huge revenue streams for developers and service providers. Because they're developed specifically for each platform, they can easily access hardware in the device such as Bluetooth and generally run faster than Web apps, delivering a better user experience too. They also can take advantage of native gestures such as inertial scrolling and share data such as contacts and photos. What's more, they don't need to be downloaded every time they're launched. However, it's not all bad news for Web apps. W3C HTML5 has started widening its horizons, gradually delivering improved functionality. For example, Web apps can now gain access to a mobile device's built-in camera. If you're targeting a wide user base, rolling them out to multiple platforms can be easier, cheaper and, of course, quicker.  (The only installation required is a URL.) They're easy to find via a Web search. Plus, they automatically upgrade to the latest version every time you load a page. When you're designing an app, it's important not to make any judgement about the platform before fully understanding the project scope. What does the client want the app to achieve? For example, user-friendliness might be more important than speed. Or the app may have to deal with large amounts of data input. As with most technology, the future development of apps will be driven by customer behavior. Over the past few years, consumer data has shown that mobile browsers are being used less and less. However, we could still see increased synergy between native and web apps. At Google I/O 2016, Google launched an Android upgrade that enables the operating system to run native apps through the browser without downloading them. The next big thing is, of course, the Internet of Things (IoT), which could well be the catalyst that drives further industry convergence. To move forward and truly realize the potential of IoT, we need to adopt a standard set of protocols, something that has so far proved very difficult to achieve. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) wants to adopt common standards across IoT development. However, HTML doesn’t currently have the technology to run and connect with IoT devices. Change could be accelerated by the launch of new IoT home based products, such as HomeKit by Apple and Weave from Google. By providing new opportunities for brands to engage directly with consumers, they will naturally widen the market for app developers. Instead of wasting time perpetuating the Web-versus-native argument, which is holding back development, the industry could be making greater progress towards convergence and standardisation, particularly in the IoT arena. The picture is a little different in emerging markets, where apps have the potential to transform lives, providing unprecedented access to useful information and data. However, key challenges for users include connection availability and speed, as well as access to power sources. Google has already built a feature into Android that saves bandwidth by not fully loading Web pages. The company has also launched a line of Android devices targeted at developing countries, Android One, a key feature of which is advanced battery-saving technology. As for connectivity, once standardization is achieved, online-offline switching will come into its own. Updates and new information can be sourced automatically when a signal is available. As markets and technologies evolve, so will app development and its future will no doubt become clearer. In the meantime, as developers we must continue to keep an open mind, selecting our approach based on the needs of each individual project. -- Mark Thomas is CEO of Coderus, a software development company in the U.K. Email This Print Comment Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 1/15/2017 8:11:28 PM Victor.Lew https://users.ece.cmu.edu/~koopman/pubs/koopman16_sae_autonomous_validation.pdf https://users.ece.cmu.edu/~koopman/pubs.html https://betterembsw.blogspot.com/ 1/15/2017 8:11:28 PM Victor.Lew https://users.ece.cmu.edu/~koopman/pubs/koopman16_sae_autonomous_validation.pdf https://users.ece.cmu.edu/~koopman/pubs.html https://betterembsw.blogspot.com/ 1/15/2017 6:17:56 PM resistion I used "to/beyond 7nm" instead of "to 7nm and beyond" hoping to get around the definition variability. "Beyond 7nm" applies to TSMC, maybe Samsung. But generally I had intended... 1/15/2017 4:25:42 PM Gondalf Too bad actual TSMC 7nm is only a so so 10nm, in fact it is neck to neck with Intel 10nm in sram cell size. So he is almost right, nobody knows for certain what will be the real... 1/15/2017 4:00:08 PM Wilco1 Please explain this to TSMC immediately as they are ramping up their 7nm process. They would want to know FinFET doesn't work anymore... 1/15/2017 7:29:59 AM resistion I see, thanks. It looked like they were after 28nm, but could only get 40nm from SMIC at the time. 1/14/2017 2:05:45 PM alex_m1 Rsistion: Maybe this is for MCU's. 40nm-45nm is the point where leakage starts growing when you reduce dimensions.    1/14/2017 7:14:55 AM Ron Neale In my article I used the term electro-migration as a general term to cover the process of high current density element separation. I am reminded electro migration is a one directional... 1/13/2017 11:59:58 PM resistion I think they would assess how many nodes to skip. 1/13/2017 11:44:31 PM resistion It is not known if finFETs can even scale to/beyond 7nm, of course previously planned transitions would be put on hold. Navigate to Related Links IoT Spending Hit Estimated $737 Billion in 2016 IoT Apps Need Good Metadata IBM Leads as U.S. Patents Rebound Bosch Dev Kit to Ease IoT CES 2017 Connects with AI Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 70 comments All Cartoons December 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Burrrr......" CIO: "Anyone want to facetime with Fred, who, as you all know, had what he thought were some 'humorously insightful' comments about our last project...Now...questions?" 136 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  33   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  30   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  29   Deep Thoughts Regarding the Bodacious Brain  26   Dizzying Heights of Trump Tower  21   Traffic Deaths: Technology is at Fault  21   Grandpa's New PC, and Inside His Old One  20   DNA Test Reveals How Well You're Aging  20   China Defends Big Chip Bet  20   China Defends Big Chip Bet  8   Biggest Robo-Car Roadblock Is Human  4   No Sign of 450mm on the Horizon  3   Crossbar ReRAM in Production at SMIC  2   Google Searches for Better Silicon  2   Discarding Superfluous Pharmaceuticals  2   IoT Spending Hit Estimated $737 Billion in ...  1   Friday Quiz: Phase-Locked Loops  1   TSMC Expects Flat Year for Foundry Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! iPhone 7: Sales SLUMP sees Apple CEO Tim Cook pay SLASHED – Express.co.uk Posted on January 8, 2017 by Express.co.uk IPHONE boss bears the brunt of Apple rage after company reportedly misses sales targets on its latest releases. By Michael Moore. PUBLISHED: 18:53, Sun, Jan 8, 2017 | UPDATED: 19:05, Sun, Jan 8, 2017 … Apple CEO Tim Cook’s Pay Slumps Along with iPhone SalesBreitbart News Apple cuts CEO’s salary after missing sales, profit goalsFox News Apple sales slip, costing CEO Tim Cook’s paycheckYahoo News Socpedia -Reseller News -TCC -The Indian Talks all 15 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Fix Bad iOS 10 Battery Life Adam Mills01/11/2017 iOS 10 problems still include battery life issues and today we want to show you how to potentially fix bad battery life on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch if you’re running iOS 10. Advertisement In September, Apple released its iOS 10 operating system for select iPhone, iPad and iPod touch models around the world. Since then, the company’s pushed several updates to iOS 10 users. These updates have delivered new features and bug fixes for lingering iOS 10 problems. And while many iOS 10 issues have been eradicated, many remain. iOS 10.2 users are complaining about a number of frustrating issues including abnormal battery drain. Complaints about weird iOS 10.2 battery drain have picked up in the weeks since the update’s release in December. So iOS 10.2 got my phone burning up and battery dying fast so wassup ? @AppleSupport @Apple @AppleNews @appleinsider @AppleEDU — Keith Terry🏀 (@Life_of_Hooping) January 9, 2017 Advertisement iOS 10.2 is a bit buggy, never mind the battery drain. Fix this please @AppleSupport — Brian (@brianlian) January 6, 2017 iOS 10.2 kills my #iPhone at 50% remaining battery every time! @AppleSupport please create a new update to fix this or I'm leaving @Apple — Harriet Downes (@HCDownes) December 31, 2016 Advertisement Abnormal battery drain is a common iOS problem and it pops up every time Apple releases an update for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. iOS updates aren’t supposed to have a negative effect on your device’s battery life so we’re not surprised to see some iPhone and iPad users expressing frustration with Apple’s latest operating system. How to Fix Bad iOS 10 Battery Life If your iOS 10 battery life fails to settle down after a couple of days with the new update on board, you have a problem. Fortunately, there are more than a few potential remedies for iOS 10 battery life issues out there. This guide will show you how to potentially fix bad iOS 10 battery life on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. Battery drain issues can be tricky but these fixes have worked well for us, and others, in the past. Keep them in mind as we push away from the iOS 10 release date. Battery life issues can popup at any time. Check Your Apps Before you blame iOS 10 for your battery troubles, note that there’s a very good chance it’s something else causing the battery drain on your iPhone or iPad. If your battery life starts acting up with iOS 10 on board, the first place to look is at your collection of applications. There’s a very good chance an app, or apps, is hogging your device’s resources and causing the problem. The first place you’ll want to look is your Settings. Go into Settings > Battery and get familiar with the Battery Usage tool that arrived with the iOS 9 update in 2015. This tool will show you what apps are eating the most battery and when. Look for something out of the ordinary. If you do see something odd, check the App Store for an update. Developers are rolling out bug fixes and iOS 10 support updates that could improve performance. If an update fails to cure the issue, try reinstalling or uninstalling the app completely to see if that helps settle your device’s battery. Use Low Power Mode If you haven’t been using iOS’ built-in Low Power Mode, now would be a good time to get familiar with this important feature. The iOS 9 update delivered a new feature called Low Power Mode. It’s important because it allows you to stretch out the last 10-20% of battery life on your device without having to make a bunch of manual changes. To enable Low Power Mode on your device go to Settings > Battery > Low Power Mode > On. This feature will help you conserve a few hours of battery life. Start using this feature on a regular basis. Use Airplane Mode If you suddenly start experiencing rapid battery drain, it might be because you’re in an area with poor cellular coverage. When you are in a bad service area, your iPhone or iPad will work hard to try and find a signal. This can cause your battery to drain rapidly. This is a perfect time to flip on Airplane Mode. Airplane Mode is found at the very top of your Settings and it will kill all of your connections when turned on. If you’ve done any air travel during the past few years, you’re probably familiar with the feature. Once you’ve entered a new service area, turn Airplane Mode off and you should notice an improvement to your device’s battery life. Disable iCloud Keychain If you don’t use iCloud Keychain, try disabling it to see if that improves battery life. This has worked for a number of people in the past. To disable iCloud Keychain on your device, you’ll want to go into Settings > iCloud > Keychain > Toggle iCloud Keychain off. If it doesn’t have a positive impact on battery, you can always toggle it back on when you need it again. Limit Background App Refresh Do you need your apps to automatically refresh in the background? No? Well then you might want to try disabling the Background App Refresh feature on your device. It could help you conserve battery life. Background App Refresh is handy because it will allows your apps to show you the latest data once you open them. It can also be a resource hog. If you don’t use or care about this feature, go to Settings > General > Background App Refresh > and turn it off for each app that is using too much power. It’s going to be an extremely tedious process for some of you but it could help your battery life. You can also turn the feature off completely if you don’t want to go through your list of applications one by one. If this doesn’t help, you can turn the feature back on for all of your apps or some of them. Manage Your Display Apple’s mobile devices use sensors to adjust the screen automatically in certain lighting environments. Sometimes these sensors work, sometimes they’re a little off. A bright screen can eat up battery life so we recommend getting a handle on your device’s display. First, try turning Auto Brightness off. To do this, go into Settings > Display & Brightness > Auto-Brightness > Off. Once you shut it off, you’ll have to adjust your screen brightness manually. this is easy with iOS 10. You can adjust it in your Settings in the Display & Brightness menu or you can simply swipe up from the bottom of the screen to bring up Control Center. Swipe up and you’ll see a bar that stretches across the length of the first Control Center card. Use it to adjust screen brightness. Restart Your iPhone or iPad If you’re looking for a quick fix, try a simple restart. Hold down the power button for a few seconds and swipe to shut the device down. Hold down the power button again to boot the device back up. Sometimes, this dislodges battery life issues. You can also try a hard reset. To do that, hold down the home button and the power button (volume down and power button on an iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus) for about 10 seconds. The device will restart itself. This won’t remove any data. Reset All Settings If none of these fixes help, it’s time to take more drastic measures to fix your bad iOS 10 battery life. The first solution we recommend is a reset of your settings. To do this, go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset All Settings and then enter your passcode. If you don’t have a passcode enabled, you obviously don’t need to replicate that step. This process should take five minutes or more and it will restore your settings to their factory defaults. So, make sure you have all of your Wi-Fi passwords handy because your phone or tablet will forget them. Downgrade to an Older Version of iOS 10 If you’d rather drop down to an older version of iOS you can do that. For a limited time. If you can’t tolerate iOS 10’s performance, you can drop back down to an older version to see if that improves your devices battery life. The downgrade loophole will only be open for a short time so you’ll need to act quickly if you want to make the move. For more on the process, take a look at our downgrade walkthrough. Restore the iOS 10 Update If you have a bunch of free time on your hands you can try a restore on your iPhone or iPad. This step should only be used as a last resort because it will temporarily erase everything on your device and could take awhile to complete. You can try restoring from your backup after you install iOS 10. If your iOS 10 battery life issues return after the restore, you will want to try this method again without restoring from your backup. Here’s how to do this on an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch: Plug in and backup to the computer or to iCloud. Turn off Find My iPhone – Settings -> iCloud -> Find my iPhone -> Off. In iTunes Click Restore. Follow the prompts and the iPhone will reinstall iOS 10 from scratch. When it completes click Restore from Backup to put your information back on the iPhone or Choose to set up as a new iPhone. Talk to Apple Support Online You might also want to get in contact with Apple support via its website or via Twitter. Updated to iOS 10.2 on my 6S Plus and my battery drained 40% in an hour #help @Apple @AppleSupport — Benton Li (@bentonli) January 9, 2017 The company runs a Twitter account that takes questions about iOS problems and could help point you in the right direction. Take Your Device Into an Apple Store If nothing on here works for you, and Apple’s online support fails, you could try taking your iPhone or iPad into an Apple Store to have a Genius run some diagnostics. Your issues could be related to a bloated battery, it could be something else entirely. If your device is still under warranty, they might even offer you a replacement. To find your closest Apple Store, head here. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2 & 6 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.2 If You Want Better Security   1 / 10 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  The iOS 10.2 update brings 12 known patches for potential exploits including one where an "attacker with an unlocked device may be able to disable Find My iPhone."  These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device. Most people do. If you skipped the iOS 10.1.1 update and/or the iOS 10.1 update, know that iOS 10.2 brings their security patches with it. If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. If security is important to you, iOS 10.2 is probably worth a download right now.   1 / 10 25 Responses 09/13/2016 tug Reply this is stupid.. if previously u dont have much issue having all the same settings.. all the same cellular coverage.. the problem is the iOS 10 itself.. asking someone to switch off this and that is not exactly the solution 09/14/2016 Z Reply For me the battery status shows that Messages app took 51% of battery in the background. Ridiculous. Turned imessage off and swiped up messages app from the background and i see a better battery. 09/22/2016 Leo Reply I play a lot of games when i was on the 9.3.5 firmware and battery wasn’t that bad but when I do it on IOS 10 it drains so fast. So obviously theres a problem with it. 10/04/2016 We're The Phucarwe Reply Silly. Nothing in here addresses the inherent battery-draining qualities of yet another Apple downdate. Most of the “enhanced” features are aimed at improving apple’s bottom line rather than your device performance. I’m beginning to think more and more about abandoning a ship I’ve been sailing since the 80’s. C’mon, Apple. 10/06/2016 SUZANNE HAMOOD Reply there need to be yet another update to the IOS10. we should NOT be paying 700.00 for a phone that wont hold a battery charge for 8 hours. I have noticed a HUGH difference and I am not a big phone user. I could usually start off the day with a 100% and if not used much that day end the day with more than 50% Its 2:30 in the afternoon and I haven’t Hardley touched my phone today its at 34% WTF!!! 10/07/2016 Steve miller Reply My 6s battery dies so fast with as much shut off and manual fetch email setting have helped a little but at 1% it seems to last for hours for some reason. I think the battery is still fine but something is ip with the battery indicator 10/08/2016 Jonas Reply Same apps, same settings and the difference is 9% battery drain over night compared to not even 1% on IOS 9. By % that is ridiculous and nearly and insane difference…. As other mentioned, this guide does not have much to do with battery tuning iOS 10, although in general terms it may work, but not for we who haven’t changed anything… 10/09/2016 Elle Reply for some reason my 6 drains at night after i upgraded the ios. Now every time I turn on my phone, instead of my lock screen I see my music screen and I’ve turned off that app. I went form 86% right before bed and woke up to 21%. 10/10/2016 Brian Reply My 5c says the battery life is fine, 50% plus, then without warning the phone will power down. When I try to power it back up, it shows the battery as being dead as a post. So I plug the phone in, and the phone immediately powers up, and shows the battery life as being where it was before it powered down…that was 57% this morning. 10/10/2016 Rene Girardin Reply Here is a link to interesting discussions about iOS 10.0.2 and Fast Battery Drain on all iPhones. All the bla bla about how to lower battery usage is OK but there is a bug introduced in Network Settings. https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7685072?start=30&tstart=0 10/11/2016 Matthew Grimsley Reply same with my ipone 6S. happened twice over the weekend. 10/13/2016 Ann Reply I think it’s so funny how our phones have a good battery life until an update comes along, but then it goes to poop and we are informed “Oh it’s probably dat app you using and not iOS 10” seriously??? 10/13/2016 Colin Nias Reply Even the staff in the Apple shops are reluctant to admit there is a problem, even though its plastered all over the internet. My 6 plus has the same issues, 100% in the morning, by 6pm I’m down to 25%. Loads of apps are still working in the background, Facebook and Mail seem to be the main culprits on mine. Apple really need to up their game and stop messing around with things. Listen, if it aint broke, don’t fix it. Simples!!! 10/13/2016 RB Reply Worthless article … “If you previously did not have issues wiith battery power and now do after installing iOS 10, the problem is likely something else and not iOS 10.” Makes perfect sense. 10/16/2016 Luigi Reply Guys I too have the same problem! I am angry!! But is it possible that these Apple release an update that sucks the battery like a ferrari to 240km / h ??? !! But crazy stuff !! It lasts less than half the time of use which I did with iOS 9. But what the heck !!! Apple immediately solve this problem !! Otherwise I swear that I buy an iPhone no longer !! 10/18/2016 jamie pollock Reply full charge at 7am… 3:30pm my iphone 6 shows 90% avail. Nothing special about my setup, I check email and send Texts during the day. I just don’t talk on it much nor use GPS. IOs 10 too. I must be lucky 10/19/2016 Mike Reply ISO 10 is a joke we pay to much and for the phone and service to have to go through this on every major update now it’s the worse it’s ever been I also have a iPhones 5 that says 33% and it just turns off and I have to plug it in and it comes back on with the same amount of power 33% wtf is the deal it’s like the older the phone the worse like they are trying to force everyone to buy the newest phone apple is about to have another class action law suit how many can they take at on time I love my iPhone but there seriously pushing me away and it seem like there doing it to a lot of customers bad business they need to do there homework before they release another update load it to a few different phones and models before you release shit 10/24/2016 Curtis S Reply Privacy > Location Services > System Services Turn off everything except Emergency SOS and Find My iPhone. 10/24/2016 Greg M Reply Hi I have updated my Ipad and now not only at first most of my Apps disappeared, Now it wont even charge to let me check things Surely an outfit like yours has have some accountability for this, this is a disgrace , I had been using this for my business, NOT Happy at all. 10/28/2016 Kai Reply Do not update to IOS 10…I repeat do not update. 10.1 does not help either. Battery life 10 mins if not plug into a charger. Constantly crashes and get stuck in reboot loop. Apple genius swear there is nothing wrong with the software when I brought my iPhone 6 in. Battery life performance at 80% when ran diagnostics, genius solution was to have it replaced. My only solution is to have the phone plug in a portable charger all day and remain plugged everywhere I go. Just waiting on the 7 to be in stock…if same problem arrives, I will be officially done with apple. 10/31/2016 David Harfst Reply This is not a problem with the apps draining the battery. It’s a bug, in my opinion, with how iOS monitors the battery. I’ve had my phone at 80% and all of the sudden it shuts off, and won’t power back on saying the battery is dead. Once I hook it up to power, it comes back on, still says it’s at 80%, and I can then disconnect from power again and it’s fine. This is happenning all the time since upgrading. The latter versions of iOS 9 did this too, but it would have to be down at 20 or 30%. I believe iOS 10.0.1 was better, but since going to 10.0.2, it’s worse again. This is a real pain. 11/03/2016 TS Reply Nothing listed here is a fix. These are all kluge-y awkward workarounds, none of which should be necessary with a properly-functioning OS. 11/20/2016 Mark Clulow Reply TOTALLY Shouldn’t have to go through all this though, this in nonsense. BOOOOOO! 12/31/2016 Kenneth Wilson Reply The problem is definitely the OS. IT seems Apple is trying to push people into buying new phones. Went to Apple. Did the whole reset thing.. no change. The y then suggest it was probably the because it would not charge in their kiosk and to replace it would be $300.00. Take the phone home and the phone charges without any issues. Changed every setting possible with no change. The IPhone 6 would last about 2 hours without doing anything on it. Changed the battery out. still no change. Ended up downloading the Public beta 10.2.1 Beta 2. Phone went from 2 hours to 8 hours with not really using the phone. It still has problems, but at least this helped, But Apple is definitely hiding something. 01/08/2017 pete Reply This is ridiculous. How is this a fix for the iOS battery drain problems? Clickbait. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:23pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox The iPhone at 10: A decade later, is the smartphone's golden era over? By James Titcomb 8:58 AM Monday Jan 9, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Mobile Phones Technology Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up the first iPhone that was introduced on January 9, 2007 in San Francisco, California. Photo / Getty Ten years ago, Steve Jobs held up a pocket-sized slab of glass and metal to an audience of thousands and declared: "Apple is reinventing the phone". The iPhone, unveiled a decade ago tomorrow, didn't look like much, and by today's standards its abilities look decidedly basic. The Daily Telegraph described it as a "one-button device that combines iPod, internet and a phone... can screen television shows and films, take photographs with a 2 megapixel camera, browse the internet, send emails and text messages". At the time, however, the iPhone was a revelation. Touchscreens, internet browsers and music players had all been included on mobile phones before, but never with the grace and ease-of-use that Apple's device allowed. By the time it was released in the UK later in November of that year via an exclusive deal with O2, Apple had sold a million of them. The Telegraph's reviewer, dubbing it the "Jesus phone", said it was "at once breathtakingly simple and gloriously clever", even if, as she noted, it lacked a 3G connection. The iPhone kicked off the smartphone revolution: the biggest boom in technology since the dotcom days at the turn of the century. But just as the frenzy around internet companies collapsed in on itself in 2000, experts fear that the smartphone's golden era is ending, even if a repeat of the previous crash is unthinkable. The new era came quicker than anyone had expected. One iPhone begat another, and another. Apple added sharper and bigger screens, better cameras, new designs and improved software. Even amid the biggest financial crisis since the Great Depression, the iPhone proved to be recession-proof. In 2009 Apple overtook Nokia as the world's most profitable mobile phone maker and then again in 2011 as the world's biggest smartphone seller by volumes. The iPhone had blown away the competition - Apple claimed its software was five years ahead of anything else available - but the competition did not stand still. Soon a slew of other devices running Google's free Android software, made by the likes of Samsung, HTC and Motorola, were on the market. Continued below. Related Content Confused Apple customers are finding coins in their MacBooks and no one knows why This modified iPhone 7 will offer extra security, but will cost you $6837 for the privilege Mark Gurman: How Apple alienated Mac loyalists Apple derided them as copycats (Jobs declared Android a "stolen product") but the proliferation of cheap smartphones that the software allowed turned the mushrooming smartphone market into an explosion. In 2010 worldwide sales of smartphones grew by 76 per cent, a boom that would continue for several years. Whole industries - social media, music streaming and mobile gaming - as well as multibillion dollar companies such as Uber and Snapchat have been built on a product that barely existed a decade ago, while those that have failed to adapt have diminished. Smartphone sales had surged to 1 billion a year by 2013, and 1.3 billion the year after, but in 2015, growth in worldwide shipments fell from 28 per cent to 10.4 per cent, according to researchers at IDC. They estimate that shipments last year were 1.45 billion - barely more than in the previous year - and that growth will be slow again in 2017. Some manufacturers have seen dramatic rises and falls. HTC, which made the first Android phone in 2008, is now making heavy losses. Amazon released a phone to great fanfare in 2014, but discontinued it a year later. Google paid US$12.5 billion ($18b) for Motorola in 2012; two years later it sold out for less than US$3b ($4.3b). There were other casualties. Nokia's failure to keep up with Apple and Android cost it dearly: In 2011 its then chief executive Stephen Elop told staff they were "standing on a burning platform" and radically needed to change; two years later Nokia sold its mobile phone division to Microsoft, which was itself paranoid about missing out on the mobile revolution (Microsoft has now all but closed the division, its smartphone ambitions cut back drastically). BlackBerry once appeared all-conquering but the iPhone sent it into a slow and painful decline. The smartphone era's crowning moment came in 2011 when Apple's market capitalisation overtook ExxonMobil, making it the world's biggest company. But even the biggest players have not been without their challenges. Sales of the iPhone, the device that changed the market, have fallen in each of Apple's last three quarters, and the company reported its first fall in annual profits in a decade and a half last year. Samsung, which surpassed its American rival as the world's biggest smartphone seller in late 2011 and has stayed there since, has fared little better. Its most recent flagship phone, the Galaxy Note 7, plunged the company into crisis when faulty handsets were found to explode, forcing Samsung to recall the phone twice and wiping billions off its value. Three years ago, Samsung and Apple accounted for half the market between them; it is now less than a third. The major reason for slowing growth in smartphone sales, says Ranjit Atwal, a research director at Gartner, is that the market grew quicker than anybody had expected. "The transition [from basic phones] into smartphones has been pretty dynamic over the last three or four years, both in the mature markets and China and other emerging markets," he says. "People buying smartphones for the first time are trailing off, there is now saturation in terms of people that can afford to buy phones." However, there is also a feeling that established smartphone owners are becoming less inclined to upgrade as the innovation of previous years tails off. The second iPhone made leaps such as 3G connections, GPS and the App Store, and later models made radical design changes, introduced high-definition screens and allowed video calls. A customer sets up his new iPhone 7 Plus, right, as he switches from an iPhone 6 at an Apple Store. Photo / Bloomberg More recent changes have been less obvious, and the iPhone's design has stayed the same for three successive years. Progress has instead been at the bottom end of the market, in terms of the spread of astoundingly cheap but high-quality phones. Devices with the power of last year's high-end phones, made by manufacturers in India and China willing to accept cut-throat margins, are available at a fraction of the price of the high-end Apple and Samsung devices, meaning consumers have less reason to upgrade as they might with a car. "Historically the expectation was that individuals would upgrade, but in the basic segment those phones have become much better," says Atwal. As a result, consumers are upgrading less often, and in some Western markets, sales have declined. It is hardly a crisis - Apple sold its billionth iPhone last year - but not what investors might have hoped for. The threat is now that as consumers upgrade less often, the smartphone's trajectory comes to mirror that of the PC, where slower replacement cycles and diminishing improvements in technology, have seen sales fall for five consecutive years. To avoid such a fate, manufacturers must simply remain desirable by making their next phones significantly better than what came before - a feat more easily said than done. The improvements consumers demand most, such as improved batteries, have proved difficult to crack. Failing that, many companies have thrown themselves into new markets. HTC's virtual reality headset has won significant acclaim and Samsung has positioned itself at the heart of the "internet of things" - connected household objects such as fridges and dishwashers. Apple, meanwhile, has extended into wearable technology with its smartwatch, and is relying on booming software sales for growth - last week it said revenues from the iPhone App Store were up 40 per cent. But none of these areas are likely to the smartphone's success. The fact may be that the revolution Jobs began a decade ago is impossible to replicate. - Daily Telegraph UK By James Titcomb Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Why we should welcome tourists Kiwis are renowned for our hospitality, and it's a character trait we take pride in. Aside… Hawke's Bay Today Injured boys flown to Hawke's Bay Hospital One boy suffered head injuries and second a broken leg in the incidents. Bay of Plenty Times Boat capsizes in Tauranga waterway Reports of people in the water with an upturned boat in Tauranga have sparked an emergency… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Ford RS500: the beast that won't be tamed The story of one of Ford's most polarising and potent cars; the Sierra Cosworth RS500..… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 16 Jan 2017 16:18:22 Processing Time: 41ms
10 years of the iPhone in 11 groundbreaking models | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Donald Trump Conservative leadership U-Haul home Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement 10 years of the iPhone in 11 groundbreaking models The iPhone 6 was released at the Eaton Centre in Toronto, on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Hannah Yoon / THE CANADIAN PRESS) Relaxnews Published Sunday, January 8, 2017 8:37AM EST Last Updated Sunday, January 8, 2017 2:46PM EST From the first ever iPhone, unveiled by Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007, to the very latest iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, presented in September 2016, here's a look back at some of the main changes brought to Apple's star smartphone, which counts more than one billion handset sales worldwide. Note: This is not an exhaustive list of every iPhone ever made, but a rundown of the most significant developments in the brand's history. iPhone 2G (2007) The first ever iPhone, also known as the "iPhone 2G," broke new ground with its 3.5-inch fully touch-sensitive screen, onboard camera, multimedia player, "iPhone OS" operating system, and Edge and WiFi support for connecting to the internet as well as making calls and sending text messages. It revolutionized the mobile phone market and was crowned "Innovation of the Year" by Time magazine. iPhone 3G (2008) The following year, an eagerly awaited 3G version of the iPhone arrived, offering users a faster mobile internet connection for surfing the web or downloading apps when out and about. This model was also the first to get a built-in GPS. iPhone 3GS (2009) Apple launched the first of its "S," or "Speed" versions of its phones in 2009, with the introduction of the iPhone 3GS. The 3GS included a more powerful camera, a faster processor, twice the RAM speed and faster network connectivity. iPhone 4 (2010) Rocking a brand new design, the iPhone 4 was the first model to get Apple's Retina display (with a resolution of more than 300 pixels per inch) and a second front-facing camera for FaceTime. It also got a gyroscope, a particularly effective addition for mobile gaming. Note too that the iPhone 4 marked Apple's switch to the micro-SIM format. iPhone 4s (2011) The main new features in this important update to the iPhone 4 were the virtual intelligent assistant, called Siri, and a new 8-Megapixel photo and video camera compatible with HD (1080p) video. In terms of sales, it proved a considerable hit with consumers. iPhone 5 (2012) This 2012 iPhone shook things up again, landing with a new 4-inch format and gaining support for LTE (4G) networks. It also brought the addition of the brand new Lightning connector and saw Apple switch to the nano-SIM format. Plus, the iPhone 5 was the first model to ship with Apple's EarPods headphones. iPhone 5c (2013) Presented as an entry-level handset, the iPhone 5c was, in fact, an iPhone 5 with a more rounded design and a new brightly colored plastic casing (five colors available). On the inside, it came with the same specs as its predecessor. iPhone 5s (2013) Released alongside the iPhone 5c, the iPhone 5s saw the arrival of Apple's Touch ID fingerprint sensor to the device's "Home" button for unlocking the phone and making payments with no need to enter passcodes. iPhone 6 Plus (2014) The iPhone grew once again with the appearance of the iPhone 6 Plus and its record-breaking 5.5-inch design. This new model also came loaded with NFC, notably for use with the Apple Pay function. The iPhone 6 Plus got a Retina HD (1080p) display and an optical image stabilization system. iPhone SE (2016) This nifty "low-cost" iPhone (which nevertheless starts at $399) was designed as a replacement for the iPhone 5s with several features from the iPhone 6s and takes the form of a 4-inch smartphone. iPhone 7 (2016) Apple caused a sensation in September 2016 with the iPhone 7, ditching the traditional headphones mini-jack in favor of a single Lightning connector used for charging the phone and for connecting compatible headphones. The iPhone 7 comes with memory up to 256GB and is splash- water- and dust-resistant -- a first for Apple. Related Stories 10 years ago, Steve Jobs presented Apple's first iPhone Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News: Spreading kindness for Becca Air Date: January 14, 2017 false CTV QP: Countdown to Trump's inauguration Air Date: January 15, 2017 false CTV QP: 'Surprised' if no attempt had been made Air Date: January 15, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More News from Sci-Tech Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida The bald and the bold: Eagles' resurgence comes at a price Temporary blackout on Facebook business pages, users report Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Does Trump make PM Trudeau the 'last progressive standing'? CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Senate seats for sale? O'Leary says he'd consider it 1 2 Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend 3 3 Vancouver man turns U-Haul storage locker into home 1 4 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia 6 5 Canada will face border tariffs if U.S. workers undermined: Trump spokesman 1 6 Foreigners likely tried to influence Canada’s election: ex-CSIS head 1 7 Former pro biker uses SIRI to call 911 after sudden paralysis 1 8 Iran says Trump 'cannot abandon' nuclear deal 9 A young ex-president, Obama poised for a busy retirement 10 Duterte orders troops to blast militants and their hostages Don't Miss false This Week in Space: SpaceX's success, glimpse at black holes false Becca told me to: Meet the cancer patient inspiring kindness false Changing the game: Canada's Hayley Wickenheiser to retire You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Talks between Nova Scotia and teachers union resume under media blackout Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving 'It's a tinderbox': Assaults soar at 'stark, severe' throwback jail in N.L. WORLD Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Thousands attend Sanders health care rally in Michigan In Trump, man elected by Americans is president they'll get ENTERTAINMENT 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop Prince Charles co-authors a book on climate change The last 'Greatest Show on Earth': Are circuses doomed? HEALTH Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say Superheroes could magnify aggressive behaviours in children: study #BeccaToldMeTo: Teen battling terminal cancer inspires acts of kindness POLITICS Ukraine seeks 'clarity' from Canada on continuation of military mission O'Leary shows off his French lessons, promises proficiency by 2019 Reconciliation more than land acknowledgments, Aboriginal groups say SCI-TECH Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study BUSINESS Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds' economic adviser Listening to populists like Trump is important, Davos forum chief says U.K. will adapt if barred from EU market, treasury chief says AUTOS F1 great Stirling Moss, 87, in hospital with chest infection Rolls-Royce sets a record for bespoke commissions Driver caught on radar at 110 km/h over limit in Halton Hills. Ont.: police SPORTS Golf scores: Justin Thomas made a 15-foot birdie putt on the final hole on the PGA Tour Storm beats McIlroy on 3rd playoff hole to win SA Open NBA scores: Devin Booker scores career-high 39 points to beat San Antonio Spurs 108-105 Lifestyle What are the odds? Mom, dad, son all share a birthday 'More savoury than fruity': Volcanic wines are the hot new wine trend Toronto brings design to the streets with TO DO festival CTV News on the Go false Midday Minute: Tanker off N.S. removed; Brazil prison riots Grounded tanker freed from Nova Scotia coast Central U.S. hit with second day of ice storms In Pictures   Skygazers treated to full moon, pink skies over B.C. North American International Auto Show Golden Globes red carpet fashion Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
News & Reviews Last 7 Days Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model SEARCH Car Advice Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model CAR REVIEWS CAR REVIEWS CAR COMPARISONS LONG-TERM REPORTS LIFESTYLE REVIEWS SPEED DATE REVIEWS TOP 5 CARS OWNER CAR REVIEWS COMPARE SPECS CAR NEWS CAR NEWS PODCAST TIMELINE SHOWROOMS SHOWROOMS GALLERIES VIDEOS MORE FINANCE CAR VALUATIONS ADVICE TECHNOLOGY DIY OPINION ASK CAR ADVICE BEST PRICE BOAT ADVICE CONTACT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE ABOUT US CAREERS AUTHORS Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model SEARCH RESEARCH A CAR OR Search Reviews Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model Search Search by Bodytype & Price Small Cars Medium Cars Large Cars People Movers UTE SUV Sports Cars Convertibles Luxury Cars Min Price Min Price $0 $10,000 $15,000 $20,000 $25,000 $30,000 $40,000 $50,000 $60,000 $70,000 $80,000 $90,000 $100,000 $120,000 $150,000 $200,000+ Max Price Max Price $0 $10,000 $15,000 $20,000 $25,000 $30,000 $40,000 $50,000 $60,000 $70,000 $80,000 $90,000 $100,000 $120,000 $150,000 $200,000+ Search Opinion 174 Comments Car companies should be very scared of Apple, Google and Tesla Opinion: Alborz Fallah by Alborz Fallah Founder 7 days ago This year’s Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas could have almost been a motor show. From the endless booths of automotive-related products to massive car company displays, the entire and extremely massive show had a very heavy auto skew. The reason for that is simple: As the revolution of electric cars, connected cars and autonomous cars finally begins to take shape, tech companies are invading the automotive sector. Soon, your car will stop being little more than a dumb motor attached to some wheels. The tech giants charging full-steam ahead into the very lucrative automotive sector are the likes of Apple, Google, Uber and even Nvidia – once little more than a specialist in video graphics. These are the new rivals that should be keeping automotive executives up at night. They have cash, lots and lots of cash, and need to spend it on something. Apple was even reported at one point to be looking at a takeover of McLaren – and, to put things in perspective, the Cupertino-based company has a market capitalisation of USD $630 billion ($860 billion). Likewise, Google is worth USD $566 billion ($776 billion). Compare that with General Motors and Ford, which are at around USD $50 billion ($68 billion) each, and the Nissan, Renault and Mitsubishi alliance that come in at around USD $70 billion ($95 billion) combined – and things begin to look a little bleak for traditional car makers as they face the biggest change and challenge in their history. Realistically, Apple and Google could buy a controlling stake in Ford, GM, Mitsubishi and Mazda and even Volkswagen ($100 billion), combined, with their existing free cash (held comfortably in Ireland). The point is the car makers are facing competition from companies that work on much higher margins and can afford to spend billions on R&D without any return. But while Apple and Google know how to make a pretty good phone, they arguably have no idea how to make a car. And while Mercedes makes amazing cars, its digital integration and connected-car services fail to come even close to the functionality of a modern smartphone. The game has turned into how fast car companies can learn to make autonomous technology with artificial intelligence that works versus how quickly tech companies can learn to make cars and deploy their far more mature digital technologies and artificial intelligence systems. Google’s deep learning system is something that many do not know about nor understand, but it represents the future of artificial intelligence. At a recent talk by a very senior Google executive in Sydney, the term ‘autonomous vehicle’ was used so many times that it became annoying. Google has changed its entire focus to artificial intelligence and the world will change because of it. Don’t think for one second that Google and Apple are content making a better search engine or nicer phones and computers – they are looking to grow, and that’s partly inspired by some crazy guy called Elon Musk. Speaking of which, if you believe the share market, Musk’s Tesla is worth more than Mazda,  Mitsubishi and Suzuki combined and just 25 per cent less than Ford or General motors. Think about that for a minute. Tesla makes fewer than 100,000 cars a year and those three manufacturers make more than 4 million – and, yet, the trio is worth about half Tesla’s value. Forgetting valuations for a minute, the arrival of the tech giants and Tesla should be scaring the hell out of car companies. Sure, the argument in their favour goes: “We’ve been doing this for more than a 100 years and cars are very complicated and regulated – making a car is far more complicated than making a gold iPhone.” That argument is one I’ve made myself before and it has some validity. Except for one thing: cars and mobility as we know it is rapidly changing. No doubt all the already mentioned car companies know how to make a great internal combustion engine, but why did it take Tesla to bring everyday electric cars to the forefront? Why was Tesla the first car company with autonomous driving technology that was more than just a concept? Some random upstart that has been ‘mass producing’ cars only since 2008. Two thousand and freaking eight! I remember 2008, it was like a few weeks ago. Tesla achieved both of these feats before any of the established manufacturers and, while it definitely has some ways to go to match the build quality of the old guard, it’s not exactly decades behind. A very senior German BMW executive recently told me that Tesla’s first-to-market success is due to the company not testing its products nearly as much as they do. Sure, that might be true (if something of an overstatement), but it also highlighted the weakness of car companies. They run like giant political corporations, overwhelmed by bureaucracy – while Tesla, Apple and Google operate like tech companies, where things happen at a much faster rate and with far leaner processes. All of these companies, be it vehicle manufacturers or technology giants, are all presenting solutions to problems of future mobility from different perspectives. Google and Apple are stealing car company staff like it’s going out of fashion in the hope of dazzling the market with their own product. Whether that’s an actual car or the software for the car seems to change every week. Meanwhile Uber and Ford envision a future where car sharing becomes a far bigger norm and Nvidia, best known for making pretty graphics a possibility, is now making a great deal of the hardware that drives the Tesla Autopilot system and is seeking to position itself as the Bosch of the new automotive era by producing commoditised artificial intelligence and vision processing systems. Shares in the company have gone up by more than 400 per cent in the last 12 months. The atmosphere around the autonomous driving systems is electric. Every auto maker wants to have the best system and yet, they were all beaten by some American upstart. Nissan and Volkswagen made big deals about their autonomous vehicle technologies at this year’s CES. Nissan with its man-in-the-middle approach (SAM) has basically admitted that autonomous cars won’t work on their own. They need a human monitoring them, Nissan says, so that when things get complicated, someone can dial in and help the car’s artificial intelligence out. Well, is that even an autonomous car anymore? More to the point, during the live demo of its new Nissan SAM, the system froze. Twice. The autonomous car was stuck and no one was coming to help. Nissan blamed it on a failed satellite link, which highlighted the lack of a backup solution. Really? It has such an obvious single point of failure and no one thought a backup would be a good idea? Volkswagen had a similar failure demonstrating its own autonomous vehicle technology. Meanwhile, Tesla’s Autopilot 2 system is in the hands of 1000 customers, being tested in the real world right now. To be fair, Mercedes ($110 billion) appears to be the only brand that is keeping in reach of Tesla, with its own autonomous car technology set to launch this year and the first stages of the technology already available in the S, E and C-Class. It’s worth noting that Mercedes bought a 9.1 per cent stake in Tesla in May 2009, before it went public, for an estimated $50m. It disposed of its shares in October 2014, making a cool $780m – and both companies learnt a fair bit along the way. The biggest advantage that tech companies have over the vehicle manufacturers, however, isn’t just a more innate understanding of artificial intelligence and connected devices. It’s mapping. Google and Apple maps are the two leading mapping systems in the world (Apple map jokes aside, the system has improved substantially over the years). Do you think Google’s Street View and Google Earth features were developed as a user-focused visual treat or side hobby for the company’s CEO? No. In order for autonomous cars to work properly, accurate mapping data is vital. It’s why BMW, Mercedes-Benz and Audi jointly purchased Nokia’s Here map system last year. The race is on to build the world’s most accurate mapping data. Perhaps it’s also worthwhile to remember that even though the traditional car makers are stuck in the current dealership model, new comers will further change the game and remove one of the least consumer friendly sides of the automotive business. Just look at an Apple Store experience compared to your local car dealer. So, here we are. Two industries are about to clash. The car as we know it is about to change more than anyone can predict. Carlos Ghosn, the CEO of Renault-Nissan and now Mitsubishi alliance said that the emergence of electric cars, autonomous cars and connected cars will see more change in the automotive industry in the next decade than we’ve seen in the last 50 years. He likened it to the revolution from horse-and-carriage to the car. How many horse-drawn carriage manufacturers can you name? MORE: ITS Australia joins Melbourne Uni’s ‘urban laboratory’ MORE: Nissan says tech companies will struggle to make cars MORE: Autonomous cars are ‘will cure death on the road’ MORE: all Autonomous Driving news coverage SHARE THIS ARTICLE RELATED VIDEOS Dodge Challenger and GMC Sierra:: ADR compliance testing 2017 Land Rover Discovery Sport review 2016 Toyota HiLux Workmate review 2017 Volkswagen Amarok V6 review BEST SELLING CARS 1 Toyota HiLux 2 Toyota Corolla 3 Hyundai i30 4 Ford Ranger 5 Mazda 3 6 Toyota Camry 7 Holden Commodore 8 Mazda CX-5 9 Mitsubishi Triton 10 Hyundai Tucson CAR REVIEWS Car Reviews Car Comparisons Owner Car Reviews Compare Specs   Car News Showrooms Videos Our Picks CONTACT US Contact Us Advertise About Us Careers Authors FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Youtube Google+ Instagram Podcast Subscribe CarAdvice Copyright 2006-2017 | CarAdvice.com Limited | ABN: 84 116 608 158 | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Partner site Boat Reviews, News and Videos Unless otherwise stated, all prices are shown as Manufacturer's Recommended List Price (MRLP) inclusive of GST, exclusive of options and on road costs. 1484539098 - 4.5.2079
Trending: Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Hands on: Apple's AirPods are 'magical' Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. The CSO guide to top security conferences It's time to start planning for SQL Server on Linux Review: DigitalOcean keeps the cloud simple IT teams put conversations to work with ChatOps More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac News Mac’s share falls to five-year low Sales slowdown catches up with the Mac, which cedes share to Windows and Linux By Gregg Keizer | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Jan 5, 2017 12:48 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Craig Dennis/Pexels More like this Windows 10 growth ebbs as 2016 ends Windows 10 posts user-share gains after multi-month stall Firefox recovers from near-death experience Video Mingis on Tech: The MacBook Pro show-and-tell Apple's Mac share of personal computers worldwide fell to a five-year low in December, mimicking the company's own numbers that have portrayed a four-quarter sales slowdown. According to web analytics vendor Net Applications, Apple's desktop and notebook operating system -- formerly OS X, now macOS -- powered just 6.1% of all personal computers last month, down from 7% a year ago and a peak of 9.6% as recently as April 2016. Net Applications measures operating system user share -- an estimate of the proportion of all personal computer owners who run a device powered by a specific OS -- by counting systems whose browsers reach websites of its clients. The Mac's 6.1% user share in December was the lowest mark recorded by Net Applications since August 2011, more than five years ago. Although the Mac number fluctuates month to month -- as do all estimates from the metrics firm -- its general trend has been up for two-thirds of a decade: In 2009, for example, the Mac accounted for only about 5% of all personal computers. User share does not equal sales -- the former resembles the installed base more than anything -- but Apple's own data fits the view of a shrinking Mac. In October, the company reported sales of 4.9 million Macs for the September quarter, a 14% year-over-year decline and the fourth straight quarterly downturn. Apple's sales slide during the past 12 months has been steeper than for the personal computer industry as a whole, according to industry researchers from IDC and Gartner, a 180-degree shift from the prior 30 or so quarters, when the Mac's growth rate repeatedly beat the business average. The long string of successes selling Macs -- fueled by Microsoft's stumbles with Windows 8 and a race-to-the-bottom mentality among rival OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) -- resulted in Apple's computers gaining user share. But the converse has been true more recently, meaning that as sales of Macs fell faster than of Windows PCs, Cupertino's share shrunk as well. As that slippage took hold, two rivals -- Goliath Windows and David Linux -- both benefited with increases of around a half percentage point during 2016. Linux, the open-source operating system whose users are even more passionate when defending their choice, climbed out of the under-2% cellar last year. Net Applications pegged Linux's user share at 2.2% in December, slightly off the 2.3% peak of November. Linux first cracked the 2% barrier in June. Computerworld (Data: Net Applications) The Mac’s global user share peaked at 9.6% in April, but has slid since then as sales fell faster than the industry average. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple Mac MacOS Apple Daily Briefing Senior Writer Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources Go Top Stories Here's how much Tesla will require EV owners to pay to charge up Tesla has announced the prices vehicle owners will have to pay to use its Supercharger stations. A trip... Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools A handful of free tools can be used to repair most problems on Windows 10 PCs -- and they’re all... Best tips & takeaways from RStudio Conference I'll be sharing the most interesting things I hear, see and learn at this week's big R event. NRAM set to spark a 'holy war' among memory technologies Nano-RAM, which is based on carbon nanotubes, is expected to challenge traditional memory and flash for... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Ignore the iPhone Doom and Gloom Reports More dire predictions about iPhone sales and production hit the news as 2016 drew to a close, but iPhone usage trends point in the opposite direction. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Jan 8, 2017 at 1:25PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) faced more than its fair share of gloomy prognostications during 2016. It's true that the company posted its first annual earnings decline in over a decade last year, but Apple still performed well overall, generating more than $45 billion in net income in fiscal 2016. Japanese financial publication Nikkei Asian Review couldn't resist getting in one more dig at Apple before 2016 was over. It ran an "exclusive" story just before New Year's Day claiming that Apple would cut iPhone production by 10% year over year in the coming quarter. The report said that despite prior production cuts, demand for the iPhone 7 continued to miss expectations. The dreary predictions about iPhone demand trends continue. Image source: The Motley Fool. However, this dour picture isn't supported whatsoever by the available data on iPhone usage. In fact, adoption trends for Apple's newest iPhones suggest that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- especially the latter -- have sold very well. Nikkei has been pessimistic all along The Nikkei Asian Review has been consistently bearish about the iPhone 7's prospects over the past year. Way back in May, it said that the iPhone 7 was dead on arrival due to a lack of innovation. In August, it reported that there could be supply shortages for the new models, with component orders down 15% to 20% year over year. At that time, it maintained its conviction that demand would decline again relative to the iPhone 6s product cycle. An October article acknowledged that the iPhone 7 would sell better than expected a few months earlier, but still called for declining sales. Usage data tells another story If Nikkei Asian Review's sources were accurate, then iPhone sales should have declined on a year-over-year basis last quarter. That doesn't seem to the case, though. On the last day of Apple's first fiscal quarter (Dec. 31), the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus together accounted for 12.2% of all iPhone usage, according to Fiksu. For comparison, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus represented 12.5% of iPhone usage on the last day of the quarter a year earlier. This might appear to imply that sales were down modestly year over year. However, the iPhone installed base probably grew by 15% to 20% over the past year. As a result, each percentage point of usage represents a larger number of iPhones. Bearing this in mind, the Fiksu iPhone adoption figures point to a low double-digit increase in iPhone sales last quarter. Mixpanel -- another company that collects iPhone usage data -- estimates even stronger growth for the iPhone 7. Usage data point to a return to iPhone sales growth last quarter. Image source: Apple. It's important to note that these usage figures are a proxy for sales to end users. By contrast, Apple reports unit shipments, which also reflects changes in inventory at third-party retailers. A year ago, Apple significantly increased its channel inventory, leading to a painful inventory reduction later on. The company is working hard to avoid a repeat of that situation this year. As a result, even if sell-through is up by double digits year over year, Apple will likely report a single-digit increase in iPhone shipments. On the plus side, the lower level of channel inventory this year will lead to higher shipments over the next two quarters, all else equal. Apple could surge past modest investor expectations In October, Apple projected that its total revenue would be up 0% to 3% year over year in Q1. Based on CEO Tim Cook's comments, Apple's ability to ramp up production of the iPhone 7 Plus to meet customer demand was a key variable that would impact the company's Q1 results. After several months of short supply, Apple made big strides in catching up with demand for the iPhone 7 Plus during the last few weeks of the quarter. This may mean that iPhone 7 Plus output came in ahead of Apple's initial expectations. If so, Apple will probably blow past its revenue guidance range for Q1. The iPhone 7 Plus is also one of Apple's most profitable products, which bodes well for gross margin. Right now, analysts on average expect revenue to increase just 2% year over year in Q1 -- well within Apple's guidance range -- and they are calling for EPS to decline on a year-over-year basis. The slew of negative media reports and weak supply-chain data appear to have depressed investors' expectations, even though actual usage trends tell a very different story. Apple's iPhone lineup appears to have returned to growth last quarter. Considering that all of last summer's gloomy reports about iPhone production and sales turned out to be wrong, investors shouldn't put much stock in the latest negative headlines. Adam Levine-Weinberg is long January 2017 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2017 $110 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Jan 8, 2017 at 1:25PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.04 down $0.21 (-0.18%) Read More Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar Tech Predictions for 2017 Apple, Inc. Continues to Slip in China Is Apple, Inc. Subtly Pushing Back on U.S. Manufacturing? Apple's App Store Earned $8.6 Billion Last Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Ignore the iPhone Doom and Gloom Reports #stocks $AAPL
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish New iPad Pro Display Size Might Be 10.5 Inches By Adnan Farooqui on 01/08/2017 09:41 PST Apple is due to launch new iPads in a couple of months which is why there are so many rumors and reports about the new tablets these days. The latest report comes from the infamous Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities who has slightly revised his predictions for the new iPad Pro. Kuo predicts that Apple will release three tablets in 2017 and that the high-end iPad Pro model is going to have a 10.5 inch display. According to the analyst, the 2017 tablet lineup from Apple will include the 12.9 inch iPad Pro 2, a new iPad Pro with a display that’s either 10 or 10.5 inches and a “low-cost” iPad with a 9.7 inch display that iPads have stuck with over the years. The new 10-10.5 inch iPad Pro is said to be the new high-end model with a narrow bezel design. It’s expected to be powered by Apple’s A10X processor as well as upgraded internal hardware. Despite the launch of the new models, Kuo believes that iPad shipments in 2017 will register a drop again year-over-year to around 35-37 million units. The drop won’t necessarily be due to consumers losing interest in the iPad but also due to the performance of the overall tablet market that has been on a steady decline for the past few quarters. Even manufacturers like Apple are feeling the pinch. None of this has obviously been confirmed by Apple as yet so take it with a grain of salt. Apple is expected to unveil its new iPads by March. Filed in Apple >Tablets. Read more about iPad and ipad pro. Key Specs iPad Pro Status Released Display Diagonal 12.9" (32.77 cm) Processor/Soc Name A9X Street Price (Approx) ~ $890 Search low iPad Pro price (Amazon) Max. Total Storage Capacity 128 GB Megapixels 8 Megapixel Battery Capacity (mAh) 38.8 mAh Complete product data Apple iPad Pro Full specs and details Related Articles 2017-01-11 Apple Predicted To Hit $1 Trillion In Total Revenue From iOS In 2017 2017-01-03 The New Yorker’s Latest Cover Was Illustrated By The iPad Pro 2016-12-30 Apple Patent Sees The Digital Crown Brought Onto iOS Devices 2016-12-23 Low Foundry Yields Could Affect 2017’s iPad Production 2016-11-28 New 10.9 Inch iPad Might Be Bezel-Less 2016-11-11 10.9-inch ‘Bezel-less’ iPad Pro Rumored For March 2017 2016-10-03 Trio Of New iPads Rumored For Spring 2017 Launch 2016-08-14 10.5-inch iPad Pro Arriving In 2017, OLED iPad In 2018 [Rumor] Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Press Esc to close Monday 16 January 2017 News updated at 9:25 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 27.6°C Min : 15.5°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper  Breaking News 3 Hizbul Mujahideen terrorists killed in encounter in Anantnag district, 3 AK-47 riffles recovered     Next Story New cars make voice recognition work better Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » Cyber Space » Giant tech firms are the new evil Giant tech firms are the new evil Farhad Manjoo, Jan 09, 2017, International New York Times In the technology industry, the sharks have never long been safe from the minnows. Over much of the last 40 years, the biggest players in tech — from IBM to Hewlett-Packard to Cisco to Yahoo — were eventually outmaneuvered by startups that came out of nowhere. The dynamic is so dependable that it is often taken to be a kind of axiom. To grow large in this business is also to grow slow, blind and dumb, to become closed off from the very sources of innovation that turned you into a shark in the first place. Then, in the last half decade, something strange happened: The sharks began to get bigger and smarter. Nearly a year ago, I argued that we were witnessing a new era in the tech business, one that is typified less by the storied startup in a garage than by a posse I like to call the Frightful Five: Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft and Alphabet, Google’s parent company. Together the Five compose a new superclass of American corporate might. For much of last year, their further rise and domination over the rest of the global economy looked not just plausible, but also maybe even probable. In 2017, much the same story remains, but there is a new wrinkle: The world’s governments are newly motivated to take on the tech giants. In the United States, Europe, Asia and South America, the Five find themselves increasingly arrayed against legal and regulatory powers, and often even against popular will. The precise nature of the fights varies by company and region, including the tax and antitrust investigations of Apple and Google in Europe and Donald Trump’s broad and often incoherent criticism of the Five for various alleged misdeeds. This is the story that will shape the contours of the next great era in tech: Five huge companies that can only get bigger are set against governments that increasingly see them as a clear threat to governing authority. So, happy New Year. Let’s start with some stats. In 2017, the Five are bigger than ever. As in 2016, they are half of the world’s 10 most valuable companies, when measured by stock market value. Their wealth stems from their control of the inescapable digital infrastructure on which much of the rest of the economy depends — mobile phones, social networks, the web, the cloud, retail and logistics, and the data and computing power required for future breakthroughs. Meanwhile, the Five are poised to jump beyond their corner of the lagoon. Over the last few years they have begun to set their sights on the biggest industries outside tech — on autos, health care, retail, transportation, entertainment and finance. The Five aren’t exactly immune to business cycles. Apple’s sales were flat last year, and after a monster 2016, Alphabet’s stock price hit a plateau. The Five also aren’t entirely safe from competition from startups, and one of the persistent features of the tech industry is that some of the most perilous threats to giants are the hardest to spot. Still, at the moment, thanks to smart acquisition strategies and a long-term outlook, the Five sure do look insulated from competition from startups; today’s most valuable tech upstarts, like Airbnb, Uber and Snap, could grow quite huge and still pose little threat to the collective fortunes of the Frightful Five. What has changed is public perception. For years, most of the Five enjoyed broad cultural good will. They were portrayed in the news media as forces of innovation and delight, as the best that American capitalism had to offer. The exceptions were Microsoft, which reached towering heights through corporate ruthlessness in the 1990s, and Amazon, which got under people’s skin for, among other things, making books cheaper and more widely accessible, thereby hurting bookstores. But generally people loved tech giants. They had gotten huge just the way you’re supposed to in America — by inventing new stuff that people love. And even their worst sins weren’t considered that bad. They weren’t causing environmental disasters. They weren’t selling cigarettes. They weren’t bringing the world to economic ruin through dangerous financial shenanigans. After I noted the Five’s growing invincibility last year, the biggest pushback I got from people at these companies had to do with the moniker I had given them: Why hadn’t I called them the Fabulous Five? Over the last year perception began to change. Familiarity breeds contempt; as technology wormed deeper into our lives, it began to feel less like an unalloyed good and more like every other annoyance we have to deal with. Silicon Valley grew cloistered, missing people’s unease with the speed with which their innovations were changing our lives. When Apple took on the FBI last year over access to a terrorist’s iPhone, many in tech sided with the company, but a majority of Americans thought Apple should give in. During the long presidential campaign, Trump said a lot of things that people in tech found ridiculous. He vowed to call on Bill Gates to help him shut down the parts of the internet that terrorists were using. He promised to force Apple to make iPhones in America. He suggested that The Washington Post was running critical stories about him because its owner, Jeff Bezos, was scared that Trump would pursue antitrust charges against Bezos’ main company, Amazon. Few in the tech industry supported Trump, but the industry’s antipathy seemed to matter little to the public. For years, most of the Frightful Five were given the benefit of the doubt as economic disrupters that were undercutting the cultural and economic power of the big industries that many people despised — entertainment giants, cable and phone companies, and the news media, among others. “During the periods where incumbents are battling disrupters, in general the US has done a good job of encouraging disrupters,” said Julius Genachowski, the former chairman of the Federal Communications Commission who is now a partner at the Carlyle Group, a private equity firm. That describes the general direction of policy during the Obama administration. The tech giants were less giant for much of the Obama years, and various parts of the US regulatory and legal infrastructure sought to protect and nurture them. During Genachowski’s term at the FCC, and then again during the term of his successor, Tom Wheeler, the commission passed rules favoring “network neutrality,” which declared that telecommunications companies could not favour some kinds of content online over others. It was a policy broadly favoured by tech companies. But as Genachowski noted, as the disrupters grow, the dynamic often shifts. “The next part of the arc is that disrupters become very successful and in some ways turn into incumbents, and then you see two things — battles between incumbents and other incumbents, and a next generation of disrupters tackling incumbents,” he said. That’s where we are now. The Five have become incumbents themselves, and they are more likely to be treated as such by governments, who will look to both sides of the ledger — their benefits to society as well as their potential costs — when deciding how to police them. But there’s a twist: With the Five, unlike in previous eras of tech, it is not clear that there are many potential disrupters among today’s startups. The battles for dominance in cloud services, artificial intelligence and data mining, voice-activated assistants, self-driving cars, virtual reality and most every other Next Big Thing are being waged among the Five. That could likely raise the hackles of regulators and lawmakers even more; and depending on your position on corporate power versus governmental power, things could be fabulous, or frightful.   Tweet Go to Top Videos Priyanka Chopra resting after accident on 'Quantico'... House Republicans vote to begin repealing Obamacare... Womens group out to reclaim nights Devotees take holy dip on Makar Sankranti... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Worse is yet to come: Manmohan on demonetisation 2.Row over KVIC calendar & diary: PMO says it is unnecessary 3.Modi's crackdown on civil society 4.Worst is yet to come, says Manmohan 5.2 months after note ban, Mamata wants Prez to intervene, Manmohan also cautions 1.Revolutionising cancer treatment 2.Eat hot chili peppers for a longer life! 3.Boy or girl? Mother's BP may predict sex of baby! 4.Fenugreek for fitness 5.20 minutes of walking may reduce inflammation in body: study 1. Karan Johar says friendship with Kajol ended over a tweet 2. 4-yr-old girl raped, killed in Thane; 3 held 3. Plane makes emergency landing after fisticuffs fly at 30,000ft 4. Boy or girl? Mother's BP may predict sex of baby! 5. Slain lawyer wasn't woman's lover, claims his cousin Photo Gallery Art lovers thronging Chitra Santhe organised by Karnataka Chitrakala Parishat on Kumara Krupa... Large number of art lovers visiting the 14th annual art fair 'Chitra Sante' organized... A large number of tourists throng Mysuru Palace as weekend holidays and Mysuru Zoo remain closed... People walk on a snow covered road following heavy snowfall at Kandi Area in Budhal, Rajouri... Students make a rangoli to aware people on voting in Moradabad on Sunday... ABVP activists run with the Tricolours at an event ahead of Republic Day on the outskirts ... Army Chief Gen Bipin Rawat inspecting the guard of honour during the Army Day parade in New Delhi... People take part in marathon on the Bandra-Worli Sea Link, in Mumbai... People are participated in Kite Festival organised by Rotary Bangalore Lakeside at HSR Layout... A man with his decorated camel during the 24th International Camel Festival, in Bikaner... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Share 14 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-15 The Best New Podcasts Of 2016 Entertainment 2017-01-15 Here Are Eight Of The Best Netflix Movies And Series That Are Overlooked Entertainment 2017-01-15 EXO, BTS Big Winners In 31st Golden Disk Awards, Bangtan Boys Prep For Upcoming Album Next Month Entertainment 2017-01-14 ‘The Wizard Of Lies’: See Robert De Niro As Bernie Madoff In Teaser For New HBO Movie [Video] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-15 Like Ringling Brothers, The Big Apple Circus Is Closed Down News 2017-01-15 Bernie Sanders Headlines Rallies To Support Obamacare And Save Health Care Opinion 2017-01-15 Martin Luther King, Jr. Would Not Have Approved Of Obama’s Legacy [Opinion] News 2017-01-15 Texas 911 Operator Answers Call From Own Teen Daughter, Who Was Reporting A Fire At Their Home Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-15 WWE Royal Rumble: John Cena Will Win WWE Championship Soccer 2017-01-15 Jose Mourinho Reveals Reason For Jurgen Klopp Fight During Manchester United And Liverpool Game Wrestling 2017-01-15 WWE News: Pro Wrestling Legends React To The Death Of ‘Superfly’ Jimmy Snuka Football 2017-01-15 NFL Playoffs Results: Green Bay Packers Defeat Dallas Cowboys, Will Face Atlanta Falcons In NFC Championship Game Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-15 Japanese Broad Tapeworm Spotted In Alaskan Salmon, Says New CDC Study Health 2017-01-15 Stress Linked To Increased Heart Attacks And Strokes: Study Suggests It All Starts In Your Head Health 2017-01-15 Woman Killed By Superbug: ‘Pan-Resistant’ Bacteria Now Considered Worldwide Threat To Humans Health 2017-01-15 Marijuana Report Fails To Find Any Real Health Benefits, Cannabis Use May Even Cause Heart Attacks Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-15 ‘Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild’ Gets Master Edition and Special Edition On Nintendo Switch Gaming 2017-01-15 Nintendo Switch: Problems In Messaging Could Plague Sales [Video] Gaming 2017-01-15 Microsoft’s New Creators Update To Increase Performance Of Both Windows 10 And Xbox One Gaming 2017-01-15 Is Sony Hiding Developers’ Disappointment With PS4 Pro? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Woman Uses Chicken To Shut Down A Guy Who Asks For Nude Pictures Via Text Message BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Mississippi City Chooses To Celebrate ‘Great Americans Day’ Instead Of MLK Day And The Internet Destroys The Idea BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Quora User, 17, Claims To Have Caught Dad Snooping In On Sex Story Call While Pleasuring Himself BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 More Trumpgrets: Trump Supporters Who Regret Voting For Him Blast PEOTUS On Twitter, New Site Asks ‘Are You Sorry Yet?’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8: The Latest On Apple’s Upcoming Killer Smartphone Gadgets 14 0 0 January 8, 2017 iPhone 8: The Latest On Apple’s Upcoming Killer Smartphone Daryl Deino Apple’s iPhone 8 likely won’t be released for another eight months, but there are already predictions that it will be Apple’s best-selling device yet. Tech Times has the news. “Rumors about Apple’s upcoming iPhone 8 – codenamed – Ferrari – are swirling online as consumers gear up for the next-gen handset to launch in September. Analysts are predicting that the arrival of the iPhone 8 could turn around Apple’s fortunes drastically.” The article adds that in a note to investors, Jeffery Kvaal and Gregory McNaff, analysts who work with Nomura Securities, predicted that the next generation iPhone from Apple would be instrumental in helping Apple rake in bigger profits. Apple certainly has a lot of hype to live up to. The iPhone 7 series wasn’t a big upgrade from the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but the iPhone 8 series upgrade is going to be huge. According to 9to5Mac, we may see 4.7-inch to 5.8-inch curved OLED displays, an all-glass design with new colors, wireless charging, an embedded (into the screen) home button, and something that has to do with augmented reality. BGR describes how Apple may incorporate augmented reality with their next smartphone in 2017. “The way Apple envisions implementing augmented reality into the iPhone is multi-faceted. For instance, Apple envisions iPhone users being able to point their cameras at any number of objects and have the device itself recognize what’s in frame,” says columnist Yoni Heisler. The article adds that as another example, Apple could build functionality that would allow the iPhone camera to completely manipulate faces. This has caused a lot of excitement in the smartphone world. According to Forbes, a new patent shows that the iPhone could also be adding in touch sensors to replace physical buttons The next iPhone could replace physical buttons with touch sensors. [Image by Daryl Deino] “This patent describes a technique where touch sensors can be placed around any side of a device allowing for new input sources. The patent also notes that physical buttons (such as the volume controls) could be replaced by these embedded touch sensors,” says Forbes contributor Ewan Spence, who summarizes that Apple could drop the current buttons to turn towards touch-enabled areas on the device for the existing UI. One of the most exciting features of all the different versions of the iPhone 8 (there may be three of them) is the edgeless OLED screen. According to Macworld UK, that screen will be covered with Gorilla Glass and other polycarbonates in order to help the new iPhone not shatter when dropped. The screen will allegedly allow the iPhone to have a higher frame rate than a screen with a Nvidia 1080 card in it. Macworld UK also notes that not only will the new iPhone 8 come in several different colors (silver, gold, rose gold, and deep blue), but that it could also be covered with glass from front to back. It’s also possible that a stainless steel option will be released as well. Apple is really out to make their 10th anniversary smartphone something special, but there are other special smartphones coming out as well. Samsung will beat the iPhone 8 series to the market with the Galaxy S8. According to Tech Radar, the Galaxy S8 is shaping up to be a huge upgrade from the S7 and S7 Edge. Samsung’s next smartphone could be a game-changer. [Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] “Likely highlights include a 4K screen, a Snapdragon 830 processor, 6GB of RAM and a massively improved camera. There’s even a chance that the Samsung Galaxy S8 will have an iris scanner or a foldable screen, though the latter is somewhat less likely.” The article adds that there could be two different versions of the S8, and both will come with curved screens. One could be a 5.7-inch regular version, and the other, the one that would have the 4K screen, will be 6.1 inches. The S8 could also have a 30MP dual-lens rear camera, an 8MP front camera, and a 4200mAh battery. 2017 is shaping up to be a great year for smartphones. Which one do you think will dominate – the Galaxy S8 or the iPhone 8? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section. [Featured Image by Sean Gallup/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Amazon’s Alexa Orders DollHouses After Listening To The News Now Read This: 2016 MacBook Pro Finally Gets ‘Consumer Reports’ Approval Share 14 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Apple, Galaxy S8, iPhone 8 January 15, 2017 What’s Open On Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2017? Find A Full List Of What’s Open, What’s Closed, And Where To Find The Best Sales January 15, 2017 Courtney Taylor Murder Update: New Details Emerge About Kentucky Mom Accused Of Murdering Her Husband And Two Daughters In Their Beds View full timeline 15 hours ago Apple iPhone 8 And Samsung Galaxy S8 Battle Heats Up 18 hours ago iPhone 8 Specs And Features: Role Of Samsung In The Upcoming iPhone 8 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Martin Luther King’s Wife Said FBI Sent Her Sex Tapes Of King With Other Women In ‘Smear’ Bid Video Captures Quick-Thinking Mother Saving Toddler Daughter From Choking To Death ‘Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Gets Master Edition And Special Edition On Nintendo Switch WWE Royal Rumble: John Cena Will Win WWE Championship Meghan Markle Meets Kate and Princess Charlotte: Could The Queen Be Next? Like Ringling Brothers, The Big Apple Circus Is Closed Down Caitlyn Jenner Prepares For Donald Trump Inauguration With Golden Facial Bernie Sanders Headlines Rallies To Support Obamacare And Save Health Care Sasha Obama’s Bikini Ensemble May Signal Career In Fashion After Leaving The White House Martin Luther King, Jr. Would Not Have Approved Of Obama’s Legacy [Opinion] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Democrats Found Out This Week That Bernie Supporters Are Not Going Away Any Time Soon [Opinion] 25.9k 0 0 WWE News: Nearly 1,000-Pound Man Known As ‘Pakistani Hulk’ Looking To Join WWE — Will Triple H Give Him A Chance? 20.7k 0 0 Dreamcatcher, K-pop Rookie Girl Group, Set To Debut With Spooky First Single ‘Chase Me’ — Check Out The Teasers [Video] 7.6k 0 0 Kai Of EXO Cast In KBS K-Drama ‘Andante’ — SM Entertainment K-Pop Idol Confirmed As Male Lead In Drama Opposite Jung Da Bin 5.7k 0 0 My Experience As A LuLaRoe Consultant And Why I’m Getting Out 14.1k 0 0 EXO’s Kai Never Wanted To Be An Idol??? Kpop Star Makes Surprising Revelation In New 2017 Interview, Talks Coping With Ankle Injury 11.2k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 9 Things to Know About the iPhone 5 iOS 10.2 Update Adam Mills01/06/2017 Here are the most important things to know about the iPhone 5 iOS 10.2 update and its performance as we enter into the month of January. Advertisement The iPhone 5 is getting older which puts greater importance on each update Apple releases for the former flagship. iOS updates for older devices can have a dramatic effect on a device’s performance. Positive or negative. Apple’s latest iOS 10 update for the device is a big one. The iPhone 5 iOS 10.2 update is much larger than the iOS 10.1.1 update and it brings some notable changes to the aging smartphone. The iOS 10.2 is now a few weeks old but we continue to see new and important details emerge as we push into the new year. If you’re making the move from the iOS 10.1.1 update, your iOS 10.2 update will be well over 100MB in size. If you’re coming from something older, you can expect your iPhone 5’s update to be much larger thanks to the features and fixes from previous iOS upgrades. Advertisement The iOS 10.2 is an important update for the iPhone 5 and that’s why we’re taking a close look at it as we enter the new year. This roundup will take you through our impressions of the software and it will guide you through some of the key things to keep in mind as we get closer to Apple’s next iOS 10 release. We’ll continue to update this roundup with new details as we get them so keep an eye out for frequent changes. iPhone 5 iOS 10.2 Update: Impressions & Performance   1 / 9 The iPhone 5 iOS 10.2 update is a big one and it'll take you a few minutes to download and install. It took us about five minutes to download the update over a fast Wi-Fi speed network and about 10 minutes to finish up the installation.  We recommend setting aside 20 quiet minutes where you can monitor both the download and installation without distractions.  Advertisement We've been using the iPhone 5 iOS 10.2 update for just about a month now and the update is, for the most part, holding up.  The iPhone 5's battery continues to work miracles at the three week mark. We haven't noticed any abnormal battery drain during our time with iOS 10.2. A number of iOS 10.2 users are reporting abnormal battery drain but we haven't seen anything odd on our variant.  We've tested the iPhone 5 and its new update with several different ISPs, routers and Bluetooth devices. We haven't noticed any major issues. AT&T's LTE and 4G networks are working fine as well.  Shortly after installing iOS 10.2 on our iPhone 5 we experienced a random reboot. We've seen about five during our three weeks with the update, an uptick from the number we saw with the iOS 10.1.1 update on board.  UI speed is decent. Animations and transitions are fast and fluid and we haven't experienced any lag when opening up Control Center. The UI still lags when opening up folders and some apps but that's par for the course. Remember, this phone is now over four years old.  If you're already on iOS 10.1.1, iOS 10.2 and its features/fixes/patches make it worth a serious look. The random reboots are annoying but this appear to be an isolated issue rather than a widespread one.  If you're on something older than the iOS 10.1.1 update, make sure you dig into more feedback before you make the jump to iOS 10.2.  For more, see our list of reasons to and not to install the iOS 10.2 update today.   1 / 9 One Response 12/19/2016 Facebook lite apk Reply i like ios 10.2 more than 10.1. power berry slow lost Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: Beats Solo3 headphones $220, Sony PS4 $220, and more Let’s Talk iOS 169: 10-year iPhone anniversary special   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple’s Chinese New Year wallpapers By Jim Gresham, Jan 8, 2017 Tweet 4 Comments The iDownloadBlog Wallpapers of the Week section aims to bring you stunning, photo quality images every Sunday for your favorite iOS devices. Today, we feature an official Apple set of Chinese New Year wallpapers, by five Chinese artists, who place their modern impressions upon traditional Nianhua folk art. Get ready to celebrate on January 27 and 28! The five image collection is hosted via Apple and available for iPhone, iPad, and desktop. All original works of art, step inside for your downloads. Official Apple Chinese New Year wallpaper As a side: it is interesting these wallpapers are exactly the dimension of the device screens, 1920 x 1080 for iPhone, 2732 x 2732 for iPad Pro, and 2880 x 1800 for desktop (and no 4k or 5k). There is always an open debate about the iOS wallpaper parallax effect for images and what creators should make the canvas size, when creating an original. While these images are from Apple, the company gives us no leads on what the perfect wallpaper size should be, if you are hoping to give margin for screen tilting, parallax effects. The following image was created by Victo Ngai, using a MacBook Pro, iPad Pro, Apple Pencil and Procreate. This is an interpretation of the Chinese belief that good luck follows happiness. According to Apple “she used Apple Pencil in the Procreate app on iPad Pro to sketch, then moved to MacBook Pro to compose and color the design.” Download “Lucky Rooster:” iPhone; iPad; desktop (2880 x 1800) The following image was created by Eszter Chen using iMac, MacBook Pro, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator to depict a modern day Chinese New Year Eve dinner. “Working directly on iMac with Adobe Photoshop, Ester created fun characters with a childlike quality in her signature style of detailed block-print patterns and bright colors.” Download “Joyful Reunions:” iPhone; iPad; desktop (2880 x 1800) The following image was created by Zhou Fan, first using hand-painted images. Fan “then multiplied and overlapped them using Adobe Photoshop on MacBook Pro to create a surreal image of a plentiful harvest that captures the spirit of bountiful blessings.” Download “Rich Harvest:” iPhone; iPad; desktop (2880 x 1800) The following image was created by Ye Hongxing is a “surprising work that combines a conventional new year motif with contemporary objects.” Initially utilizing Adobe Photoshop on MacBook Pro, “she then worked directly on the canvas, adding a variety of colorful stickers.” Download “Peaceful Home:” iPhone; iPad; desktop (2880 x 1800) The following image was created by Jiang Shan, depicting new year fish in a bold update. The symbol of blessing was drafted on paper, colored and enhanced in Adobe Photoshop, then touched-up in Adobe Illustrator. Download “Fortune Flows:” iPhone; iPad; desktop (2880 x 1800) Our Wallpapers of the Week section is curated from images that are submitted or tipped to me. Alternately, I always have my eye out for great, photo quality images! Catch up with me via @jim_gresham for conversation, mid-week wallpapers, or to send something my way. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack Happy New Year firework wallpapers Wallpapers of the week: Christmas Wallpapers of the week: OnePlus 2 pack for iPhone Related Topics Wallpaper, Wallpapers of the Week Reilitas I’m looking for the iTunes gift card type of wallpapers—why haven’t I used Google? sigh* leart beautiful artworks, but doubt that anyone would use them for wallpapers 🙂 MMA Rules Same thought here Icisz Thank you, (once again) for the truly dope images. I will gladly be the only one on the planet ever who would use them as a wallpaper.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… The top stories of the week on iDB Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them Why to avoid third-party Cydia Substrate “patches” for the iOS 10 beta jailbreak OnceMore lets you repeat iPhone timers right from the Lock screen iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Gifts That Just Keep on Giving While toys rarely last, good stocks can be appreciated for a lifetime. David Gardner (TMFSpiffyPop) Jan 8, 2017 at 10:32AM Though the holiday season may be officially over, Motley Fool co-founder David Gardner believes these stocking stuffers are still worthwhile purchases for the new year and beyond. In this episode of Rule Breaker Investing, we look at gifts that truly keep on giving: shares of high-quality companies that even your kids will appreciate. So while it may be too late to put these under the tree (which now sits on the curb awaiting disposal), they do make for wonderful new year's resolutions. A transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 7, 2016. David Gardner: Welcome back to Rule Breaker Investing. Happy December. Arguably one of the top months of every year -- arguably. For me I think it is. And I came across this Jason Moser tweet. Jason Moser, of course, who you know from podcast fame in The Motley Fool and an analyst here at The Motley Fool. And I retweeted this because I loved it. It was on December 3 and Jason went with: Holiday gift idea for your kids: 1. Open custodial online brokerage account. 2. Buy stock. 3. Repeat Step 2 for all future holidays. Love it. He was reacting to a MarketWatch fact. We'll assume this is not fake news. The median working-age American couple only has $5,000 saved for retirement. Presumably you can Google that and look it up on MarketWatch, which is certainly disconcerting now. The good news is that's working age. So often, if you are like a lot of people, you don't really get to start saving in earnest until you get past some tuition and maybe your own student debt, so a lot of us start small. But the good news is if you're a Foolish investor -- if you're patient -- if you're doing a lot of the things I try to coach you to do every week in this podcast [and] across all our Motley Fool podcasts (growing love for stocks, helping the world invest better), I think you can get up way, way above $5,000. But that's a good place to start. And if that's where the average -- well, the median working-age American couple is -- darn it, we'll start from there and go forward. The good news is you have something saved, because a lot of people don't. But why did Jason's tweet jump out at me? Well, because it's something that I've thought a lot about in the past and talked some about. Probably here on our podcast. Definitely at Fool.com. The Motley Fool's been behind this for a long time. And it's the idea that yeah, giving a gift of stock is a great idea. So my theme this week [is] we're going to make some stock picks. I'm going to make some stock picks this week. Five stocks to put under your tree. And I'll get to those in a little bit, but first I just want to talk a little bit about gift giving. I think most of us, most of the time when we think of gifts, we think of something physical. Something tangible. For us as little kids, we loved to see toys. We were less excited, maybe, by invisible things or semi-visible things like, let's say, a check. A check for $25. Often Mom or Dad [would] say, "Oh, it's so great that Gramps gave you $25. We're going to deposit that for you in your account." And if you're seven years old, that doesn't (at least it didn't to me) sound that exciting. We like tangible things. It doesn't necessarily change that much as we become adults. We think in terms of tangible things and that certainly is a worthy gift. One of my favorite tangible things to give every year is board games. I shared with you last week a few that I would recommend if you're looking around for a gift idea this holiday season, but that's category one. However, we had a dad who raised my brother Tom and me to think more about category two, especially as we get a little older. Teenage years. College years. Adult years. And that's experiences. So taking a friend out for lunch. Buying tickets to a play. These kinds of things where years from now you may have already put away the chip dish that you received (the fourth one that you already had), but you'll never forget that time that you spent going to the play with your grandfather. Or taking a surprise trip with your spouse or partner. Experiences. We can give those as gifts. I think they work great because they create memories. So we love category two. But what Jason did is he opened up one of my favorite things -- I'm going with category three -- and that is the gifts that truly keep on giving. And I can't think of a better idea than shares of public companies that you admire. That you want your giftee to enjoy watching grow over the course of time. So [of] these three categories, only one of these categories involves a gift that truly gains in value over time. Now, the holiday season wouldn't be as rich if it didn't have all three categories of gifts, but the first one is obvious to most of us; the second one is a little subtle; the third one is often invisible or not even thought of, and I don't think the world should work that way. So I'm here to suggest that you consider giving a gift of stock. Open up that custodial online brokerage account. You can search our site, Fool.com, to see how to do that. We have discount brokerage partners. You may already have a brokerage account. You can open up a custodial account for a child in your life, and then buy them stock, and put it under the tree, and I've got five ideas for you this week. And my five ideas all conform to a few traits because, after all, if you're going to put these under the tree (I'm aiming this for kids), it needs to have a few things going on. First of all, I think you need to be able to explain to them the company, the stock that you've bought for them. If you haven't already had a little stock market talk with them anyway, you should do that, and I don't care what age they are. The earlier you can start letting kids know that they can become part owners of the companies that make the products and services that they love, the better. So if you've not already had that talk, have that talk before that day underneath the tree so there's some context. But then, for each of the five companies I'm going to present you with, I think they're very explainable to kids, and I think that's important. Also, I think each of these companies has a little bit of magic associated with it. It kind of fits with the anticipation of the morning of December 25, at least in my household. Each of these companies does something that feels special. There's a little bit of Santa running through each of the ticker symbols and the companies behind them that I'm sharing with you this week. I think that's important, as well, for putting stock underneath the tree. So we're not going to have any insurance companies this week. We're not going to have any semiconductor companies this week. Those might be great stocks, and I've talked about them in the year past. By the way, this is the 76th weekly podcast for Rule Breaker Investing, so I've been working with you for more than a year now. We've talked about those kinds of companies -- we will in the future -- but these are stocks we're putting underneath the tree. And the final thing I'll mention is none of these stocks is named "Disney". And that's because I think you should already have given children in your life shares of Disney because, of course, it conforms to everything that I think makes for the classically good stock gift that grows in value over time and helps teach a child how business works, how life works and, indeed, that you can be a part owner of things you love. And often that's one of the best ways to profit. So I still have my elves working on this list of stocks, but I have to do a little housekeeping before we get to it. First of all, let me just mention that if you're new to our podcast, you can subscribe to Rule Breaker Investing on iTunes, or Spotify, or your favorite subscription service for podcasts, and that means we'll pop up every week on your phone. In your life. We'd love it if you'd do that. I would especially appreciate a gift from you this week. I'd love for you to review this podcast. Throw me some stars, as I've been saying in recent weeks. Give us a review. Let us know how we're doing. That would be a wonderful gift (category two) that you could do for us. The better reviews we get, the more people find out about Motley Fool podcasts, the more the world begins to invest. Now, again, before I present this list, let me mention two things about my lists. This is probably the eighth or ninth list that I've done of stock picks on this show. I tend to do it once every couple of months, and two things happen when I do this. One, I like to give a time frame. So the time frame, of course, for this week's picks is going to be five-plus years. After all, we want your kids to grow up with these companies, so this is a five-plus years. And the second thing that I do is I type these into Motley Fool CAPS. So if you go to CAPS.Fool.com, my screen name is TMFSpiffyPop. You can find me, there. I hope you already have in the past. And I will have picked these stocks, so you can see me hold myself accountable using our CAPS platform. You can see whether we beat the market with this list, as badly as we seem to have already beaten the market with a few of the lists we've already reviewed. So it's always fun to check back in over time. That's one thing that I think is so important to do -- score yourself and learn -- so I always do that with my stock picks and these will be no exception. And by the way. I should mention at the top of each person's scorecard on CAPS it shows their most recent picks. You're only going to see one from this week's show that shows up on the top of my list. That's because I already have the other four as active picks. But I will be -- for the one that I don't -- featuring it right at the top of my scorecard with a fresh pick made this week. All right. Stock number one this week. These are going to be alphabetical. This ticker symbol starts with two As. Do you know where I'm headed? I bet you do. Apple. So for each of the stocks I'm going to present this week, I'm going to mention three things you can talk about with your kids as they unwrap and find out what they've just gotten from you under the tree. And I think the first thing you want to do, if and when you give Apple shares to a child, is you want to show them the logo. You might even want to quiz them and say, "Hey, honey. What does this mean?" And I bet, at least if you have any iPhones, iPads, or any Apple gear kicking around your house, your child of any age will probably know pretty quickly. And that's a good lesson right there, because the logo and the brand is a critical item for me when I think about what I want to be invested in for years. Apple has, by many accounts, the number one most-recognized brand in the world, and that, itself, is a short and simple lesson to talk about under the tree: the best-known brand in the world. You can point out, "Hey, honey, you just knew this at the age of six. Well, it's actually the best-known one in the world and I just gave you some shares of that company." Number two. This company focuses (think about this) on making as many people worldwide as comfortable as possible using technology. That's the way -- one way, anyway -- I think about Apple. And just think about that. This is, I believe, the number one most valuable stock company in the world among public companies. At least, as of this podcast, it's tripping the gauge at $612 billion. By the way, for those keeping score at home, that's about $75 billion more than Alphabet, which comes in at number two, at least in the universe that I follow. So just think about that. The company that is the most valuable in the world. How have they done that? In an age of increasing technological sophistication, this company has tried to make it as convenient, as accessible as possible. It just works. A great lesson. And number three. And this one is from my producer, Rick Engdahl, an Engdahl special, and I love this point, Rick. Apple, for so many people, inspires them toward creativity. Certainly so many creative class professionals use and have always used, for decades, Apple gear. But whether it's taking pictures, and cropping pictures, and flipping them around, and coloring them, and sending them to friends, or really shooting a movie, a commercial movie [and] everything in between, Apple truly has harnessed and unleashed, for a few decades, probably more creativity visually than any company in the world. Although maybe the people at LucasArts might argue box office numbers, it's been truly remarkable, and each of those three points is worthy of talking about underneath the tree. All right. Stock number two, staying alphabetical as I mentioned (by ticker symbol, though). This is another "A," and I think Amazon.com would make an outstanding gift for kids over the next 30-plus years. And here's the little talk we're going to have about Amazon. First of all, I think we're going to have a Santa Claus talk. Now, everybody listening to this podcast knows that Santa Claus is real. I think it's worth pointing out, though, that Santa is probably busier than at any point in history. After all, there are now seven-plus billion human beings on the planet. That's way more than have ever been around before. And if you think about the amount of work that Santa has to do on that one special night of every year, you can see that he could use some help. And my sources suggest that he's sometimes outsourcing these days, a little bit, to this particular company, Amazon.com. I certainly have benefited a lot from the deliveries that I have gotten from Amazon supplementing the work that Santa does, and I've enjoyed using Amazon to give some gifts, as well. I think that increasingly Amazon is making a lot of the holiday season possible for many, many people worldwide. So you have an opportunity to talk a little bit about Santa maybe outsourcing, a little bit, to this company. And if you had to ask of all the companies worldwide which one might Santa be partnered with, I think this one would come, at least first, to my mind. Point number two. I think it's worth letting kids know that if you do something really, really well, the world is going to want more from you. So you know the story of Amazon. I do, too. It started off just by selling books online, and this is about 20 years ago. So now, 20 years later, Amazon sells so many different things online. And the reason that Amazon has been able to expand its business to become the largest e-commerce portal in the world is because the company focused on you and me, first. Jeff Bezos, the CEO, his vision was always for Amazon to be "the most customer-centric company in the world." And whether you would agree that he's achieved that or not (and I personally do agree with him), but whether you agree with that or not, they're making an awfully good stab at it and the world has asked more and more of that company. And so I think it's a great lesson for kids: that if you do something really well, people are going to want you to do more. And you have an opportunity if you're an entrepreneur to grow -- or just as a person to grow -- as you do more and more for more people. Amazon is a tremendous 20-year success story demonstration of that point. And then number three for kids [is] I think it's just worth talking a little bit about the name. I always enjoy etymologies of words, anyway; or thinking about names and why are things named that way. And I think it was clear to me, anyway, from early on that Jeff Bezos could have named his site something like Books.com or BooksMusicVideos.com or something like that; but the truth is from day one he called it Amazon. And if you think about that great, big river, and you think about all of the commerce that flows through Amazon today; and you think about his decision not to give it a very obvious dot-com name, but really a name that would stand on its own. A beautiful name that has the letters A to Z, if you've ever looked at the logo (at least the older-school logo had a little arrow pointing from the A to the Z) they've got everything covered. I think you have an opportunity to talk some about names. And maybe this could get into a talk with a child about how you selected his or her name, or one of their middle names, and a little bit of etymology or family history, there. Stock number three, and we're staying with the As. Yes, I did start. I sorted my Supernova universe (the 200-plus companies that I follow) from A to Z. I just started at the top. And I had already found my third one before I even got to the letter B. There might be a little bit of... What would that be, Rick? Alphabet-centrism? Some bias toward the A's and not the Z's present in this week's podcast? Perhaps, so. Number three is Activision Blizzard. Now, depending on who your child is and what age he or she is, maybe there already is some Activision Blizzard underneath the tree this year. For example, Skylanders. Lots of younger kids are into that game, and you might have some gear or the games in the Skylander universe. That's Activision Blizzard. Hearthstone for an older child or maybe like me -- an older adult -- a wonderful game. Call of Duty for teenagers and up. The classic first-person shooter. Or how about for the whole world at large (as Activision Blizzard has now reached 1 billion customers), Candy Crush Saga. That reaches lots and lots of people. So conversation number one is about how you can be buying the company as well as the product that you love. And probably it doesn't take looking too far for a child to see these names and brands and realize who they are and what this company's about. I think conversation number two for Activision Blizzard -- well, it's in the name right there -- how companies combine, because Activision and Blizzard were separate companies. In fact, it was December of 2007 when Activision, with its present CEO, Bobby Kotick, announced that the company and its assets would merge with fellow games developer and publisher of Vivendi Games, the French company. Vivendi owned Blizzard Entertainment at the time. Later this company got spun off and went independent as its own entity, Activision Blizzard. But Activision brought over the Call of Duty series. It brought Guitar Hero. It brought Tony Hawk, if you remember those video games, or Skylanders, as I mentioned. And that merged with Blizzard some of the brands that I love, like Diablo and Hearthstone. StarCraft. Warcraft. And those companies came together to form Activision Blizzard. So I think you have a little bit of a conversation, there, about mergers and things that sometimes work or often don't work (if you think of AOL/Time Warner). Or maybe in your own professional life, you have a viewpoint about whether mergers are good or bad. In this case, I think it's worked out really wonderfully well over the last year, adding King Digital, which is not in the Activision Blizzard name, but has added a lot with Candy Crush Saga. So that's conversation number two on this one. And then conversation number three for Activision Blizzard -- let's talk a little bit about sizing. I like simple numbers. I like simple math. Fifth-grade math. That's how I like to keep my investing. And I've always talked about market cap, a lot, on Rule Breaker Investing. It's a quick way to size up the value of different things in the world. So the market cap -- just a quick reminder -- is nothing more than the share price of the company multiplied by the number of shares of that company. And when you do that math, you end up with the total value of that company. Now I'm not adjusting for enterprise value. I'm not adding in debt or subtracting it. But for the purposes that we're talking about now -- just big, simple numbers -- it's the price tag if you wanted to buy the company. And I often liken it to walking down the aisle at Wal-Mart, let's say, and there are price tags and everything. And you can kind of see the relative sizing and differences in pricing, one product to another. I think that's great to be able to do with the stock market. Ironically, and perhaps sadly, I think a lot of times people do that looking at the share price, itself, and they'll see one stock at $117 a share, and another stock at $17 a share, and they'll think that the one that's $117 is much bigger than the one at $17 and those things have nothing to do with each other. The function of a price per share is simply how many shares exist at that price, and when you multiply them together, you get market cap. So maybe too much math to talk about under the tree, here. Maybe too much excitement about what the next gift is. Maybe this is an opportunity on boxing day, the day after, to discuss this with a child. Here's some market caps real quick. How about the two companies we just covered? Apple -- Apple tips the scales at about $610 billion and Amazon.com about $350 billion. So Apple almost twice the size of Amazon. Activision Blizzard, our third company, is at about $27 billion. In other words, less than one-tenth of Amazon and less than one-twentieth of Apple. I think it's great, not just for kids, but for adults to recognize the relative sizing, because when I ask myself which stock is more likely to go up five or 10 times in value over the next five to 10 years, usually I look at the smaller market caps, just because it's really hard to take a $600 billion market (Apple's), and even see that double. Certainly not overnight, but anytime soon. Now, Apple has a lot built into it. It pays a dividend these days and there's a lot more stability in a massive company like that, and it's a great gift to put under the tree for a child, but it's good to have a sense of the different sizes of these companies. Now, company number four (speaking of sizing), we're going back to massive because let's face it. Stocks that you're putting under the tree are probably going to be well-known companies. Big brands. Big consumer-focused companies. And Facebook, stock number four, ticker symbol (FB), of course, is one of those. And I think the first conversation you want to have about Facebook -- besides the market cap, which I'll mention, which is $331 billion [David said "million" at 00:22:20], so just a little bit smaller than Amazon, these days -- is the frequency of use of a product or service. Now, I personally am not on Facebook. I am @DavidGFool on Twitter. I know many of you are active on Facebook. We have a great Motley Fool Podcast group. We just had our thousandth joiner of the Motley Fool Podcast group on Facebook. I know many, many people use Facebook for a lot of hours, and that's conversation number one. Perhaps you, or your spouse or partner, uses Facebook a lot. Perhaps your child, even if quite young, has precociously noticed that you might be spending too much time on Facebook. I think it's a great opportunity to mention the value of products or services that we are using every day. That might go for what you're stocking in your refrigerator, or what you're tapping into online. Facebook is a tremendous example of this, and even if you're not on it, I bet you can point out Uncle Larry, and make a joke about Uncle Larry who spends too much time on Facebook. We all know people who are using Facebook, and that's an important point for kids. So the frequency of use of a product or service. One of the classic lines from the Gillette CEO of yore was "I love waking up, every day, because I know everyone's beard has grown a little bit more overnight, and they have to use my product," with their razor and blades business model. Kind of a cliché example, but these are the companies, often, that we should be not just using ourselves, but owning shares ourselves, and I think it's a great example of stocks to give to kids. So that's number one. Conversation number two about Facebook is the "how they make money" conversation. I think often it's very evident to kids, if they have a Skylanders video game, how the company makes money. You buy the product, the company takes in the money. Facebook, though, a little subtler. In fact, Facebook had a lot of skeptics on Wall Street that this company could ever really make that much money just as, in one era beforehand, Google. The biggest question about Google, as it prepared to go public, is how are these guys actually going to make money? And so I think the important lesson, here, is that this company makes money with a free product for the most part, and I think most kids can probably get this. Depending on their familiarity with Facebook, or their age, maybe they won't. But, of course, Facebook primarily makes money the same way Google does, through advertising dollars. So we are freely using services like Google and Facebook -- and through the advertising relationships that they have spanning the Earth with advertisers who know a lot about you and me, and therefore they can pitch the right products to you or me -- that's a good lesson for kids to know. And so in contrast to my previous three stocks (our other three stocks under the tree, so far), those companies all clearly sell products. This one doesn't. "So son, daughter, how do you think they make money?" And then number three, and the final conversation about Facebook (I think it's kind of related to the previous point), but not just products cost money. Something else also costs money. Time is money, friend, and that's really good to make sure kids understand, as well. So while, on the face of it, Facebook is completely free (there's an opportunity to moralize a little bit, here, if you like to moralize, sometimes, about social media) the amount of time that you or I [are] spending on Facebook, or in my case playing board games, or whatever it is that you're sinking lots of time into; that time comes at a very subtle and sometimes very great cost. So being more cost conscious, specifically in the area of time. That thing that seems to not be green or gold -- that didn't seem to have hard currency associated with it -- I think it's a really great point to get across not just to kids, but like a lot of things I'm saying this week, to adults, as well. OK. That leaves us with our fifth and final company. A little bit of magic. A little bit of Santa to unwrap underneath the tree. This company certainly fulfills that for me, personally. Perhaps for you, too. Number five is Netflix. Netflix, by the way, has a market cap... I'll pause for a sec. Let you throw out a number as you're driving your car or jogging right now. What do you think Netflix's market cap is? By the way, if you're within 20%, you can score yourself a star. All right, you got it? All right. The answer is $52 billion. So if you were anywhere from $40-60 [billion], you're good. If not, you need to go back to market cap school. OK. So Netflix -- I think conversation number one with kids about Netflix is the way the company started out, which is, "You know, son, daughter. Back before we had streaming..." And by the way, Netflix has such a popular offering for kids shows in streaming today. A lot of kids growing up these days with Netflix. Watching [the] kids Saturday morning shows basically on Netflix, commercial free, when, at least my recollection of my Saturday mornings as a kid is that there were a ton of commercials mixed into all of the cartoons. So the first conversation is how Netflix started, which is that it took, before streaming, back when we rented DVDs or even VHS tapes (back before then), it took late fees out of the equation. So you can point out to your child, who will not even understand the concept, presumably, of having to go down to a store and pick up a VHS tape, and then make sure you return it by Thursday, [or] otherwise you're going to start racking up late fees (which I did consistently as an irresponsible, young adult), they took that out of the equation altogether and that made people happy. And that's a really important point about entrepreneurism (the type that succeeds, anyway, out in the marketplace), which is you're generally going to win when you make people happy. And when you change the game to make people happy -- when you change how people rent videos, as Netflix has done more than once, now, through different evolutions -- there's a lot of value to be created. So that's point number one. Change the game and make people happy. I think conversation number two, for kids about Netflix, is maybe a lesson, a talk about mistakes. Because it wasn't so long ago that Netflix went through a death-defying drop. The year was 2011. The stock had hit a recent high of $45 a share -- this is all in post-split terms, so $45 a share in modern-day parlance -- and it dropped in one year (less than one year) from $45 to $10. And a lot of us will remember that as the time of the Qwikster fiasco, a decision made by Reed Hastings, himself, to split streaming from DVD. To split your queue, if you were keeping one, as I did. My queue always numbers more than 100 things on Netflix. I will die never watching hundreds of things that I had on Netflix. The whole customer experience was disrupted. Consumers didn't like it, the marketplace didn't like it, Wall Street didn't like it, and Netflix stock cratered, based on some bad decisions, $45 a share to $10 a share. Today, you can point out to your son or daughter the stock is more like $120. It's up 12x since those really tough lows. I think there's a great lesson about being willing to take risks, which is what Hastings did back then. About failing, which is going to be what happens, sometimes, when you take risks. But I think the lesson is ... Do you remember this? One of my USA core values -- five core values that I see in our country -- one of them is the word "resilience." You know, the great line ... I used this a lot with my kids growing up. Maybe not under the tree, but "winners are losers who didn't quit." Or the old Vince Lombardi line, "It's not whether you get knocked down. It's whether you got back up." I think that's really an important conversation. Netflix is a great example as your son or daughter opens this up underneath the tree this month. And the final conversation -- I think I've already foreshadowed it -- but I think you can talk about those kids shows. The offering that Netflix has for kids is tremendous. It's a big competitive advantage in this age of everybody trying to have the next Game of Thrones (thinking about very expensive series aimed at adults), and Netflix has a bunch of those. We tend to forget the large number of us who are below the age of 18 and think about what offerings you want to pay ($8-10 a month) in order to bring that into your household advertising free. So I think, for me, it's a reminder for kids (and I'm going to close with this), that finding products and services that you really like is a great way to find a stock that you should buy. My brother Tom and I spoke at the Alexandria, Virginia Chamber of Commerce this morning as I tape here on Tuesday, December 6. It was good to see our local brethren at the AVA Chamber of Commerce. Shout out to any new listeners this week from Alexandria. But we had an opportunity to tell, again, that brief story, that iconic story that we have of how we started investing, which is that our dad would take us into the Safeway in Washington, DC, where we grew up, and he'd say, "Hey, kids, look. Chocolate pudding. We own some of the company that makes that chocolate pudding. Let's go get more chocolate pudding." Made him a great dad. A very popular dad. But the lesson that he was giving us we remember to this day, and I'm sharing it out here, this week, on Rule Breaker Investing and it's that life is like chocolate pudding. There's a lot of great stuff out there and beyond just the pudding, itself, you can be a part owner of the company that makes the chocolate pudding in your life and in your child's life. And that's why I think you should start wrapping up some stocks underneath the tree. All right. So as we close, you can check out past episodes of [Rule Breaker Investing] and all the Motley Fool podcasts at our podcast center. Just go to Podcasts.Fool.com and while you're there you can check out our flagship service and that's Motley Fool Stock Advisor. A new issue of Motley Fool Stock Advisor comes out the third Friday of the month with two new stock recommendations from me and my brother Tom Gardner. You can check it out by going to the podcast center and scroll to the bottom of the page. That's Podcasts.Fool.com. And that brings me to next week. Next week I'm going to launch a tribute to one of my favorite living investment greats, so it's a month of gratitude and gifts. I'm going to send a love letter out to one of my favorite investors of our time on next week's show. I hope you'll join me. In the meantime, happy shopping and Fool on! As always, people on this program may have interest in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. Learn more about Rule Breaker Investing at RBI.Fool.com. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. David Gardner owns shares of Activision Blizzard, Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, Facebook, Netflix, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Activision Blizzard, Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, Facebook, Netflix, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author David Gardner (TMFSpiffyPop) Article Info Jan 8, 2017 at 10:32AM Consumer Goods Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Will Coca-Cola Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Will 2017 Be Philip Morris International, Inc.'s Best Year Yet? 3 Reasons Altria Group Inc. Stock Could Fall Is the Gun Boom Over? FBI Data Snaps 19-Month Record Streak Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 5 Gifts That Just Keep on Giving #stocks
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Opening First Retail Store In Samsung’s Territory By Adnan Farooqui on 01/08/2017 07:48 PST If one can make an argument about Apple being one of the most influential companies in the United States then Samsung is something else entirely in its home country of South Korea. It’s one of the few family-owned conglomerates in the country that has a vast business empire and incredible influence and respect. This is why it’s a significant move from Apple to decide to open an official retail store in Samsung’s territory. There were rumors that Apple was thinking about opening a new retail store in South Korea, close to where Samsung HQ is located in Seoul, and the company officially confirmed that a couple of days back. “We’re now hiring the team that will offer our customers in Seoul the service, education and entertainment that is loved by Apple customers around the world,” Apple confirmed to Reuters. Apple’s website now lists 14 new job openings in South Korea for positions like Genius Bar staff and store leader. Apple has taken a lot of time to make a decision about opening an official retail store in its main rival’s country. Customers in South Korea have had to deal with certified Apple reseller stores for now and would surely want the proper retail experience that Apple is known for. Local media reports suggest that Apple’s first official retail store is going to be opened in a 6,000 square-foot building in Seoul’s high-end Gangnam district. The store is expected to open its doors to customers by November this year. Filed in Apple. Read more about Samsung. Related Articles 2017-01-12 Samsung To Focus More On Wearables Than Robots 2017-01-12 Leaked Galaxy S8 Case Features 3.5mm Headphone Jack 2017-01-12 Android 7.0 Nougat OTA Rolling Out To Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge 2017-01-12 Galaxy X Foldable Smartphone Now Rumored For 2018 Launch 2017-01-11 Alleged Samsung Galaxy S8 Render Surfaces Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's rumored 10.5" iPad Model set for 2017 Could Represent their New High-End Model | Main | Foxconn / Sharp Plan to Manufacture OLED Displays at an iPhone Plant in China » January 08, 2017 Tomorrow Marks the Tenth Anniversary of Steve Jobs Introducing the Revolutionary iPhone   Without a doubt, Steve Jobs' finest professional moment and finest keynote was delivered in 2007 when he introduced the revolutionary iPhone to the world. The iPhone eventually catapulted Apple to being the top tech company on the planet and by doing so, defeated his long-time rival Microsoft. What a day, what a time; an event that will never be forgotten by anyone who witnessed it on the morning of January 9, 2007.   Steve Jobs: "This is a day I've been looking forward to for two and a half years. Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that … changes everything. And Apple has been … well first of all, one's very fortunate if you get to just work on one of these in your career. Apple's been very fortunate. It's been able to introduce a few of these into the world. In 1984 we introduced the Macintosh. It didn't just change Apple; it changed the whole computer industry.   In 2001 we introduced the first iPod. And, it just didn't change the way we all listen to music – it changed the entire music industry.   Well, today, we're introducing three revolutionary products of this class. The first one is a wide screen iPod with touch controls. The second: is a revolutionary mobile phone. And the third: is a breakthrough internet communications device.   So three things: a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device. An iPod … a phone … and an internet communicator. An iPod, a phone … are you getting it? These are not three separate devices. This is one device! And we are calling it: iPhone. Today, Apple is going to reinvent the phone. " And reinvent the phone they did.   On January 9, 2007, Apple caused a sensation when Steve Jobs unveiled the iPhone at the Moscone Convention Center in San Francisco. This fully touchscreen and connected mobile phone brought about the dawn of the smartphone age, as this new kind of device quickly became an everyday essential. The full keynote presentation is noted below.     Apple's first iPhone sent shockwaves through the tech world with its 3.5-inch touchscreen (320 × 480 pixels) with multitouch technology, its 2-Megapixel onboard camera and its 16GB built-in memory. As well as rocking Edge, WiFi and Bluetooth connectivity, the device also came loaded with its own highly intuitive operating system, initially called "iPhone OS," and with access to a host of handy applications (the Safari web browser, an email app, weather, Google Maps, YouTube, etc.).   Later this year Apple will introduce a special anniversary iPhone with a new design form factor that supports an all-new OLED display and many other features that could once again set sales records worldwide. Many fans have put off buying the iPhone 7 so as to not miss out on this anniversary model.   It's so hard to believe that in the blink of an eye a decade has flown by and that we won't being seeing the late Steve Jobs introducing their new anniversary model later this year. I remember the day vividly when Steve introduced the iPhone and it was such a special moment in time. The energy in the auditorium that day was absolutely crackling. The buzz of seeing Apple's first smartphone being unveiled was electrifying. Were you one of the lucky ones to have witnessed that historic event? If so, tell us what you were thinking as it unfolded in our comment section below.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on January 08, 2017 at 08:31 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts The Danger of Samsung Tanking Korea's Economy if their Chief Goes to Jail Weighs Heavily on Special Prosecution A New Patent Troll Lawsuit Claims that Apple's 'Messages' App Infringes their Acquired Patent from Voice Express Jimmy Iovine Confirms that Apple is creating an Entire Pop Cultural Experience for Apple Music Apple Releases Four TV Ads for AirPods Covering Notes, Siri, Pairing and Strolling A Next-Gen Smartphone Designed by Ex-Apple and Google Engineers will Launch Later this Year An Apple Pencil Patent describes a 3D Antenna and Magnet for Attaching to External Objects Apple Rumored to be Advancing the Anniversary iPhone's Water Resistance Feature to a Higher Level Samsung & Foxconn Jointly Invest in Israeli firm Core Photonics Possibly Delaying a Dual Lens Camera for Galaxy S8 It's a Long Shot, but TSMC wouldn't rule out Opening a U.S. Plant to Support U.S. Customers like Apple and Qualcomm Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's Latest TV Ad Promotes the Effortless ability of Snapping Photos with the Bokeh Effect in 'Portrait Mode' | Main | Tomorrow Marks the Tenth Anniversary of Steve Jobs Introducing the Revolutionary iPhone » January 08, 2017 Apple's rumored 10.5" iPad Model set for 2017 Could Represent their New High-End Model   Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo is one of the most quoted analysts for predicting future Apple products or features. Kuo was briefly a Digitimes analyst and one analysis on his predictions record by Philip Elmer-DeWitt, scored his accuracy at about 44%. The Cult of Mac also did a report on Kuo that was favorable. Yet however you view Kuo's predictions, he continues to barrel ahead with bold preditions and his latest one has come to light today.   A new report today quotes Kuo stating that "We note the 12.9" model will be the second generation of the existing 12.9" iPad Pro, the 10-10.5" model will be the high-end model equipped with a narrow bezel design, and the 9.7" model will be the low-priced option. The former two models will have an A10X chip manufactured by TSMC (2330 TT, NT$183.5, N), while the latter comes with an A9 chip made by Samsung LSI. Although we estimate iPad shipments in 2017 will drop again YoY to 35-37mn units, we except the decline to narrow to 10% from 2016's roughly 20%, given that the 10-10.5" model may see more demand from commercial/enterprises and tender markets, while the low-priced 9.7" model may have a greater shipment contribution and likely account for 50-60% of total shipments of new iPads." You could read more about this here.   In November Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple to Introduce an All-New 10.5" iPad in Q1 2017 Mainly Aimed at Education and Enterprise Sectors." Late last month a spokeswoman for TSMC stated that their new 10nm chips that will power Apple's new iPad's are "totally on track" for Q1 2017. When Apple will officially launch their new iPad lineup is still unknown.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on January 08, 2017 at 07:28 AM | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts The Danger of Samsung Tanking Korea's Economy if their Chief Goes to Jail Weighs Heavily on Special Prosecution A New Patent Troll Lawsuit Claims that Apple's 'Messages' App Infringes their Acquired Patent from Voice Express Jimmy Iovine Confirms that Apple is creating an Entire Pop Cultural Experience for Apple Music Apple Releases Four TV Ads for AirPods Covering Notes, Siri, Pairing and Strolling A Next-Gen Smartphone Designed by Ex-Apple and Google Engineers will Launch Later this Year An Apple Pencil Patent describes a 3D Antenna and Magnet for Attaching to External Objects Apple Rumored to be Advancing the Anniversary iPhone's Water Resistance Feature to a Higher Level Samsung & Foxconn Jointly Invest in Israeli firm Core Photonics Possibly Delaying a Dual Lens Camera for Galaxy S8 It's a Long Shot, but TSMC wouldn't rule out Opening a U.S. Plant to Support U.S. Customers like Apple and Qualcomm Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Samsung Gear smartwatches iPhone compatible with release of new apps – SlashGear Posted on January 8, 2017 by SlashGear Is 2017 going to be the year that Apple and Samsung finally start playing nice together? Apple is opening its first retail store in Samsung’s home of South Korea, and now Samsung’s Gear line of wearables have their own iOS apps. Ok, so maybe playing … Samsung Gear S App Finally Launched For iOS DevicesUbergizmo Samsung makes good on promise to bring Gear S2, S3, Fit 2 smartwatch compatibility to iOSAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Samsung Gear S3 UPDATE – new app FINALLY brings this vital featureExpress.co.uk The Verge -International Business Times UK -CNET -Tech Times all 27 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 11:49 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets 10 years of the iPhone in 10 groundbreaking models Sunday January 8, 2017 11:27 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste The Edit: Kim Kardashian reportedly details Paris robbery Catching up with squash queen Nicol David, minus the fanfare The Edit: Reese Witherspoon on why Hollywood must change for women Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The five colours of the iPhone 5C are seen after Apple Inc’s media event in Cupertino, California in this file picture taken on September 10, 2013. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, Jan 8 — From the first ever iPhone, unveiled by Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007, to the very latest iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, presented in September 2016, here’s a look back at some of the main changes brought to Apple’s star smartphone, which counts more than one billion handset sales worldwide. iPhone 2G (2007) The first ever iPhone, also known as the “iPhone 2G,” broke new ground with its 3.5-inch (8.8cm) fully touch-sensitive screen, onboard camera, multimedia player, “iPhone OS” operating system, and Edge and WiFi support for connecting to the internet as well as making calls and sending text messages. It revolutionised the mobile phone market and was crowned “Innovation of the Year” by Time magazine. iPhone 3G (2008) The following year, an eagerly awaited 3G version of the iPhone arrived, offering users a faster mobile internet connection for surfing the web or downloading apps when out and about. This model was also the first to get a built-in GPS. iPhone 4 (2010) Rocking a brand new design, the iPhone 4 was the first model to get Apple’s Retina display (with a resolution of more than 300 pixels per inch) and a second front-facing camera for FaceTime. It also got a gyroscope, a particularly effective addition for mobile gaming. Note too that the iPhone 4 marked Apple’s switch to the micro-SIM format. iPhone 4s (2011) The main new features in this important update to the iPhone 4 were the virtual intelligent assistant, called Siri, and a new 8-Megapixel photo and video camera compatible with HD (1080p) video. In terms of sales, it proved a considerable hit with consumers. iPhone 5 (2012) This 2012 iPhone shook things up again, landing with a new 4-inch format and gaining support for LTE (4G) networks. It also brought the addition of the brand new Lightning connector and saw Apple switch to the nano-SIM format. Plus, the iPhone 5 was the first model to ship with Apple’s EarPods headphones. iPhone 5c (2013) Presented as an entry-level handset, the iPhone 5c was, in fact, an iPhone 5 with a more rounded design and a new brightly coloured plastic casing (five colours available). On the inside, it came with the same specs as its predecessor. iPhone 5s (2013) Released alongside the iPhone 5c, the iPhone 5s saw the arrival of Apple’s Touch ID fingerprint sensor to the device’s “Home” button for unlocking the phone and making payments with no need to enter passcodes. Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President at Apple Inc, speaks about the iPhone 6 (foreground) and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Centre in Cupertino, California, September 10, 2014. — Reuters piciPhone 6 Plus (2014) The iPhone grew once again with the appearance of the iPhone 6 Plus and its record-breaking 5.5-inch design. This new model also came loaded with NFC, notably for use with the Apple Pay function. The iPhone 6 Plus got a Retina HD (1080p) display and an optical image stabilisation system. iPhone SE (2016) This nifty “low-cost” iPhone (which nevertheless starts at US$399) was designed as a replacement for the iPhone 5s with several features from the iPhone 6s and takes the form of a 4-inch smartphone. iPhone 7 (2016) Apple caused a sensation in September 2016 with the iPhone 7, ditching the traditional headphones mini-jack in favour of a single Lightning connector used for charging the phone and for connecting compatible headphones. The iPhone 7 comes with memory up to 256GB and is splash- water- and dust-resistant — a first for Apple. — AFP-Relaxnews A customer buys the new iPhone 7 smartphone inside an Apple Inc store in Los Angeles, California September 17, 2016. ― Reuters pic                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Samsung will confirm battery was main cause of Note 7 fires, source claims Samsung to disclose Note 7 probe results on Jan 23 E-waste rising dangerously in Asia, UN study shows Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany Nintendo takes big gamble with Switch’s split personality (VIDEO) As labour force shrinks, China turns to robots WhatsApp vulnerable to snooping, report says Nintendo’s Switch to go on sale March 3 for US$300 (VIDEO) Bionic woman: Chinese robot turns on the charm Get the pink coins! Teens react to ‘Super Mario Run’ (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Tesla taps Apple engineer for self-driving Autopilot software KPDNKK rampas iPhone, iPad tiruan lebih RM350,000 Three new iPads rumoured to be releasing this spring HMD Global launches first Nokia smartphone Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Donald Trump angers China with Taiwan comments The post-holiday blues: Why they’re actually good for you Australian Open 2017: Everything you need to know ‘Income bank’: one way out of the Centrelink debacle News Election 2016 State National ACT New South Wales Northern Territory Queensland South Australia World Advisor Good News People Entertainment Arts Books Celebrity Movies Music Stage Style TV Life Auto Eat & Drink Escape Home Relationships Tech Trading Places 2015 Trading Places 2016 Travel Wellbeing Money Finance News Federal Budget Property Retirement Small Business Your Super Work Your Budget Sport AFL Athletics Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Football Golf Hockey MMA Motorsport Netball Racing Rugby League Sport Focus Tennis Union Other Sports Weather Puzzles Crosswords Sudoku Trivia Now reading: The secret history of the iPhone, codename ‘Purple’ Subscribe News Election 2016 State National World Advisor Good News People Bill Shorten says discussion needed about federal ICAC, not just expenses Sydney Harbour Tunnel closed due to power failure Hanson ‘gifted’ tickets to Trump’s inauguration Mother pleads guilty to killing her three children Kim Kardashian West’s leaked police statement reveals new details Entertainment Arts Books Celebrity Movies Music Stage Style TV ‘Greatest Show on Earth’ to close forever Shannon Noll arrested over strip club assault Triple J Hottest 100: Computer geek predicts the 2016 countdown Nicole Kidman clarifies comments over Trump ‘support’ Stripping off: Why voyeuristic SBS show Undressed fails to titillate Life Auto Eat & Drink Escape Home Relationships Tech Trading Places 2015 Trading Places 2016 Travel Wellbeing Record organ donor numbers save more lives than ever The post-holiday blues: Why they’re actually good for you Daring design requests bring dream spaces to life Nintendo reveals new details on Switch launch date, games and price First prawns, now oyster prices expected to go up Money Finance News Federal Budget Property Retirement Small Business Your Super Work Your Budget Not-for-profit super model proves itself worldwide: ISA HESTA ups investment team fire power 2017 might not be doom and gloom: economic experts Insurance in super is vital but having duplicate policies can cost you Super changes to knock SMSFs from their perch Sport AFL Athletics Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Football Golf Hockey MMA Motorsport Netball Racing Rugby League Sport Focus Tennis Union Other Sports Bangladesh cricketer in hospital after bouncer hit Jockey stood down after blocking other riders to help girlfriend win Pakistan beat Australia, level ODI series Australian Open 2017: Everything you need to know Martina Hingis backing Daria Gavrilova for Open success Weather Puzzles Trivia Crosswords Sudoku Life Tech The secret history of the iPhone, codename ‘Purple’ 11:30pm, Jan 8, 2017 Updated: 11:44pm, Jan 8 The secret history of the iPhone, codename ‘Purple’ Steve Jobs had a very big secret. Photo: Getty Jackson Stiles Money Editor @JacksonStiles Share Tweet Share Reddit Pin EmailComment The iPhone, credited with redefining the mobile phone and helping make Apple one of the most valuable companies in the world along the way, marks its 10th anniversary on Monday. Since it was first unveiled in 2007, the company has gone on to sell more than one billion units. Apple has introduced 11 new generations of the iPhone, drastically redesigning the device on several occasions, including the release of the first five inch version in 2014. The phone also sparked the creation of the App Store, which launched in 2008 and has since been at the heart of the creation of a large number of hugely successful mobile app businesses, including the likes of Angry Birds, Uber and Deliveroo. It very nearly didn’t get off the ground. How it all started On a stage in San Francisco, Steve Jobs, a balding tech genius in a black turtleneck and blue jeans, holds up a shiny black device and tells the world that ‘Apple Inc’, his newly renamed company, is about to “reinvent the phone”. Related Coverage How Apple makes us buy iPhones we don’t need Microsoft launches massive assault on Apple We compare Google Pixel to iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7 “Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes the world,” he tells the spellbound audience at the company’s annual MacWorld expo on January 9, 2007. It is a bold gamble, perhaps even a lie. The prototype Jobs holds up to the cameras barely works. His entire demonstration is a carefully planned sham: a game of smoke and mirrors. If anyone in the audience gets their hands on it, the device is more likely to freeze or randomly restart than work properly. For this reason, no one but Jobs is allowed to touch it. “The most advanced phones are called smartphones, so they say. And they typically combine a phone plus some email capability plus they say it’s the internet, sort of the ‘baby’ internet, in one device,” Jobs says. “The problem is they’re not so smart and they’re not so easy to use.” The truth is, neither is the iPhone he is holding – one of less than 100 prototypes in existence. No one but Steve Jobs was allowed to touch the iPhone prototype that day in 2007, for fear its shoddiness would be discovered. Photo: Getty For weeks, his team maps out a careful order of tasks they are reasonably certain the phone can handle. They call it the “golden path”. If Jobs does anything to the phone not on this list, or if he changes the order in any way, the device may crash, embarrassing him on the world stage. But if it works, Jobs may convince the tech industry, and a wider body of consumers, that Apple Inc really can deliver “an iPod, a phone and an internet communicator” all in one. The gamble pays off. These secrets are divulged in Battle of the Titans: How the Fight to the Death Between Apple and Google is Transforming our Lives, a 2013 book by tech journalist Fred Vogelstein. The first model of the Apple iPhone on display on January 9, 2007 in San Francisco. Photo: Getty “The software in the iPhone’s Wi-Fi radio was so unstable that [software engineer Andy] Grignon and his team ultimately soldered antenna wires to the demo phones and ran them offstage along the wires to the projection setup. The iPhone would still connect wirelessly to the network, but the signal wouldn’t have to travel as far. Even then, Grignon and his team needed to make sure no one in the audience could get on the frequency they were using,” Vogelstein writes. “There was even less they could do to make sure the phone call Jobs planned to make from the stage went through. All Grignon and his team could do was make sure the signal was good and pray. They had AT&T bring in a portable cell tower so they knew reception would be strong. Then, with Jobs’ support, they preprogrammed the phone’s display to always show five bars of signal strength regardless of the true signal. The chances of the radio’s crashing during the few minutes that Jobs would use it to make a call were small, but the chances of it crashing at some point during the ninety-minute presentation were high.” Apple launches the iPhone in June that year, with many (but not all) of the bugs ironed out. The first iteration comes in two models: the 4GB or 8GB. They are initially only available through Cingular Wireless, a subsidiary of AT&T, then the biggest telco in the US. Years later, in 2013, a team of researchers from the United Arab Emirates publish a paper that theorises there have been three great ages of the smartphone. The first age is when smartphones are only for business people, with email, fax, camera and limited internet, and no more. The defining moment of the second age, so says the paper, is the advent of the iPhone, when portable computing is suddenly opened up to the masses. Greg Christie, then a senior software engineer at Apple, has also revealed in recent years that the phone had a codename, and that Jobs jealously guarded its secrets. Scott Forstall, a senior member of Apple’s software team, reportedly approaches Christie in late 2004 to ask if he wants to work on a secret project called ‘Purple’. He agrees and joins a “shockingly small” team. iPhones have become big business – users queue for hours outside Apple stores when a new product is released. Photo: Getty For several months, Christie meets Jobs twice a month in a windowless room on the second floor of Apple’s headquarters in Cuppertino, California. Only a handful of employees have access to the room, and cleaners are not allowed in. Security is tight. Jobs reportedly demands that employees working on ‘Purple’ at home must use a computer in a secluded part of the house to prevent anyone seeing details. All digital images are to be encrypted. Such has been the success of the iPhone that as an individual business the revenue generated by the phone alone exceeds that of some of its rivals, including Microsoft and Google. Increasing pressure from competitors — some would even say outright plagiarism — has eroded its market share. Sales of the iPhone drop for the first time in its history in 2016. But its moment in history cannot be erased. Comments View Comments Watch The News in 90 Seconds View Full Video Get The New Daily free every morning Coming up next... CES 2017: The coolest tech creations coming your way Find your dream job here what job title, keywords or company where city, state/territory or postcode jobs by CES 2017: The coolest tech creations coming your way Today's Stories The secret history of the iPhone, codename ‘Purple’ Donald Trump angers China with Taiwan comments The post-holiday blues: Why they’re actually good for you Australian Open 2017: Everything you need to know ‘Income bank’: one way out of the Centrelink debacle NZ man who sailed to Australia with six-year-old daughter charged Shannon Noll arrested over strip club assault Martina Hingis backing Daria Gavrilova for Open success Stripping off: Why voyeuristic SBS show Undressed fails to titillate Triple J Hottest 100: Computer geek predicts the 2016 countdown Subscribe Subscribe for free to The New Daily and every morning you’ll receive an email linking you to our top stories and breaking news. Submit Follow The New Daily Contact Advertise Terms of Use Security Privacy The New Daily Code of Conduct Copyright © 2017 The New Daily. All rights reserved. Subscribe Subscribe for free to The New Daily and every morning you’ll receive an email linking you to our top stories and breaking news. First Name Required Last Name Required Email Required/Invalid Email Gender GenderMaleFemale Required Postcode Required I have read and accept the terms and conditions Submit
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Tim Cook Pay Cut As Apple Misses Performance Targets By Adnan Farooqui on 01/08/2017 07:28 PST CEOs of big companies often have their remuneration tied to the company’s performance. This gives them more incentive to work hard and push the company to meet its goals so that they can earn more money, it’s a simple formula but it has proven to be quite effective. Apple CEO Tim Cook has a similar arrangement with the Cupertino company and a recent regulatory filing shows that Tim Cook’s pay was cut last year as Apple was unable to meet its performance goals. Apple’s recent SEC filing shows that CEO Tim Cook was paid $8.75 million in total compensation for 2016. His annual salary was actually increased by $1 million but his total compensation for the year was trimmed. Cook received a total of $10.28 million from Apple in 2015. Apple executives earned close to 89.5 percent of their targeted annual incentives. This was to be expected since Apple missed both its revenue and profit goals for 2016. Apple’s annual sales were down by almost four percent last year, against a target of $223.6 billion it was able to bring in $215.6 billion. Apple’s operating income was down 0.5 percent from its $60 billion target. “Overall, our 2016 performance with respect to net sales and operating income was 7.7 percent and 15.7 percent below our record-breaking 2015 levels,” Apple further detailed in the SEC filing, adding that “However, the 2016 payouts to our named executive officers were significantly less than the annual cash incentive payouts for 2015, reflecting strong pay-for-performance alignment.” Filed in Apple. Read more about tim cook. Related Articles 2016-10-19 Bill Gates And Tim Cook Were Considered As Potential VPs For Hillary Clinton 2016-08-21 Barbra Streisand Called Tim Cook To Get Siri To Say Her Name Properly 2016-08-16 Apple Building R&D Center In China 2016-02-22 Tim Cook: Apple Is Only 'Exploring' Cars 2016-02-10 Tim Cook's Account Banning Trolls On Twitter Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     Apple Watch 3 Release Date Leaked Posted: Jan 8 2017, 9:23am CST | by Ahmed Humayun, Updated: Jan 8 2017, 11:43pm CST, in Rumors | Apple     Apple has planned to release its updated Apple Watch in the third quarter of this year. The watch will feature improved battery life as well as other great functionalities. This news has been given by the Economic Daily News who has claimed to obtain the information from unnamed sources within the supply chain. Don't Miss: NES Classic Alternatives are Cheaper The new update is most likely to be called Apple Watch Series 3. It is said to be assembled by Taiwan based Quanta. The report also claims that Apple is eager to improve the battery life of this watch. Quanta will have all the time to get the batteries as Apple wants them. The current status of Apple watches give a good battery life. This improvement may hint an increased power requirement due to an upgrade of the CPU. Quanta has not given any comment and has termed all this information as market speculation. This battery improvement is certainly a good idea but users are hoping it is related to an improved CPU which will consequently increase the watch’s responsiveness. In addition there have been rumors of an inclusion of a cellular radio in this watch.   Via DigiTimes Comments The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 11 hours ago, 9:51am CST iOS Makes Apple $1 trillion in Revenues 3 days ago, 7:57am CST Apple Has Released Statement Over Consumer Reports MacBook Pro Battery Tests 4 days ago, 11:19am CST Apple’s MacBook Saves A Man’s Life in Lauderdale Airport Shooting 4 days ago, 10:44am CST Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 11 hours ago, 9:43am CST Wearable Sensors can Tell When you’re Getting Sick 12 hours ago, 8:14am CST New Technology can Diagnose Diseases using Cell Phone Photos 14 hours ago, 6:48am CST Sulphuric Acid Clouds caused Darkness, cold, killing Dinosaurs 17 hours ago, 3:51am CST Why Uber is bullish on Carpooling, Ride-sharing in India 17 hours ago, 3:41am CST Top Science Stories This Week 18 hours ago, 2:50am CST Instagram Maybe Promoting Hookah Use: Study 22 hours ago, 10:14pm CST Featured News $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now Pre-order of Nintendo Switch Starts Friday at Nintendo Store   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 New Gibbon Species is Named after Star Wars’ Luke Skywalker Apple iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 11 hours ago, 9:51am CST iOS Makes Apple $1 trillion in Revenues 3 days ago, 7:57am CST Apple Has Released Statement Over Consumer Reports MacBook Pro Battery Tests 4 days ago, 11:19am CST More Apple Stories Latest News Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     Finder For AirPods Will Facilitate You In Finding The Lost AirPods Posted: Jan 8 2017, 8:54am CST | by Ahmed Humayun, in News | Apple     A new app called ‘Finder For AirPods’ has been released and it helps you locate your lost AirPods. Apple is very enthusiastic and goes out of the way by using its technological and engineering advances to create its products in a small package. However these changes come with tradeoffs and acceptances which do not lead to an ideal situation. Don't Miss: Exclusive Video Reports from the CES 2017 Show Floor Apple has aimed the AirPod line to be tiny and light weight but this design may cause them to be lost with relative ease. However a new iPhone app has been developed called Finder For AirPods which will be a great assistant in finding the lost AirPods. The app cannot be marked as a precision perfect tracking app though. The AirPods do not have a GPS system in them so they cannot be found through the My iPhone app. In an ideal situation that would have been the best possible situation. Nevertheless we still happen to have Bluetooth which can track signal strength. This consequently changes the process of finding the lost AirPods in to a hot or cold game. Instead of giving precise accuracy the app makes use of Bluetooth signal strength which will give the user an idea if they are getting close to the lost ear pieces. The interface also gives a choice to allow the user to choose which earpiece has been lost. Thus the available piece of kit has to be placed in to the charging kit. The user should be using an iOS device which has previously paired with the lost Apple AirPods. Like many other apps this app came in to existence because the developer lost his own AirPod earpiece. We cannot claim this to be a fool proof method of locating the lost AirPods as it may be possible that some environmental and building factors may come in between the Bluetooth connection and give out false information. Those of you who want to avoid paying a $60 replacement fee this app is a good option. Download the App Here. Comments The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 11 hours ago, 9:51am CST iOS Makes Apple $1 trillion in Revenues 3 days ago, 7:57am CST Apple Has Released Statement Over Consumer Reports MacBook Pro Battery Tests 4 days ago, 11:19am CST Apple’s MacBook Saves A Man’s Life in Lauderdale Airport Shooting 4 days ago, 10:44am CST Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 11 hours ago, 9:43am CST Wearable Sensors can Tell When you’re Getting Sick 12 hours ago, 8:14am CST New Technology can Diagnose Diseases using Cell Phone Photos 14 hours ago, 6:48am CST Sulphuric Acid Clouds caused Darkness, cold, killing Dinosaurs 17 hours ago, 3:51am CST Why Uber is bullish on Carpooling, Ride-sharing in India 17 hours ago, 3:41am CST Top Science Stories This Week 18 hours ago, 2:50am CST Instagram Maybe Promoting Hookah Use: Study 22 hours ago, 10:14pm CST Featured News $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now Pre-order of Nintendo Switch Starts Friday at Nintendo Store   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 New Gibbon Species is Named after Star Wars’ Luke Skywalker Apple iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 11 hours ago, 9:51am CST iOS Makes Apple $1 trillion in Revenues 3 days ago, 7:57am CST Apple Has Released Statement Over Consumer Reports MacBook Pro Battery Tests 4 days ago, 11:19am CST More Apple Stories Latest News Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Turn an Old iPad Into the Ultimate Kid’s Tablet Everything You Need to Know About Using HomeGroups in Windows What’s New in Windows 10’s Creators Update, Arriving Spring 2017 How to Repair Windows Bootloader Problems (If Your Computer Won’t Start) Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek The Best iTunes Alternatives for macOS iTunes is hot mess. Bloated and ponderous, iTunes continues Apple’s ongoing trend of having lost its design mojo. But fear not: there are some pretty good iTunes alternatives for macOS Sierra. RELATED ARTICLE The Biggest Design Mistakes Apple Has Made in the Past Two Years Our requirements for replacing iTunes are fairly simple: a replacement needs to be easy to use and painlessly play our music, and it should include a media library for organizing everything. The applications we’re going to discuss today all meet these basic requirements—some do so minimally while others are packed with more features. All however, let you put your music first. Here then are ten standout replacements for Apple’s media behemoth. Clementine: Tons of Features for Any Power User Clementine is a full-featured, cross-platform, open source music application that plays audio CDs, MP3, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, and more. It can be set up to search and play music from your local library or content you’ve uploaded to your cloud storage like Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive, and Box. It also features support for a number of Internet radio streaming services including Spotify, SoundCloud, and Grooveshark. In other words: it is a power user’s music player. It has robust tagging tools, album cover artwork, an equalizer, visualizations, lyrics, and podcast support. Creating and curating playlists is particularly emphasized, with options to add not only files and folders, but internet streams as well. It will even work with your music player like iPhone, iPod, and other mass storage devices, easily letting you transcode and transfer your music files. Of all the iTunes replacements on this list, Clementine might be the most feature-rich right out of the box. You can see a full list of its features here, and it is indeed impressive, but these features never interfere with Clementine’s one critical focus: your music. And that’s how it should be. VOX: The Little Player that Can Do Everything Vox is one of those iTunes replacements that finds its way onto many lists, and with good reason. By all appearances, Vox seems simple enough—with its mini interface almost reminiscent of Napster-era Winamp—but it’s really packed with scads of features. Tops among these is the ability to import your iTunes and personal library, and integration with SoundCloud and YouTube. For a $10 in-app purchase, you can even get access to over 30,000 Internet radio stations (no, that’s not a misprint). If that’s not enough to pull you in, Vox also includes an equalizer, gapless playback, Sonos and Airplay support, as well as the option to download playback control extensions, so you can use Vox with your Apple EarBuds, create playback shortcuts, or your Apple TV Remote. Vox is free to download and use (apart from the radio feature), though it will remind you frequently to try its LOOP Music Cloud Storage, which gives you unlimited storage meaning you can upload as many files as you want, giving you access to your music wherever you go. LOOP isn’t cheap, however, particularly when compared to other cloud storage services. Nightingale: Simple and Customizable with Tons of Plugins Nightingale is another open-source iTunes alternative that’s actually a little reminiscent of older versions of iTunes, available for Windows, Mac, and Linux. Nightingale’s appeal lies in its simplicity. It excels at the basics: playing your music and organizing it into a library complete with artwork, tag editing, and…well, that’s about it. Oh, and it will also play video files, but simple is the name of the game here. Nightingale plays the most essential audio file formats: MP3, AAC, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, Apple Lossless, and WMA. One of its more unique features is its built-in web browser, which means if you want to listen to something else for a while—say, Pandora—you can do so without ever leaving your main music app. If Nightingale’s stark simplicity isn’t your cup of tea, you can really make it sing with its voluminous add-ons, which let you extend the application and turn it into virtually whatever you desire, including skinning options known as “feathers”, equalizers, file ratings, tagging tools, playlist extensions, and much more. Just don’t be surprised if you get carried away with how many powerful features you can add to it! Quod Libet: Organize and Play Your Music the Way You Want If you thought NIghtingale was basic, wait until you get a load of Quod Libet. Carrying on the trend of cross-platform, open source music applications, Quod Libet—which means “whatever you wish” in Latin—will likely appeal to many who prefer its simple, plain, spartan interface, which emphasizes the “Just Play Music” mentality that many iTunes converts crave. There’s not a whole lot going on with Quod Libet on the surface, which is a good thing. It’s feature set is pretty routine, including album covers, lyrics, automatic tagging, and multiple file format support (MP3, Ogg, FLAC, AAC, etc.). Rounding things out are multimedia key support, truly powerful tag editing, and a whole bunch of plugins that extend the application into virtually whatever you require. Beneath its humble appearance, however, lies the heart of a truly powerful music application. The software is highly customizable and scalable with the ability to handle large libraries numbering in the tens of thousands. It supports multiple ways of interacting with your music such as through playlists, by album list, or by album collections. It also features built-in Soundcloud integration, podcast support, and perhaps one of the most extensive gatherings of Internet radio stations out all the applications on the list. Finally, Quod Libet places a lot of emphasis on letting you organize your music your way, and regular expressions make searching your collection this application’s most outstanding feature. You should definitely read up on all the ways you can search through your music, because it is truly impressive. Tomahawk: Combine Streaming and Social Services Into One Program Tomahawk is a little different from the other music players on this list. It is a sleek, fast, open-source application that not only plays your tunes with no fuss, but also has features not found on other players, including: Support for streaming services like YouTube, Jamendo, and Bandcamp. Subscription services like Spotify, Rhapsody, and Tidal Cloud streaming options including Amazon Music, Google Play Music, and OwnCloud. The ability to plug into social connections like Jabber and Hatchet. Chart support for Billboard, iTunes, Metacritic, and more. The emphasis of Tomahawk is the social aspect, and as such, you can create your own custom stations, listen to what your friends are playing, drop and share songs, and even check your Inbox to see what people have shared with you. Finally, you can install any number of plugins that will let you further extend its functionality and power. There’s almost too much to explain and yet, Tomahawk still manages to observe that Cardinal Rule of music players: thou shalt not interfere with one’s enjoyment of thy tunes. Swinsian: A No-Nonsense Music Player with Tons of Features Swinsian is an Old English word meaning “To make a (pleasing) sound, make melody or music.” Swinsian (named after an Old English word meaning “To make a (pleasing) sound, make melody or music”) is a lightweight iTunes replacement. It can import your iTunes library, add watched folders for automatic importing of new tracks, and let you subscribe to podcasts. Swinsian will play MP3, FLAC, WMA, Ogg Vorbis, and others. It will also allow you to connect your music playing devices like iPhone and iPad for easy file transcoding and transfers. Another standout feature is automatic sample rate switching, which means Swinsian will give you the highest quality playback from your music files. Much of Swinsian’s appeal, however, lies in its music library organization skills, which includes powerful features such as duplicate file finder, auto dead file delete, and global find and replace for your music tags. The library includes multiple views such as art grid, columns, track inspector, and a separate playlist window. It will also autocomplete tags and download cover art. Swinsian is a deceptively powerful but simple Mac-only music player for $19.95. Fidelia: An Old-School Vibe with Lots of Sound Tweaks Fidelia pays homage to hi-fi audio systems of the past with a sleek, shiny interface that resembles an old school premium head unit. It looks pretty and will display track details, audio waveforms, stereo levels, and has four size options including a mini player. It takes that premium hi-fi theme one logical step further by offering powerful Audio Unit effects such as equalizers, compressors, and something called the CanOpener headphone modeler, which basically means your headphones will sound more like loudspeakers. You can apply up to three of these effects to your music playback at a time. Fidelia will play all the usual file formats including MP3, AIFF, WAV, AAC, Apple Lossless, and also Ogg Vorbis and FLAC. It includes some extra goodies to round it out including a playlist window, music library that will import your iTunes library, and AirPlay support. Fidelia isn’t cheap ($29.99), but if you’re really into the interface and the idea of Fidelia’s effects, then you can try Fidelia for free. VLC: The Simple, Jack-of-all-Trades Media Player Last, though definitely not least, is the venerable VLC, which besides playing pretty much every file format in existence, is also a surprisingly capable iTunes replacement. Chances are you already have VLC installed on your Mac for playing video files not supported by other apps. But while VLC is fairly simple and no-nonsense, it can do more than just play the odd video or audio file. Aside from being able to organize your music library, you can also create playlists, download cover art, and edit tags. It’s not the fanciest, most feature-packed app of the bunch, but what VLC lacks in bells and whistles, it makes up with glorious simplicity. If you’re still not sold, consider that you can also extend VLC’s functionality with add-ons, including playlist parsers, a song teacher (an extension that teaches you lyrics), music rating, and others Finally, VLC has a few streaming radio options and podcast support. It may be a little basic, but it will do the job and if you’re just looking for something simple and free, VLC is an excellent option. Once there was a day when iTunes on the Mac was the only game in town, and finding a suitable replacement was nearly impossible. Those days are long gone, and in fact, the ten music players represented here are but a definitive sample of the growing number of music players for Mac. Still, what we’ve talked about today are among the best. They’re all robust, capable, and easy to use. Thus, if you’re looking to ditch iTunes for something with a lot less baggage, give one these ten options a shot. You and your music will be glad you did. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (3 REPLIES) January 8, 2017 Working with iTunes is a NIGHTMARE, and I dread it every time I need to make changes, or even worse, when I HAVE to! Dealing with audiobooks certainly puts me to the test in terms of anger management. Dreadful, just dreadful! iTunes is a neccessary evil as far as I'm concerned. iTunes tries to do essentially everything and ends up being capable of doing virtually nothing. Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Matt Klein is an aspiring Florida beach bum, displaced honorary Texan, and died-in-wool Ohio State Buckeye, who fancies himself a nerd-of-all-trades. His favorite topics might include operating systems, BBQ, roller skating, and trying to figure out how to explain quantum computers. Published 01/8/17 DID YOU KNOW? The giant Gippsland earthworm of Australia can grow nearly 10 feet long and weigh about half a pound; they’re so large you can find them simply by listening for the audible gurgling or sucking sound they make when burrowing. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs 12 of the Biggest PC Myths That Just Won’t Die 32 New Keyboard Shortcuts in Windows 10 How to Get Rid of the Modern Environment on a Windows 8 PC How to Enable System Restore (and Repair System Problems) on Windows 10 What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? Nest vs. Ecobee3 vs. Honeywell Lyric: Which Smart Thermostat Should You Buy? How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools How to Encrypt Your Mac’s System Drive, Removable Devices, and Individual Files Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Home News Companies Mobile Gadgets Opinion Cyber Security Multimedia Fin24 Tech Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 2017-01-08 16:43 Post a comment 0 share: RELATED ARTICLES Pokemon Go lands on Apple Watch Apple loses court case over refurbished phone Samsung prevails over Apple in R5.5bn patent appeal Las Vegas - The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone, introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007, set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone's focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. "Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. "Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity." Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting "infotainment" systems that synch with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. "The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone's daily life," Blau said. Altered landscape The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystalised, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. "It's pretty remarkable what it did," Maxwell said of the iPhone. "We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it." Putting the internet in people's pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialise and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. "It turned the industry on its head," Maxwell said at CES. "It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape." The iPhone powered Apple's money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market. Missed targets Apple chief executive Tim Cook and other top executives saw their compensation for 2016 cut because internal income targets were missed, according to a filing Friday with US regulators. "The two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels," Apple said in the filing. "These results were below the target performance goals." READ: Apple shares fall amid lower iPhone prices Apple reported net sales of $215.6 billion for the fiscal year, with an operating income of $60 billion, the filing indicated. Cook's pay will tally $8.75 million as compared with $10.3 million in 2015. His base pay jumped to $3 million from $2 million. Apple's profit in the quarter ending September 24 slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered optimism on company efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. Apple is to release performance figures for the recently ended quarter on January 31. Apple has been working to make more money from services and apps. The iPhone maker said its App Store had its busiest single day ever on New Year's Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season for the online shop. READ: Apple to slash SA app store prices  Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion from software creations tailored for Apple devices, according to the company. Meanwhile, eyes are on Apple for its next "big thing" in the face of worry that the company lost its innovative mojo with the passing of Jobs in 2011. Rumours of projects in the works include a self-driving car. READ: Apple reveals autonomous vehicle ambitions  "I think they will have a next big thing," analyst Blau said. "But the future of the company will rely on smaller innovation. And there is nothing wrong with that kind of a business."Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Read more about: apple inc  |  las vegas  |  iphone share: More In This Category Hail Uber, book restaurants through Google Maps Prosecutors delay decision on arrest warrant for Samsung’s Lee WhatsApp vulnerable to 'backdoor' spying - report MTN 'gives away' 50GB and 10 000 minutes every month Most Popular Read WhatsApp vulnerable to 'backdoor' spying - report MTN 'gives away' 50GB and 10 000 minutes every month Hail Uber, book restaurants through Google Maps Will Apple's next iPhone be borderless? Prosecutors delay decision on arrest warrant for Samsung’s Lee Contact us   |   About Us   |   Terms & Conditions NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |    
10 years of the iPhone in 11 groundbreaking models | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Donald Trump Conservative leadership U-Haul home Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement 10 years of the iPhone in 11 groundbreaking models The iPhone 6 was released at the Eaton Centre in Toronto, on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Hannah Yoon / THE CANADIAN PRESS) Relaxnews Published Sunday, January 8, 2017 8:37AM EST Last Updated Sunday, January 8, 2017 2:46PM EST From the first ever iPhone, unveiled by Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007, to the very latest iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, presented in September 2016, here's a look back at some of the main changes brought to Apple's star smartphone, which counts more than one billion handset sales worldwide. Note: This is not an exhaustive list of every iPhone ever made, but a rundown of the most significant developments in the brand's history. iPhone 2G (2007) The first ever iPhone, also known as the "iPhone 2G," broke new ground with its 3.5-inch fully touch-sensitive screen, onboard camera, multimedia player, "iPhone OS" operating system, and Edge and WiFi support for connecting to the internet as well as making calls and sending text messages. It revolutionized the mobile phone market and was crowned "Innovation of the Year" by Time magazine. iPhone 3G (2008) The following year, an eagerly awaited 3G version of the iPhone arrived, offering users a faster mobile internet connection for surfing the web or downloading apps when out and about. This model was also the first to get a built-in GPS. iPhone 3GS (2009) Apple launched the first of its "S," or "Speed" versions of its phones in 2009, with the introduction of the iPhone 3GS. The 3GS included a more powerful camera, a faster processor, twice the RAM speed and faster network connectivity. iPhone 4 (2010) Rocking a brand new design, the iPhone 4 was the first model to get Apple's Retina display (with a resolution of more than 300 pixels per inch) and a second front-facing camera for FaceTime. It also got a gyroscope, a particularly effective addition for mobile gaming. Note too that the iPhone 4 marked Apple's switch to the micro-SIM format. iPhone 4s (2011) The main new features in this important update to the iPhone 4 were the virtual intelligent assistant, called Siri, and a new 8-Megapixel photo and video camera compatible with HD (1080p) video. In terms of sales, it proved a considerable hit with consumers. iPhone 5 (2012) This 2012 iPhone shook things up again, landing with a new 4-inch format and gaining support for LTE (4G) networks. It also brought the addition of the brand new Lightning connector and saw Apple switch to the nano-SIM format. Plus, the iPhone 5 was the first model to ship with Apple's EarPods headphones. iPhone 5c (2013) Presented as an entry-level handset, the iPhone 5c was, in fact, an iPhone 5 with a more rounded design and a new brightly colored plastic casing (five colors available). On the inside, it came with the same specs as its predecessor. iPhone 5s (2013) Released alongside the iPhone 5c, the iPhone 5s saw the arrival of Apple's Touch ID fingerprint sensor to the device's "Home" button for unlocking the phone and making payments with no need to enter passcodes. iPhone 6 Plus (2014) The iPhone grew once again with the appearance of the iPhone 6 Plus and its record-breaking 5.5-inch design. This new model also came loaded with NFC, notably for use with the Apple Pay function. The iPhone 6 Plus got a Retina HD (1080p) display and an optical image stabilization system. iPhone SE (2016) This nifty "low-cost" iPhone (which nevertheless starts at $399) was designed as a replacement for the iPhone 5s with several features from the iPhone 6s and takes the form of a 4-inch smartphone. iPhone 7 (2016) Apple caused a sensation in September 2016 with the iPhone 7, ditching the traditional headphones mini-jack in favor of a single Lightning connector used for charging the phone and for connecting compatible headphones. The iPhone 7 comes with memory up to 256GB and is splash- water- and dust-resistant -- a first for Apple. Related Stories 10 years ago, Steve Jobs presented Apple's first iPhone Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News: Spreading kindness for Becca Air Date: January 14, 2017 false CTV QP: Countdown to Trump's inauguration Air Date: January 15, 2017 false CTV QP: 'Surprised' if no attempt had been made Air Date: January 15, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More News from Sci-Tech Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida The bald and the bold: Eagles' resurgence comes at a price Temporary blackout on Facebook business pages, users report Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Does Trump make PM Trudeau the 'last progressive standing'? CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Senate seats for sale? O'Leary says he'd consider it 1 2 Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend 3 3 Vancouver man turns U-Haul storage locker into home 1 4 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia 6 5 Canada will face border tariffs if U.S. workers undermined: Trump spokesman 1 6 Foreigners likely tried to influence Canada’s election: ex-CSIS head 1 7 Former pro biker uses SIRI to call 911 after sudden paralysis 1 8 Iran says Trump 'cannot abandon' nuclear deal 9 A young ex-president, Obama poised for a busy retirement 10 Duterte orders troops to blast militants and their hostages Don't Miss false This Week in Space: SpaceX's success, glimpse at black holes false Becca told me to: Meet the cancer patient inspiring kindness false Changing the game: Canada's Hayley Wickenheiser to retire You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Talks between Nova Scotia and teachers union resume under media blackout Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving 'It's a tinderbox': Assaults soar at 'stark, severe' throwback jail in N.L. WORLD Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Thousands attend Sanders health care rally in Michigan In Trump, man elected by Americans is president they'll get ENTERTAINMENT 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop Prince Charles co-authors a book on climate change The last 'Greatest Show on Earth': Are circuses doomed? HEALTH Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say Superheroes could magnify aggressive behaviours in children: study #BeccaToldMeTo: Teen battling terminal cancer inspires acts of kindness POLITICS Ukraine seeks 'clarity' from Canada on continuation of military mission O'Leary shows off his French lessons, promises proficiency by 2019 Reconciliation more than land acknowledgments, Aboriginal groups say SCI-TECH Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study BUSINESS Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds' economic adviser Listening to populists like Trump is important, Davos forum chief says U.K. will adapt if barred from EU market, treasury chief says AUTOS F1 great Stirling Moss, 87, in hospital with chest infection Rolls-Royce sets a record for bespoke commissions Driver caught on radar at 110 km/h over limit in Halton Hills. Ont.: police SPORTS Golf scores: Justin Thomas made a 15-foot birdie putt on the final hole on the PGA Tour Storm beats McIlroy on 3rd playoff hole to win SA Open NBA scores: Devin Booker scores career-high 39 points to beat San Antonio Spurs 108-105 Lifestyle What are the odds? Mom, dad, son all share a birthday 'More savoury than fruity': Volcanic wines are the hot new wine trend Toronto brings design to the streets with TO DO festival CTV News on the Go false Midday Minute: Tanker off N.S. removed; Brazil prison riots Grounded tanker freed from Nova Scotia coast Central U.S. hit with second day of ice storms In Pictures   Skygazers treated to full moon, pink skies over B.C. North American International Auto Show Golden Globes red carpet fashion Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for December 5, 2014 Mark Zuckerberg describes Tim Cook’s views on ad-supported businesses as “ridiculous,” suggests Apple products over-priced Ben Lovejoy - Dec. 5th 2014 7:19 am PT @benlovejoy AAPL Company Tim Cook Google Apple Inc Facebook Comments (112) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In an interview with TIME, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has described Tim Cook’s comments on ad-supported businesses as “ridiculous,” and suggested that Apple’s products are over-priced. Zuckerberg was referring to comments Cook made back in September about Apple’s approach to security and privacy, when Cook said: A few years ago, users of Internet services began to realize that when an online service is free, you’re not the customer. You’re the product.  While Cook was taking a shot at Google without specifically naming the company, the comment could apply equally well to Facebook, which has the same need to monetize its subscribers …  Zuckerberg did not share Cook’s reluctance to name names. A frustration I have is that a lot of people increasingly seem to equate an advertising business model with somehow being out of alignment with your customers,” Zuckerberg says. “I think it’s the most ridiculous concept. What, you think because you’re paying Apple that you’re somehow in alignment with them? If you were in alignment with them, then they’d make their products a lot cheaper!” The Facebook chief contrasted Apple’s premium pricing with its desire to be accessible to everyone. Our mission is to connect every person in the world. You don’t do that by having a service people pay for. Tim Cook made his comments on security after the leaked celebrity nudes were attributed to an iCloud hack. Apple responded by advising that the accounts in question were accessed using login credentials obtained from a phishing scam in conjunction with weak security questions, switching on two-factor authentication for iCloud.com and sending email notifications when an iCloud account was accessed on the web. Photo credit: Robert Galbraith/Reuters Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide Tim Cook The CEO of Apple View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. TechPeeve (@TechPeeve) - 2 years ago Reply Zuck is obviously a homophobe! alphabetize1 - 2 years ago Reply I would rather pay for a good service than use a really awful free service. Facebook used to be good but has lost its way now. onefreetrajectory - 2 years ago I would also rather pay for a good service that maintains my privacy and rights to my data. If Google and Facebook offered their services for a fee, that had different terms of service that did ensure my privacy, I would support them where I felt their products were superior or had utility. I would pay .99 a year for Facebook privacy with no adds. As it stands, very little stands between me deactivating my account. So why can’t Facebook and Google have both worlds at the same time? Free services that can, in Mark’s words, “connect the world” and the same services that users pay for that still allow connectivity and where the subscriber funds their use as a customer to ensure their privacy and free users like they have now, where the user is the product? marcelistico (@marcelistico) - 2 years ago Reply Zuck not respond to what Tim says: users are the product services Google and Facebook ?. Obviously: Yes. philboogie - 2 years ago Reply That kid is such a …can’t find the word for it. But he understands nothing about Apple, or good business practises for that matter. The world would be better off without him in it. degraevesofie - 2 years ago Reply I suspect he understands Apple well enough. However, he has his own business model to defend. He’s not wrong when he says “Our mission is to connect every person in the world. You don’t do that by having a service people pay for.” However, Tim Cook is also right about “[…] when an online service is free, you’re not the customer. You’re the product.” However, Zuckerberg is (knowingly, I suspect) wrong when he says: “If you were in alignment with [Apple], then they’d make their products a lot cheaper!”. A company “is in alignment with” me when it provides me products I want under conditions I appreciate: For me, that means a quality product at a price that I can easily justify and yet gives the company sufficient financial security to continue being “in alignment with” me. Apple’s model works just right there. I do use Facebook, but also an ad blocker. I don’t think Facebook is “in alignment with” me if I feel compelled to “fight” their product that way. Eric Downs - 2 years ago Reply You forgot to yell at those damn kids to get off your lawn. Who knows whether or not he “understands” Apple, but to say that the man who created one of the biggest game changers in technology and society in the last 10 years (that is also one of the highest valued companies in the world) does not understand good business practices is simply ignorant. Pull your head out of the ground – you’re not getting enough oxygen. flaviosuave - 2 years ago You seem to be equating “good business practices” with “making a lot of money,” which is myopic and short-sighted. By that measure, drug kingpins have good business practices. Good business practices should and do include things like honesty, transparency, giving back to the community, etc. Mike Knopp (@mknopp) - 2 years ago I am going to reserve judgement of just how business savvy Zuckerberg is for a few more years. I don’t know how many of you have kids, but I do, and they do not use Facebook. Facebook is the “old people’s” technology. That is not a good place for a social media company to be. How intelligent the purchase of Whatsapp ends up being is also up in the air. At this time I don’t see any plans to monetize it, and depending upon how they try can determine how quickly people jump ship. sircheese69 - 2 years ago I’m sure Zuck really cares that you are going to reserve your opinion on how he runs a billion dollar business. When you run your own billion dollar business, then maybe your opinion may actually be worth something, as it stands, it’s worth nothing. lowtolerance - 2 years ago Oh, please. Facebook one of the biggest game changers in technology? By what metric? It’s a freaking web service. Rich Davis (@RichDavis9) - 2 years ago “Highest valued companies in the world”????? I think you meant to say one of the Highest OVER-Valued companies in the world which trades at a P/E of over 70. Albert Davis - 2 years ago IMO, Apple is seriously over-priced. standardpull - 2 years ago Reply The fact is that Facebook makes its money by trafficking in personal data. That said, they are a lot less problematic than Google. Google manages to get their person-tracking code on nearly every website (AdWords, Analytics, DoubleClick, and Google+). Facebook’s dossier building capability is large, but Google is nearly comprehensive. rogifan - 2 years ago Reply So we’re supposed to believe Google and Facebook want to connect every person in the world just out of the goodness of their hearts? Of course not. They make money off eyeballs so it’s in their interest to get as many people on the Internet as possible. It’s not altruism it’s business. As far as Apple products being overpriced, people are willing we paying for them when there are cheaper alternatives then they’re not overpriced.nobody is forced to buy Apple products and nowhere does Apple have a monopoly. slowawake - 2 years ago Reply Google’s free services and advertising are just the tip of the iceberg. Their connections to the state and intelligence departments of government, intelligence/military contracts… There’s more value in knowing everything about everyone than just selling products (or ostensibly “connecting people”) https://wikileaks.org/google-is-not-what-it-seems/ Spencer London White - 2 years ago Reply At least Tim can make a phone that sells… gen0music - 2 years ago Reply *Steve Jobs can make a phone that sells. Love it or loathe it, Tim Cook is an extremely adept pen pusher, not a creative genius. That Awkward Moment (@WowThatAwkward) - 2 years ago I think the appropriate correction would be: *Steve Jobs can make a phone that wows Tim Cook knows how to make and sell phones… Gregory Wright - 2 years ago Ha, still taking shots at Tim Cook. Funny how Steve has been dead two years yet the iPhone lives on. The man who really deserves all the credit for the iPhone is Jony Ives. lowtolerance - 2 years ago *Jonny Ive can make a phone that sells. Steve Jobs was many things, but a creative genius he was not. gen0music - 1 week ago Believe that and you will believe anything. Jonny Ives is a good designer, but that doesn’t make him responsible for much more than the case and art. The logical stuff takes a lot more actual technological knowhow. Ive spends his spare time designing forests; he’s an artist. Abraham Song - 2 years ago Reply While I understand the sentiment, the flip could be: At least Zuck can make reliable web services. That Awkward Moment (@WowThatAwkward) - 2 years ago Reply Two completely separate philosophies: 1- I will pay for my products and yes, I will pay more than the sum of the components cost because I want the company to continue making those products, I want this company to be able to R&D new products. 2- Products should be free and it is up to the company to find a way to make money without the end user’s being affected/bothered. Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago Reply And both philosophies are perfectly legitimate too. Just like nobody is forced to purchase something from Apple, nobody is forced to use Google. Avenged110 - 2 years ago However, it is very difficult to not be tracked by Google across the Internet. r00fus1 - 2 years ago Reply I am going to amend your 2nd option: 2- Products should be free and it is up to the company to find a way to make money without the end user’s *knowing it will cost them* FB and Google services users are trading their privacy and personal data (including personally identifying data) to pay for these services. Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago And Apple use your personal data to allow advertisers to target your demographic with adverts. What’s the difference? iSRS - 2 years ago Reply Why does this come across so angrily? It either hit a nerve or he has an issue that has nothing to do with Cook’s comments. Perhaps we can clarify Cook’s comments? That the PRIMARY customers of the ad based model businesses are the advertisers, while the secondary customers are the product? As far as over-priced, it sickens me that someone in his position propagates that myth. Time and again it has been proven false. That Awkward Moment (@WowThatAwkward) - 2 years ago Reply Zuck is pissed because nobody is willing to pay for what he offers… every attempt by Facebook to get money from users directly has come to nothing Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago Yet they still had a net income of $1.5b in 2013. It’s odd isn’t it. thejuanald - 2 years ago Reply The price of a base model of an Apple product is usually pretty decently priced, but add any component while customizing it, and the price drastically increases beyond that of competitors. That’s fine, though, because lots of people still pay it because they don’t know better, or because they can’t be bothered to know better. dpkonofa (@dpkonofa) - 2 years ago Yes… It definitely can’t be because they do know better and, through experience, have come to find the cost completely reasonable for what they get. dksmidtx - 2 years ago Reply This is one of those rare times when I agree with the “Zuck” – its seems almost childish for folks to expect all of the “freebies” they get from Facebook and Googles host of services without expecting a “marketing cost” – to their data they share with them. Do people really think life is free – that’s why you get CBS for “free” but pay dearly for HBO, etc…. rogifan - 2 years ago Reply That wasn’t Tim Cook’s point. His point is at Apple YOU are not the product. Apple isn’t selling you to anyone. Ad supported businesses are. Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago Have you heard of iAd? It’s Apple’s version of targeted advertising which businesses can sign up to and pay for, so that their adverts can appear on iPad/iPods/iPhones when your in your apps. But your right, Apple isn’t selling you to anyone. Mike Knopp (@mknopp) - 2 years ago Aunty Troll, where is it stated that iAd is target by mining customer data? There is targeted advertising like TV commercials and iAds which target based upon the media that they are shown with (ie they don’t show beer commercials during kid’s cartoons and they don’t show barbie commercials during football games). Then there are “targeted” ads like Facebook and Google. Where if I do a search for comparisons of cordless drills I am inundated on virtually every website with ads for cordless drills, or if I like a post on Facebook mentioning a friend’s trip to Germany I am inundated with ads for trips to Germany. The first type of targeted advertising isn’t any sort of invasion of privacy. The second? Well, that is up to the person to decide. Me, I find it creepy and don’t like it at all. That is why I have stopped using any Google services whenever possible, and I have shutdown my Facebook account. I would rather pay Apple and be the customer. Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago Mike: If you go onto the iAd page, you can specifically see that when someone creates an app which can include adverts which target certain demographics. That information can ONLY come from the information which Apple holds. Ever been recommended apps? That comes from data about your previous habits. Your exactly right – do a search in google for something, and the adverts in Facebook magically appear. Annoying to some people yes but as you say, if folk don’t like it it’s easy enough to prevent. sircheese69 - 2 years ago To people like him, when Apple does it, it’s OK but anyone else, on no! They are eval! Mike Knopp (@mknopp) - 2 years ago Aunty Troll: I am unclear on what you mean by “you can specifically see that when someone creates an app which can include adverts which target certain demographics”. I am curious to know how Apple is targeting their demographic, and would like any information that you are willing to share. I typically avoid ad supported apps and thus don’t see very many iAds. I do realize that Apple tracks which apps I purchase and makes recommendations based upon this. I guess it doesn’t bother me as much since it is only on Apple’s app store and I don’t put any other personal information on the app store. However, if they are sharing that information with their advertisers then that is different. I don’t want to start seeing car ads simply because I download a used car shopping app. Then Apple no better than Facebook or Google. To the sad, pathetic person who lets Apple run their life by forcing them to come to a news site for a product they hate because they can’t get attention anywhere else. Which is even more sad if he isn’t a liar and actually has daughters he should be doting attention on instead of trolling the internet. Never wrestle with a pig. You will both get muddy, but the pig will love it. Go away piggy. Find another place to find attention. gatorguy2 - 2 years ago From Apple’s own iAd page telling advertisers why they’d want to work with Apple: A wealth of insights. Better understand and identify your audience with rich consumer insights available exclusively from Apple. Use any combination of our 400 targeting options to find the people you’re looking for, or create a custom segment to re-engage groups of your own customers. Over 400 targeting options Up to 135 iTunes Store targeting options If Apple didn’t have a wealth of user information to share with advertisers how would they be able to honestly claim they have upwards of 400 distinct and unique categories of Apple users for sale, 135 from iTunes user data alone. sircheese69 - 2 years ago Cry a little more Mike, your little pathetic insults are, well, quite frankly, worthless. What’s truly sad is the need to go on sites and rant about Samsung and how they run their business and letting what Samsung does control your life. As for my daughters, they do get attention, when I am home, but I’ll let you assume you have a clue what happens in my life outside of some blog that you seem hell bent on screaming at the top of your lungs about Samsung, and on an Apple site none the less. Pathetic. Funny how you talk about me needing attention, that’s pathetically ironic. OMG, SAMSUNG IS EVIL!!!!!!!!! WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Grow up loser and enjoy that mud you love so much. Mike Knopp (@mknopp) - 2 years ago GATORGUY2: Well that is troubling. Although, I wonder what information they have or could have. From iTunes the only thing that they could track is what songs, movie, apps, and books I might buy from them. I might have to start looking into it. Although, if Apple is doing it, I am not sure what choices there are left. Are we all at that point simply stuck with the lesser of the evils? Is there any option that doesn’t track and advertise? Does anyone know if Microsoft does this? I would guess so since the own Bing. sircheese: Go away piggy. You will not find validation here. Mike Knopp (@mknopp) - 2 years ago sircheese: I have to apologize about my prior behavior. I was a bit harsh to a person who is obviously as troubled as you are. Although, I do refuse to facility your obviously unhealthy need to seek so much negative attention. The number for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255. Please get some help. Alex (@Metascover) - 2 years ago Reply That was NOT Cook’s point… Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago Reply Mike: Many thanks for your personal insults in response to a perfectly valid comment I made. That’s not how you win a healthy debate I’m afraid. Have I specifically criticised Apple whilst singing the praises of Facebook or Google? No. Have I said that Apple have similar business practices to Google and Facebook? Yes – and I said that because they do. The fact is you know it, and because you are incapable of handling anyone criticising Apple you resorted to mud-slinging. I didn’t. Say’s it all really doesn’t it? Not everyone who loves Apple gear has to bow to their every whim. I don’t, you do, get over it. If you can’t handle a decent conversation about your beloved Apple don’t drag it down to your level. Albert Davis - 2 years ago “The fact is you know it, and because you are incapable of handling anyone criticising Apple you resorted to mud-slinging. I didn’t. Say’s it all really doesn’t it?” Bingo, he is the worst kind of Apple defender, and it’s a shame that this site, and more specifically the type of comment system they use, they can’t ban people. Mike certainly needs to be removed from commenting. Alex (@Metascover) - 2 years ago Reply How can he call that ridiculous? It’s so obvisouly true ! Paul Michael Alves - 2 years ago Reply Zuck is full of it! Google and Facebook have been two of the biggest violators of stealing peoples information, and then trying to push ads on them they think are appropriate, and they never are! Two years ago I made an application with SSDI using google chrome as my browser and the very next day i was pummeled with ads on my facebook page! Facestalker could only have been given that info by Google! and in doing so for the record here, that contained health information and was clearly marked confidential, so Google and Facebook both violated the national HIPPA law in doing so! hmurchison - 2 years ago Reply Zuckerberg is the luckiest guy the planet. He just happened to fall into Facebook. The guy is neither brilliant nor eloquent. If Facebook tried to start charging money for access he’d quickly realize that Cook’s comments were correct and that Facebook fans aren’t that loyal. Zuck….shutup. Take your success and try to stay relevant. Apple’s doing just fine charging a premium. Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago Reply Your exactly right – the guy is the luckiest guy on the planet. He’s also one of the richest. I suspect you and I aren’t. Doesn’t really cut the mustard does it when we are trying to tell him that what he says is garbage. hmurchison - 2 years ago “Doesn’t really cut the mustard does it when we are trying to tell him that what he says is garbage” I have no idea what would “cut the mustard” here. If we’re talking about the proper context of how a company derives their profit then it’s clear. Apple charges appropriate amount for their product to allow them to forgo on extensive data collection. Google gives away a free product to collect data and target advertising. Their relative success does not change the face that both companies have diametrically opposed profit centers. Neither is wrong or right that’s for each individual to decide. Cheers. Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago hmurchison: Listen I have an iPhone and and iMac. I love them – especially the iMac. I also know how much profit margin make on each of those products – and it’s an unbelievable amount and to be honest I don’t begrudge paying it. So much so it has allowed Apple to become the richest tech company on the planet despite not having the biggest market share of everything. Apple may well charge the appropriate amount for their product, but to say that that allows them to forgo extensive data collection is completely wrong. You need an Apple ID to use Apple products don’t you. This Apple ID is linked with your credit card details, home address etc. Now, when you log in to the App Store those Apps are targeted towards you the consumer so that you purchase that App. When you purchase that App, 30% goes directly towards Apple, the rest to the developer. Secondly, some of those apps (especially the free ones), use iAd, which is Apple’s version of Google’s targeted adverts. When those developers create an app they can use iAd to target a specific demographic so that YOU get an advert which is targeted at you by the developer, using data which Apple hold. That is no different to what people who use Google, Gmail or anything else use. Google may well give away a free product for that purpose, but with Apple you actually PAY a premium to have targeted ads. As you say, neither is right or wrong, but to say Apple don’t do it is completely incorrect I’m afraid. Markus (@jokey2k) - 2 years ago Who said 30% go to apple? 25% go to resellers of iTunes Cards…. so only 5% left for apple. Given they have also mastercard/visa charging 2,8%, only 2,2% are actually left to keep all the huge server infrastructure alive… Albert Davis - 2 years ago Apple gets 30 percent on everything, it’s just common knowledge. paulywalnuts23 - 2 years ago Reply I would say he is a hell of a coder…. However, if I remember correctly the Facebook idea came from and probably should belong to a pair of rich twins and their friend. Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago And then the post will descend into an argument about how most good ideas have been stolen – and with the partisan readers of 9to5mac it’s best to stay clear ;) Hasan (@The2ndCityKid) - 2 years ago Reply There was a response that hit it on the head earlier that stated no one is forced to buy Apple. I was not an Apple customer for the longest time, and for better or worse now I am. The biggest reason I feel that people buy Apple products is simply quality and customer service. If a company can be exceptional in those categories then the prices almost don’t matter because I know I’m not only buying a product I’m also buying the peace of mind that if anything were to be faulty or I were to have any issues than I would receive great customer service. Also Apple is not so greatly overpriced as people seem to claim. I know because I used to think that way too, but when you actually look into it you may find that the prices range from a bit higher to a bit lower depending on what you are looking for. Just Need It For Dev (@jamesjones_det) - 2 years ago Reply I think your click batting a bit (or stretching a bit) on both fronts. He is right about one thing, if Apple cared about you they wouldn’t have the highest margin of any PC or mobile device maker (by a large margin). If you got them to put self serving comments aside both would say they have the same idea in mind… make money, they just have different models. Just Need It For Dev (@jamesjones_det) - 2 years ago Reply grrr… should be “you’re”, guess that is what I get for clicking post too soon. degraevesofie - 2 years ago Reply “[…] if Apple cared about you they wouldn’t have the highest margin of any PC or mobile device maker (by a large margin).” That’s a non sequitur, IMO. I don’t expect Apple to care about me “as a family member” or “as a friend”. I do expect them (and any company I deal with) to care for me “as a customer”: Show me respect through the quality of their products and services, including support, practical & unambiguous descriptions of service agreements, etc. Apple is pretty good in that department (not close to perfect though). Facebook isn’t horrible, but they change the terms of agreement a bit too often, and I do feel like I’m the product rather than the customer (but I do like the user-facing service proper too). Just Need It For Dev (@jamesjones_det) - 2 years ago I agree with that. My point was more that they are really doing the same thing with different models. Companies that care about their product will treat the customer right but that doesn’t mean they really care about you per se (which is exactly as you put it). utarasone (@utarasone) - 2 years ago Reply I think Zuckerberg is pointing out that the overwhelming majority of humans on Earth can not afford an Apple product. That doesn’t make Apple wrong for selling only to the more well-to-do (as a world average), but it shows that if you want to bring a product or service to the most people in the world, it has to be affordable to them. The average income for humans all over the world is only $12,000 a year. So that excludes most people from being Apple customers. howardbrittain - 2 years ago Reply Making it an expensive product – not an overpriced one. Duh … herb02135go - 2 years ago Reply Face it: both businesses exploit their customers. Cook is right about the consumer being the product. Zuckerberg is right about Apple’s products being overpriced. All businesses want something from you. howardbrittain - 2 years ago Reply Wrong. An overpriced product does not make you suck up 80% of a sector’s profit. sircheese69 - 2 years ago 80 percent of the smartphone profits going to Apple and you claim it’s not overpriced? SMFH r00fus1 - 2 years ago @sircheese69, Yes, if you understand economics and price demand curves, then Apple’s domination of the industry profits means the iPhone is priced at what users want to pay for it. Otherwise, they’d be forced to lower their price to compete. Clearly that’s not the case. People are willing to pay more for Apple products, and buy them in vast quantities, thus Apple’s massive profit share. giskardian - 2 years ago iPhones are priced at “what users want to pay for it”? LOL. Sure, in a perfect market that would be true. I’d also be able to purchase a unicorn in that mystical free market you speak of. Back in the real world, many of us buy Apple products because they are the only choice if you want something that doesn’t suck. My first Apple product was an Apple ][ and I have never purchased a Windows computer in my entire life. Still, I only buy used Macs to get around overpaying for Apple hardware. Lately I’ve been overpaying for an iPhone with a monthly data plan, but I’ve never deluded myself into believing I get my money’s worth. Android Lollipop finally provides a viable alternative but iPhones still offer superior integration with my Macs, so I’ll likely stay with Apple. That’s my choice, it’s one of the few luxuries I permit myself and I admit I’m letting Apple take advantage of me in some ways. I guess that’s the difference between using Apple computers and being Apple’s little bitch. lcfbill - 2 years ago Reply Mr. Cook’s comments seem reasonable to me. Many, many people do not mind that info about them is being sold. It is simply a matter of choice. But choice requires knowledge of what the no-charge services truly represent. gatorguy2 - 2 years ago Reply Apple too is in the “you are the product” game, putting you up for bid just as assuredly as Facebook does. Apple just doesn’t (yet) do in on the same scale, but they don’t disclose it as clearly either. You may or may not be aware that Apple IS “selling you”, putting you up for bid to advertisers thru their ad xchange service in conjunction with iAd as soon as you log in to Apple services. The potentila advertisers are notified that you ahve arrived, and bids can be made for the opprotunity to present you with ads that may interst you. Apple claims to have about 400 different ad-user groups you might be a part of, so they apparently know quite a lot of details about you including but not limited to your income, what you do for a living and your neighborhood demographics. . They may know whether you are married. your age and your partners name, and the names/ages of your children if you have any. They may know if you travel, how often and where..They know many of your interests and leisure activities. All those details and more are used to better allow marketers to target you and your potential purchasing decisions. Noteworthy is that unlike Facebook or some other ad-supported services Apple doesn’t appear to give you anything in return for your advertising profile. I don’t have an issue really with ad-supported services when they give me some value in return. Noteworthy is that as far as I know Apple is giving you nothing in return. You’re simply a product when it comes to iAd. Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago I’ve made a very similar point on here too. Your exactly right. Folk must seriously think those App developers are working around the clock to being out free apps out of the goodness of their hearts. r00fus1 - 2 years ago Is it just me or have I not seen a single iAd? Maybe it’s about buying the right apps (and paying for it)? If you pay for your phone and your apps, you’re the customer and where you don’t pay, you’re not. It’s not Apple proffering those free apps, it’s the developers. If the devs did not write free apps with iAd included, you would never see those ads. At least on iOS I have that choice, and it’s respected. On the Android world you have much less choice as less Android users are willing to pay for apps (I remember seeing user advice to android games to turn off internet to play Angry Birds so the ads don’t show anything). Mike Knopp (@mknopp) - 2 years ago Aunty Troll: It isn’t that I think they are doing it out of the goodness of their hearts. I realize that there are ads and that is how they make money. What I am concerned about is what data exactly is used to target the ads and who it is shared with. PMZanetti - 2 years ago Reply Facebook is a data mining operation for the federal government. Whether it started that way, or started innocently, that is what it is. sircheese69 - 2 years ago Reply That people like this shit without any facts is, well, sad. PMZanetti - 2 years ago Common sense is about all you need Albert Davis - 2 years ago Common sense doesn’t negate unsubstantiated facts. So, if you want to claim such stupid shit, either prove it or just….stop. bdkennedy11 - 2 years ago Reply Zuckerberg is just butt hurt because he doesn’t want the stock to go down. noone (@linkn81) - 2 years ago Reply “Apple products are over priced.” – If this is the case, the Mark Zuckerberg needs to create an iMac, iPhone, and iPad competitor at a lower costs and beat Apple at it’s own game… But somehow I have my doubts. In the mean time, how is it that Facebook can build up several thousand pages of personal information on a person who doesn’t even have a photo or a wall post on Facebook? And why does Facebook track people who don’t have facebook accounts? Seems awfully voyeuristic to me… b9bot - 2 years ago Reply Ha,ha! look who’s talking. Facebook is all about ad-supported business. Without ads there would be no Facebook. Apple’s products have been proven several times to be competitive in price for the features that there products provide. Not only that but what you get after the sale is even more important. Free support at any Apple store with a Genius appointment. Software support is free. Try that at your local Microsoft, or Best Buy. It costs you money just to talk with them. Need software support and you will pay through the nose. Major OS upgrades are free. Constant updates to keep your Macs and IOS devices with the latest features and security are free. Zuckerberg argument is old and outdated from the 90’s. Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) - 2 years ago Reply You are aware that free genius bar appointments, free software support and free OS upgrades aren’t actually “free’, and are actually the reason why both you, I, and every other Apple user out there pays more for their phones and PC’s aren’t you? Obviously not, or you wouldn’t of typed such a totally naive comment. George Pollen - 2 years ago Reply Zuckerberg thinks Facebook is free? that its users don’t pay for the service somehow, even if indirectly? I much prefer knowing what I’m buying, when I’m buying, and not giving up my privacy in the process. howardbrittain - 2 years ago Reply Zuckerberg comes out of this looking even more of a greedy idiot than ever. TechGeek_253 (@TechGeek_253) - 2 years ago Reply Facebook Phone = FAIL…just sayin’… desksaver - 2 years ago Reply Of course you are still a customer when you are using a free online service. Anyone say otherwise either doesn’t understand economy, or has he own agenda. A free online service like Google or Facebook is just like any other paid service: you bring something to the table, and the company give you back something in return. The only difference is that in this case you are using your personal data as the payment. If your personal data has a value of $5 to Google, then you are just as valuable as someone who pay $5 for the same service. The company will still have to design their service with you in mind, in order to attract you to use the service. Tim made it sounded like you are solely a product and therefore Google isn’t working for you. That can’t be further away from truth. If you think offering 2nd class free service will get you anywhere then you need to take a look at all the failed online free service. When a service is free the company has to work EXTRA hard to attract you, because usually the competitors are also free and the customers usually have no loyalty at all. Sam Anderson - 2 years ago Reply I am definitely making for Facebook even though I don’t “buy” things thru the site. Monetize the members. Everyone does it. 89p13 - 2 years ago Reply IMO – The only thing Zuckerberg and FaceCrook are in alingment with is your wallet! I have never had (nor will I ever have) anythng associated with FaceCrook. They are worse than Google as far as data mining and selling their user’s information: either directly or indirectly! If Zukerberg’s mother had only said NO all those many years ago – the world would be a better place. I still think that FaceCrook is a front for the NSA! Just tap into FaceCrook and scan those photos and names. ;) sircheese69 - 2 years ago Reply It’s a shame your mother didn’t say no as well. Mike Knopp (@mknopp) - 2 years ago It’s a shame your daughters don’t love you and you are forced to come to a site for a product you hate for any sort of validation. Then again you could be a liar and you don’t have any daughters. I am not sure which is sadder. Go away piggy. sircheese69 - 2 years ago You really are stretching to try to seem intelligent but you are looking quite pathetic, but I wouldn’t expect anything less from an Apple sheep. The only sad thing is your pathetic little life and the need to scream at the top of your lungs about Samsung on an Apple site. As for me going away, make me…oh wait. You can’t. You are like….cancer. Sad. Albert Davis - 2 years ago Oh joy, another moron who thinks mom jokes are cool. r00fus1 - 2 years ago Reply Dude, no one should be saying Zuck wasn’t born, but perhaps Facebook should never have been born. It’s like a wet dream for the FBI/CIA/Stazi/Mossad. darrenoia - 2 years ago Reply Serious question: has anybody ever actually clicked on a Facebook ad? It’s all sub-infomercial trash. I find it hard to believe the advertisers are getting their money’s worth. r00fus1 - 2 years ago Reply Maybe Zuck is lashing out in a classical projection – he knows he’s overpriced his ad rates for the benefits they offer to his customers (advertisers), so he thinks Apple is overpricing their laptops. aaronazevedo - 2 years ago Reply The saying goes “with age comes wisdom”. Zuck may be pretty darn bright, but sure does a good job of proving he’s still a young pecker head! Cook and AAPL, and Apple get my money every day. I canceled my Facebook account and sold all my FB stock. Kawaii Gardiner - 2 years ago Reply “Our mission is to connect every person in the world. ” No you idiot, the mission of your organisation is to make money – you’re a business, that is the reason for you existing. Honestly, for a person with such a punchable face he seems to make himself even more punchable with each passing day. Oh, and btw, harvesting peoples personal information to on sell to third parties to then have advertisements targeted back at the consumers doesn’t make your mission any more noble by claim that “Our mission is to connect every person in the world” – there is a reason why many equate ‘an advertising business model with somehow being out of alignment with your customers’. greenbelt2csp - 2 years ago Reply Zuckerberg’s response shows his ignorance. He doesn’t even know who is customers are. His customers are the advertisers. For Apple we are the users and customers. So if Zuckerberg did what he says Apple should do, then he should drop his advertising rates dramatically. talibabdussalam - 2 years ago Reply now can Apple remove that stupid Facebook and other social media buttons from my phone drtyrell969 - 2 years ago Reply I don’t think anyone could accuse Apple of being cheap. thinkman12345 - 2 years ago Reply Facebook is the biggest blight on the internet! Zuckerberg is just as creepy as his service. thinkman12345 - 2 years ago Reply I’m disgusted by the number of times Facebook appears in my apps and on the internet (Twitter too) – You can’t even login to the huffington post-menepausal without it! This is too fvcking creepy for words! Someone really could make a bundle by writing an App that deletes all references to Facebook entirely. PLEASE! Bambi Jeff (@Bambi_Jeff) - 2 years ago Reply Their mission is to make money. The amount of ads on Facebook is absolutely ridiculous! Thats probably why Zuckerberg felt offended. I couldn’t have said it better, Cook! Sons of Ares (@SonsofAres) - 2 years ago Reply How many Apple Watches does anyone think he’ll buy? Winski - 2 years ago Reply Must be a slow day over at the Billionaires Babies Club… Whine..Whine..Whine… Go away, you’re boring me to death… halibutwhisperer - 2 years ago Reply r00fus1 says: December 5, 2014 at 1:02 pm I am going to amend your 2nd option: 2- Products should be free and it is up to the company to find a way to make money without the end user’s *knowing it will cost them* FB and Google services users are trading their privacy and personal data (including personally identifying data) to pay for these services. Like Reply Aunty Troll (@AuntyTroll) says: December 5, 2014 at 3:25 pm And Apple use your personal data to allow advertisers to target your demographic with adverts. What’s the difference? The difference is that Apple keeps its info INHOUSE and Google and FB takes YOUR info to the OUTHOUSE!!! Don’t worry, be happy. korkidog - 2 years ago Reply I love Apple products but I do feel they are overpriced when compared to other similar products out there. Ben Lovejoy - 2 years ago Reply Less so when you consider total cost of ownership: https://9to5mac.com/2014/03/21/opinion-why-the-upgrade-cycle-means-the-apple-tax-is-lower-than-it-seems/ Mark Langston (@markrlangston) - 2 years ago Reply There’s so many things wrong with his way of thinking not to mention the contradiction from things that should be cheap to things that should be free. I know he’s a billionaire and all but this was not a smart thing to say. Air Burt - 2 years ago Reply He’s just mad cause Tim won’t let him take over the iPhone with Facebook Home. Also, he clearly doesn’t understand Apple at all. tenormasta - 2 years ago Reply Just fyi for you all talking about targeted Apple ads. There is an option in the Settings to turn it off. Easy as pie. ^_^ Ex-cog (@iheartWallSt) - 2 years ago Reply Mark Zuckerberg uses an iPhone… so, umm yeah… Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for December 9, 2014 Apple and Amazon refuse to make full federal workforce diversity data public Ben Lovejoy - Dec. 9th 2014 5:32 am PT @benlovejoy AAPL Company Google Apple Inc Microsoft Facebook From Apple's diversity microsite Comments (8) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Although Apple published its own employee diversity report back in August, USA Today reports that the company has refused to make public the full data from its federal diversity filing. While companies are required to file this information annually in a form known as EEO-1, they are not legally obliged to make the data public. Facebook, eBay, Google, Yahoo and LinkedIn are among the technology companies that have made public their EEO-1s […] Chief among the companies that decided not to disclose their EEO-1s were Microsoft, Twitter, Apple and Amazon. When USA Today pressed the matter, Twitter released its filing and Microsoft agreed to do so by the end of the month, but Apple and Amazon did not respond …  Stanford fellow Vivek Wadhwa, author of Innovating Women: The Changing Face of Technology, said that the companies have a responsibility to be accountable to the public for their hiring practices. This refusal shows that they have something to hide. If they didn’t have anything to hide, they would come clean. While Apple has not commented on the reason for its refusal, the piece notes that technology companies are critical of the EEO-1 form, complaining that its job classifications are a poor match for the tech industry. Intel’s chief diversity officer Rosalind Hudnell acknowledges this, but says that it is the best available measure at present. “I hope everyone eventually shares their EEO-1s,” Hudnell said. “If we are going to commit as an industry to drive improvement in a collective fashion, we cannot do it with inconsistent data.” Tim Cook has stated that he is not satisfied with Apple’s current diversity numbers, which show that Apple’s US workforce is 70% male and 55% white, and has a number of initiatives designed to address the issue. One of these is a number of $10k Inclusion and Diversity Scholarships for minorities in tech, another a film designed to emphasise the company’s commitment to diversity. Tim Cook spoke of racial equality and gay rights in a speech in Alabama, and of course officially came out as gay shortly afterwards. Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Apple Inc View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. markbyrn (@markbyrn) - 2 years ago Reply Does not respond does not mean refuse and perhaps Apple wasn’t interested in participating in a USA Today hit piece (damned if you do, damned if you don’t). The title should be Apple doesn’t respond to USA Today request. In that vein, I wonder if USA Today will ask the NBA why the players don’t seem to reflect racial in terms of percentages; I always figured they’re hiring the best players for the job as opposed to favoring one race. Maybe Apple does the same? Dean Har - 2 years ago Reply If you’re trying to make a good case against diversity, you probably should stay far away from athletics. If the wealthy wanted to dominate the NBA, know that they very well could. There aren’t many whites in the NBA simply because basketball typically isn’t the sport white parents want to pay for their kids to learn. But when you look at sports that require expensive equipment and coaching, you’ll find that the wealthy always dominate. That’s why Serena and Venus Williams (tennis) and Gabby Douglas (gymnastics) are such a big deal. Most families in their financial position don’t have the time or luxury to deal with the exorbitant costs of coaching, training, and traveling nor do they have the patience to deal with the financial and racial discrimination that comes along as a package deal. That’s actually the reason why Serena and Venus’s father stopped sending them to tournaments when they were kids. The racial discrimination, sadly from the parents (and most likely the kids as well), was too much for them to handle and ultimately not worth their time. Cai Copley - 2 years ago Reply Why does it matter? Why should productivity be sacrificed for the “ideal” of “diversity”? What ever happened to the idea of “best person for the job”? gen0music - 2 years ago Reply What happened was you guys spent 300 years building the place using the best people for the job: slaves. Then you didn’t pay the African Americans back for what they built and worked because you couldn’t afford to if you wanted to. 50 years after you freed them, you’re already moaning about having to have them around? Look, smart black people actually aren’t that hard to find. Neither are dumb ones, but the difference is that it’s very hard to reward someone who works hard and get’s educated despite being pretty much forced to go to a lower performing school, and a lower performing college, and then is seen as “not the best person for the job” because he is not the closest to hand, lives in a bad area, is competing with people who went to a better school, or a host of other reasons that are either beyond his control or make him have to work disproportionately harder than his white peers to achieve the same thing. Today, the US segregates every race to their own area so that there are black schools and black colleges, black cities and black counties, all without breaking your own anti-racism laws. Yet you still have 80% of the wealth held by one race, and 25% of the other race are below the poverty line. I once told my boss about a (fictional) great IT admin born, raised and living in Compton who just needed a job to get out, and he almost laughed at the idea it was even possible. That’s why Affirmative Action exists. sardonick - 2 years ago What a nice apologist answer. Bollocks. And for every “you people” there’s plenty of you people too. gen0music - 1 week ago 1. Your answer is as apologist as mine. In fact any answer that addresses AA is apologist. And for every “you people” there’s plenty of you people too is funny. Yes, there are 4 white people to every 1 black in the US, and 50 white controlled dollars to every 1 black dollar. So plenty isn’t even close. sardonick - 2 years ago Reply Diversity. Tokens for the media. Worry more about “qualified” and less about “diverse”. gen0music - 4 weeks ago Reply Stop disallowing the skilled colored people from getting school places over less qualified white people and we might be able to talk. Until then I will still be an unqualified IT nerd that can code 3 different languages and cold-room reverse engineer a device driver to rewrite for a different OS, but can’t hand you a shiny piece of paper. Shiny pieces of paper cost money, not skills. Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology CES 2017: China vows to innovate not imitate Dave Lee North America technology reporter 7 January 2017 From the section Technology comments Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-38541208 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image caption LeEco sounds French to some - but the firm is a home-grown Chinese venture China's disregard for intellectual property, and a turn-a-blind-eye culture when it comes to blatant counterfeiting, is notorious - the butt of many jokes. And it’s been fair. In China they don't just counterfeit devices, they counterfeit entire shops - a knock-off Apple store was closed down in 2015. Instances like this play into the West’s view of China as the world’s shameless imitator. A place where great ideas from the US and Europe go off to be assembled as cheaply as possible. It's time to update that view. At CES, the US's biggest trade show, Chinese companies could be found competing not only on price, but on fantastic ideas and design. As China's consumers have matured - and by that I mean, got a lot richer - so too has its technology industry. Like many a British popstar, China is intent on breaking America. But the question is whether Chinese firms can earn greater trust from Western consumers. 'Sounds French' Occupying a sizable booth in CES's North Hall is LeEco. It's pronounced "Luh" and "eco" as in ecosystem. On display here is a concept Tesla-like sportscar, some Smart bikes with Google's Android software built in, and a 12in (30cm) TV. The point: they do a lot. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Chinese billionaire Jia Yueting, chief executive of LeEco, has been at CES this year LeEco was for a while known as the Netflix of China, a company that streamed content and eventually started making its own original material. Now it's branching out quickly into hardware - and started selling devices in the US at the tail end of last year. "People assume LeEco… they think it sounds French,” says Kenny Mathers, from LeEco's marketing team. " 'Le' in mandarin means 'joyful'," he added. "Our name means joyful ecosystem. When consumers get to pick up our products they’re delighted with build quality and design." Sounding French is a good thing for a Chinese company, Mathers acknowledged, as it removes a trust barrier for people used to words like Apple rather than, say, Xiaomi. That said, I’ve heard at least five different pronunciations of LeEco this week. Looking around the booth I spotted what looked very much like a GoPro camera, and I put it to Mathers that even here we're still seeing a disregard for Western intellectual property. "I wouldn’t say that," he said. "I would say that there’s a lot of innovation in our products. We've had a huge number of innovations in our phone line - we were the first company to remove the audio jack." Image caption LeEco showed off an Android-powered road bike He is of course referencing Apple’s controversial decision to remove the headphone socket from its latest iPhone - though I’m not sure that’s been a particularly popular move by either company. LeEco won't be drawn on reports of its money woes - back in China it’s reported that Haosheng Electronics, one of LeEco’s suppliers, is taking legal action over unpaid bills. LeEco has denied reports it has failed to meet its financial obligations. 'Poor country' According to the latest figures from research firm Gartner, sitting third in the global smartphone sales race - behind Samsung and Apple - is Huawei. Already the biggest supplier of telecoms infrastructure in Europe, Huawei was one of the early entrants into Western markets - though in the US it was coy. The company made Google's Nexus 6P, released in 2015, but until now hadn't undertaken any serious attempts at pushing its own brand. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Huawei unveiled its Mate 9 phablet at the Las Vegas tech show The new Mate 9, a so-called phablet, is the company's first high-end device to be launched in the US. One stand-out feature is a built-in voice assistant. Curiously, while the company makes its own AI assistant, it has opted to integrate Amazon’s Alexa into this device instead. I wondered if it was because US users might not trust a Chinese firm with such broad data gathering. But Richard Yu, Huawei's chief executive (for the consumer side of things), gave a simpler explanation. "Amazon Alexa is the best in this country,” he told me. "We want to bring to the consumer the best services. In the China market we have our own - we have no intention to do this [in the US] in the short term." Momentum shift Last year, Huawei had an unexpected gift: Samsung’s devices kept on catching on fire. "Their problem has given Huawei more opportunity to be in the market," Mr Yu said, though he felt the Mate 9 would have given Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 a run for its money even without the problems. He said China deserved its reputation as an imitator in years past, but was quickly shaking off that image. "Chinese vendors are getting stronger and stronger on innovation. "It's not like 10, 20 years ago where many in China would learn [from the West]. There is more original innovation from China now. Image copyright AFP Image caption One Chinese telecoms firm, ZTE, impressed CES crowds with a spot of American basketball - on stilts "Thirty years ago China was a very poor country. Like North Korea. Very poor. Nothing. "Within 30 years everywhere in China is changing, growing. In Huawei we have huge investment in innovation." This year he said he expected the company to spend $10bn (£8.1bn) on research and development - roughly in line with Apple. But spend isn't everything. No amount of money can buy a Steve Jobs or a Jony Ive. And the cultural boundaries are proving both frustrating and fascinating - what is a massive hit in China can fall desperately flat elsewhere. But while American firms have struggled to make headway in China, Chinese firms are accelerating into the West. With high specifications and low prices, you shouldn't bet against them. Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC View comments Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story CES 2017: Amazon's virtual aide Alexa shouts above rivals 7 January 2017 Video CES 2017: Minister hits back at tech show chief's attack 6 January 2017 CES 2017: Baidu launches digital assistant with screen 5 January 2017 More Technology stories Top Stories Trump: UK doing great after Brexit vote The US president-elect promises a quick trade deal with the UK after he takes office in five days' time. 16 January 2017 Tunisia attack deaths inquest to open 16 January 2017 Pound falls ahead of May Brexit speech 16 January 2017 Features Lemon-aid Using fruit to explain how breast cancer looks and feels Coding pioneer Joyce Wheeler looks back on using one of the first computers Toxic air The city where you can't escape smog, even inside your home Entertainment week in pictures From the Golden Globes to the Rovers Return Public porn What do you do when someone is watching porn on the bus? Blind man's fog How snow hinders sightless people but rain helps Guccifer 2.0 & me Conversations with the notorious hacker targeted by America 'Victims of their time' The Victorian children held behind bars A walk through Aleppo Jeremy Bowen shares his images from a city in ruins News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
null
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Samsung Gear smartwatches iPhone compatible with release of new apps Adam Westlake - Jan 8, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Is 2017 going to be the year that Apple and Samsung finally start playing nice together? Apple is opening its first retail store in Samsung’s home of South Korea, and now Samsung’s Gear line of wearables have their own iOS apps. Ok, so maybe playing nice is still out of the picture, but at the least the latter means owners of the Gear S3, Gear S2, and Gear Fit 2 can use their devices with an iPhone if they prefer. Samsung’s Gear S and Gear Fit apps are now available on the iOS App Store for the first time, meaning the Gear smartwatches can finally be paired with a non-Android phone. Of course, the wearables won’t have as much integration with the iPhone as they would with a Samsung device, but all the essential features are there. The Gear S app will display notifications from the phone, sync with S Health for fitness tracking, as well as let users download and install apps on the smartwatch itself. Similarly, the Gear Fit app supports notification and syncs health data. Hardware features of the wearables, including GPS, cellular data, and the various sensors, will continue to work as well when used with an iPhone. The Gear S app will work with the Gear S2 and both the Classic and Frontier models of the Gear S3. SOURCE Samsung Story Timeline Samsung Gear S2 Review Samsung Gear Fit 2, Gear IconX Hands-on: Putting fitness at the top Samsung Gear Fit 2 sports band goes on sale worldwide Samsung Gear S3 hands-on: Samsung Pay, LTE, rugged smartwatch Samsung Gear S3, Pay works on LG V20, not on Google Pixel Samsung Gear S2 gets a taste of Gear S3 in latest update Tags AppsiOSiPhoneSamsungSamsung Gear Fit 2Samsung Gear S2Samsung Gear S3smartwatchWearable Must Read Bits & Bytes SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion, deploying satellites & landing successfully Nintendo Switch online service: monthly games not really ‘free,’ smartphone-based multiplayer chat Here’s every Nintendo Switch game trailer released so far Andy Rubin created Android: now he’s making the “Essential” smartphone Nintendo Switch: Everything you really need to know Latest Headlines LG G6 promised not to explode Jan 15, 2017 More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Jan 15, 2017 Apple debuts AirPods ads highlighting Siri and pairing Jan 15, 2017 Amazon seeks FCC permission for secret wireless testing Jan 15, 2017 Chinese app stores ordered to register with government Jan 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Panache LATEST NEWS Demonetisation badly administered: Meghnad Desai RSS should include more women in its ranks, says LK Advani Rose Valley and Saradha cases: Ex-TMC MP Kunal Ghosh questioned by CBI Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Magazines Panache ET Wealth Brand Equity Corporate Dossier ET Magazine Travel Tech and GadgetsWorklifeCars & BikesLifestyleHealthPeopleEntertainmentBooksCity LifeHumourBetween The Lines ET Home›Magazines›Panache 09:23 AM | 16 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,204-34.47 NIFTY 50 8,384-16.70 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.240.15 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 start on a negative note; Infosys top loser Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments iPhone turns 10: The smartphone revolution blazes on! AFP| Updated: Jan 08, 2017, 12.35 PM IST READ MORE ON » Steve Jobs | Smartphone | Pokemon | iPhone turns 10 | iPhone | Apple The iPhone -- introduced by Apple's Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 -- set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry Related India to be world's third assembler of iPhones The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone -- introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 -- set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone's focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. "Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. "Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity." Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting "infotainment" systems that synch with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. "The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone's daily life," Blau said. The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystalized, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. "It's pretty remarkable what it did," Maxwell said of the iPhone. "We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it." Putting the internet in people's pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialize and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. "It turned the industry on its head," Maxwell said at CES. "It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape." The iPhone powered Apple's money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market. Apple chief executive Tim Cook and other top executives saw their compensation for 2016 cut because internal income targets were missed, according to a filing Friday with US regulators. "The two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels," Apple said in the filing. "These results were below the target performance goals." Apple reported net sales of $215.6 billion for the fiscal year, with an operating income of $60 billion, the filing indicated. Cook's pay will tally $8.75 million as compared with $10.3 million in 2015. His base pay jumped to $3 million from $2 million. Apple's profit in the quarter ending September 24 slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered optimism on company efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. Apple is to release performance figures for the recently ended quarter on January 31. Apple has been working to make more money from services and apps. The iPhone maker said its App Store had its busiest single day ever on New Year's Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season for the online shop. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion from software creations tailored for Apple devices, according to the company. Meanwhile, eyes are on Apple for its next "big thing" in the face of worry that the company lost its innovative mojo with the passing of Jobs in 2011. Rumors of projects in the works include a self-driving car. "I think they will have a next big thing," analyst Blau said. "But the future of the company will rely on smaller innovation. And there is nothing wrong with that kind of a business." Want stories like this in your inbox? Sign up for the weekly ET Panache newsletter. You can also follow us on Facebook and Twitter. READ MORE ON » Steve Jobs | Smartphone | Pokemon | iPhone turns 10 | iPhone | Apple Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY More From Tech and Gadgets iPhone turns 10: The smartphone revolution blazes on! '123456' was the most common password of 2016 ​YouTube 'Super Chat': Now, you can pin comments on live streams Is there any privacy? WhatsApp vulnerability may allow hackers to read your encrypted messages The dark side: Instagram promoting hookah use Microsoft bringing 'Game Mode' to enhance PC gaming experience Move over, humans! UAE launches first robot pharmacy Your smartwatch may help detect disease early MSI launch new range of 4K laptops in India Here's how Oracle is helping young Indian entrepreneurs The moment of truth! Twitter to live-stream Donald Trump becoming POTUS Now, Apple TV to allow app-size limit up to 4GB Reboot: Nintendo will unveil its new Switch game console Finally! Nokia to launch Android smartphone on February 26 Now, you can go live on Facebook from desktop From drones to balloons! Alphabet drops dream of providing internet from the sky Now, Twitter to shut down its Dashboard feature HTC Desire 10 Pro review: Excellent design and an impressive 20MP rear camera 'Face with tears of joy' is the world's favourite emoji Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 – Phys.Org Posted on January 8, 2017 by Phys.Org The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone—introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007—set the stage for … Apple Shares ‘Take Mine’ Ad Showcasing Photos Taken in Portrait Mode on the iPhone 7 PlusMac Rumors Apple’s latest iPhone 7 Plus commercial showcases dual-lens ‘Portrait’ photo modeAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple touts new ‘Portrait Mode’ feature in latest iPhone 7 Plus adBGR TechCrunch -The Inquisitr -Defiance Crescent News (subscription) -Tech Times all 93 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 308 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets Abangan mga kabayan! #KabayanWeekly https://t.co/DfDugnZWl5 2 weeks ago Check this out! #KabayanWeekly #dubaipolice #uae #uaenationalday #dubai #myuae https://t.co/dKliuGkbjA 2 months ago Clemente family ready to run at #BeachRunUAE #KabayanWeekly #AbuDhabi #uae https://t.co/8WY4IvC3sa 2 months ago Duterte says talk with God just a 'joke' https://t.co/7ZLNQ1pjc6 2 months ago 'Narco mayor" Espinosa killed in firefight inside prison cell https://t.co/UKO9Br3prb #MayorEspinosa 2 months ago Floyd’s kin blames Pacquiao for rematch failure January 13, 2017 332 DFBL lifts Team Kobe to S1 title January 12, 2017 477 Jehad, CMB faceoff in PBBL-Gonsalves Cup finals January 12, 2017 349 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Most Popular Floyd’s kin blames Pacquiao for rematch failure DFBL lifts Team Kobe to S1 title Jehad, CMB faceoff in PBBL-Gonsalves Cup finals Filipino boxer Jerusalem set to fight vs. Thai Menayothin Catalan to battle Matheis at ONE: Quest for Power Floyd’s kin blames Pacquiao for rematch failure Queen Grace enters PEBA’s semis over LoA Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Floyd’s kin blames Pacquiao for rematch failure DFBL lifts Team Kobe to S1 title Jehad, CMB faceoff in PBBL-Gonsalves Cup finals Filipino boxer Jerusalem set to fight vs. Thai Menayothin Catalan to battle Matheis at ONE: Quest for Power Floyd’s kin blames Pacquiao for rematch failure Queen Grace enters PEBA’s semis over LoA Latest News NEWSFloyd’s kin blames Pacquiao for rematch failure NEWSDFBL lifts Team Kobe to S1 title SPORTSJehad, CMB faceoff in PBBL-Gonsalves Cup finals SPORTSFilipino boxer Jerusalem set to fight vs. Thai Menayothin SPORTSCatalan to battle Matheis at ONE: Quest for Power SPORTSFloyd’s kin blames Pacquiao for rematch failure SPORTSQueen Grace enters PEBA’s semis over LoA NEWSNew organization launched for overseas Filipinos NEWSShabu trader falls NEWSOnly 7 villages comply with chismis law Security experts predict more cyberattacks, hacktivism, Apple security flaws in 2017 Claire Bautista January 6, 2017 3:17 pm NEWSTECHNOLOGY 256 0 DUBAI – Security flaws on Apple products, more cyberattacks and cybersecurity events will stoke international tensions – these are just some of the predictions for 2017 by security experts. These predictions were shared by the experts to technewsworld.com. Global security company Trend Micro predicted there will be flaws on Apple security this year. The company also noted that more software flaws will affect Adobe and Apple in 2017, compared to Microsoft. Trend Micro also explained that PC sales will decline. The firm noted that signs of hacker’s increased interest in Adobe and Apple in 2016. Adobe’s vulnerability count has increased to 135, and 76 for Microsoft last year. Apple, meanwhile, has increased to 50, shooting up from 25 in 2015. “There’s a much broader use of Apple products now,” Ed Cabrera, vice president of cyber security strategy at Trend Micro, was quoted as saying in the same report. “The criminals go where consumers and enterprises are. If consumers and enterprises are utilizing more Apple products, then that’s where the money is going to be,” he added. CEO of Strategic Cyber Ventures Tom Kellerman, on the other hand, predicted that simmering tensions over nations hacking nations will come to a boil this year. “Geopolitics will be the harbinger for cyberattacks in 2017,” he said. The report noted that these cyberattacks will be raised by both old and new presidents of the United States. “Due to the president elect’s rhetoric against China, Chinese hacking will begin again with increased vigor. “North Korea will leverage IoT for more denial of service attacks against the West,” Kellerman said. In relation with the US elections, disillusioned American voters will become more inclined toward hacktivism, he predicted. “The hacktivism will be more destructive than it has been in the past,” he said. By: Ryan Namia   Facebook Comments Website Comments 97Nam January 6th, 2017 Reply I must say you have high quality content here. Your blog should go viral. You need initial boost only. How to get it? Search for; Etorofer’s strategies LavonneWirth January 8th, 2017 Reply I see your page needs some unique content. Writing manually is time consuming, but there is tool for this task. Just search for: Digitalpoilo’s tools POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 308 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets Abangan mga kabayan! #KabayanWeekly https://t.co/DfDugnZWl5 2 weeks ago Check this out! #KabayanWeekly #dubaipolice #uae #uaenationalday #dubai #myuae https://t.co/dKliuGkbjA 2 months ago Clemente family ready to run at #BeachRunUAE #KabayanWeekly #AbuDhabi #uae https://t.co/8WY4IvC3sa 2 months ago Duterte says talk with God just a 'joke' https://t.co/7ZLNQ1pjc6 2 months ago 'Narco mayor" Espinosa killed in firefight inside prison cell https://t.co/UKO9Br3prb #MayorEspinosa 2 months ago Floyd’s kin blames Pacquiao for rematch failure January 13, 2017 332 DFBL lifts Team Kobe to S1 title January 12, 2017 477 Jehad, CMB faceoff in PBBL-Gonsalves Cup finals January 12, 2017 349 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
Subscribe to e-Reader Tech News!   Home Kindle Accessories Unicode Fonts Hack eReader Comparison Categories Kindle Dictionary Kindle FAQ Kindle Reviews Kindle Hacks And Tools EBook Text Formatter Contact Us   Kindle Black Friday Deals Best Amazon Deals Kindle Paperwhite - $99.99 Kindle Voyage - $169.99 Kindle - $49.99 Kindle Black Friday Deals 2016 About On e-Reader Tech News we track down the latest e-Reader news. We will keep you up to date with whats hot in the bestsellers section, including books, ebooks and blogs... and we will also bring you great e-reader tips and tricks along with reviews for the latest devices and accessories. Popular Posts Free Kindle Books Kindle 3 Review Kindle 4 Review Kindle Tablet Recent Posts Best TVs under $999 in January 2017 Sony Bravia OLED TV 2017 LG B7 Smart TV – 2017 OLED on a budget Kindle Fire HD8 vs iPad mini 4 with retina Coolest TVs on CES 2017 Tags Amazon amazon prime amazon vs apple Android Apple Barnes & Noble Barnes and Noble Black Friday comparison Competition contests e-ink ebooks free ebook Free Kindle E-Book Google International iPad iphone Kindle kindle 4 Kindle Books Kindle Competition Kindle Fire Kindle Review Kindle Sales kindle store kindle tablet kindle touch kindle vs iPad kindle vs nook Kobo new kindle Nook Publishing rumors Sony Sony Reader Speculation Sunday Night Links tablet thoughts touchscreen unicode Video Recent Comments cool on Kindle FAQ Alicia on Read Kindle books on Nook Color Nigel Kenneth Waring on Kindle FAQ rona kruger on How to publish a Kindle eBook Joanne on Kindle FAQ November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct   Dec »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Blogroll Free Kindle Books Kindle Calendar Kindle Croatian Dictionary Kindle eBook Catalog Kindle German Dictionary Kindle Italian Dictionary Kindle Portuguese Dictionary Kindle Spanish Dictionary Kindle Sudoku Netbook Expert Blog Windows 8 News WIndows 8 Review Updates Windows 8 Weather App WOW Boost « Google brings RSC messaging to Android on Sprint     Barnes and Nobles plans to release next Nook tablet » Apple Pay ranks in top 5 payment systems Apple pay has seen a meteoric rise in popularity since its launch on October 20, 2014. According to new analytics data it now ranks as a fifth most popular payment system within top 10,000 websites. It ranks on fifth position with only 0.25% of adoption rate but this number looks quite solid in comparison to what percent of adoption other payment systems in top 5 have. According to most recent analytics report Paypal is on a first place with 2.36%. Paypal “subscribe” which provides an easy payment option for recurring subscriptions is adopted by 0.98% of top 10,000 websites. Stripe comes at third place with 0.35%. Braintree payments is just a little below Stripe at 0.32%. So as you can see Apple Pay is not far away from its Stripe and Braintree competitors in third and fourth place. With the release of the 2016 Macbook Pro featuring Touch ID sensor Apple Pay may see even quicker adoption. Recent reports suggest that new Macbook Pro is going to be a successful product and Apple Pay is an integral part of user experience on it. So every new Macbook Pro user is a potential new customer of Apple Pay. Lots of websites from top 10,000 gather statistics on users’ operating systems and hardware. And if devices with support of Apple Pay will start having a statistical significance in website analytics reports then there is a good chance that website owners will invest resources in adding Apple Pay as a new payment option. This makes Macbook Pro with Touch ID sensor an important step towards getting Apple Pay adopted by more and more websites. Apple is pushing Apple Pay quite aggressively into more and more markets. It just launched Apple Pay in Russia with Sberbank and MasterCard support. And just hours ago Apple Pay got support of 30 new banks and credit union in Australia and Orange Cash in France. Expanding to different countries is a good strategy which possible can boost Apple Pay above its Stripe and Braintree competitors. The only competitor which it may have some problems with is Paypal. Due to long history, wide adoption and relatively easy integration Paypal will continue to be a significant player for a long time to come. November 9th, 2016 by Dzmitry | Tags: Apple, apple pay, macbook pro touch id, paypal, touch id | Category: Apple, Apple Pay | Leave a comment Leave a Reply Cancel   Name (required)   Mail (will not be published) (required)   Website You can use these HTML tags <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Copyright © 2017 e-Reader Tech - Gadget news - All Rights Reserved - Contact Us Product names, logos, brands, and other trademarks (including but not limited to Amazon, Kindle, Barnes & Noble, Nook, NookColor, Sony) featured or referred to within ereadertech.com are the property of their respective trademark holders. These trademark holders are not affiliated with ereadertech.com. They do not sponsor or endorse our materials.
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple’s new ad highlights Portrait mode in iPhone 7 Plus Apple’s new ad highlights Portrait mode in iPhone 7 Plus According to Apple the iPhone 7 Plus also relies on machine learning to create this depth-of-field effect for Portrait mode. By: Tech Desk | Published:January 8, 2017 3:33 pm According to Apple the iPhone 7 Plus also relies on machine learning to create this depth-of-field effect for Portrait mode. Apple has released a new ad called ‘Take Mine’ that shows off the Portrait mode in iPhone 7 Plus. The ad, which will be aired at Golden Globes Awards, highlights iPhone 7’s dual camera prowess and its ‘Depth Effect’ feature for Portrait Mode. The ad has been shot in Greece and starts with a young woman meeting up with her grandmother in a small village. The woman has iPhone 7 Plus in her hand, with which she takes a picture of her grandmother in Portrait Mode. Whats happens next is quite predictable. The grandmother loves the picture and exclaims in joy, “What a great picture!” And suddenly, everyone in the village wants a picture with in Portrait mode with iPhone 7 Plus. Next, the young woman goes around the village clicking pictures of men, women and children who gladly pose for the camera. The ad ends with a message that says, “Portrait mode on iPhone 7 Plus is practically magic.” Apple’s Portrait mode is only available for iPhone 7 Plus. The Cupertino-giant launched iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus in September, while the Portrait mode was rolled out via an iOS update on October 24. The Portrait mode creates a shallow depth of field to make the person more in focus, while the background is blurred. Read: Apple iPhone 7 Plus finally gets a Portrait mode, and thank God it’s in beta According to Apple, both the 12-megapixel cameras are used in the Portrait mode, and the iPhone 7 Plus also relies on machine learning to create this depth-of-field effect. Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus has two 12-megapixel rear camera with optical image stabilization and ƒ/1.8 aperture and a new 6-element lens. Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus also offers optical zoom at 2X and and 10X digital zoom for photos. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Best of Express Meghalaya sex scam: Guest-house run by Home Minister’s son under probe EntertainmentOk Jaanu box office collection day 3: Aditya Roy Kapur, Shraddha Kapoor film struggles to hold ground EntertainmentxXx Return of Xander Cage box office collection day 2: Deepika Padukone-Vin Diesel film expected to earn well EntertainmentKoffee With Karan: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sonam Kapoor turn Karan Johar's show into a mini kitty party EntertainmentHappy Birthday Sidharth Malhotra: As Sidharth Malhotra turns 32, here are facts about him we bet you didn't know. See pics, videos Must Read SportsKohli, Kedar hit magical tons to script sensational win SportsThis win is going to take a while to sink in, says Kohli SportsVirat Kohli leaves Twitterati awe-struck after century TechnologyLenovo invite for MWC 2017 hints Moto G5 Plus might launch soon TechnologyNokia could be developing a foldable smartphone, hints patent TechnologyFormer Android chief Andy Rubin to release a high-end, AI-focused smartphone  Sonam Kapoor, Frieda Pinto, Pooja Hegde: Best and worst dressed Bollywood divas at Filmfare Awards 2017 Jan 16: Latest News South Korea political crisis escalates as Samsung chief awaits fate Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s late strike helps Manchester United hold Liverpool to 1-1 draw Facebook announces new measures to curb ‘fake news’ in Germany Happy Birthday Sidharth Malhotra: As Sidharth Malhotra turns 32, here are facts about him we bet you didn’t know. See pics, videos Turkish Airlines cargo jet crash kills 16 in Kyrgyzstan                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Please enter your login details    Comment   Forgot password? Rewards Sunday Times The Times LIVE Sites Sowetan LIVE Sunday World BDlive Books Live Other Times Media Titles Search   JOBS   m.timeslive.co.za Times LIVE Africa's first grid-connected biogas plant powers up Spotify wants Obama to be its 'President of Playlists' SUBSCRIBE AM PM Marketing News South Africa Africa World City of Cape Town set to cash in on water restriction penalties The City of Cape Town is set to coin it as its residents fail to adhere to imposed water restrictions imposed by the DA administration. Ex-Al Qaeda group pledges to help SA journalist captured in Syria Zuma pays tribute to jazz legend Thandi Klaasen Another private schools group to list on JSE Discovery of old pier delays convention centre expansion Cape Town gets a wigging in judicial review of city centre planning row Former Model C schools being ‘bullied’ to accept more pupils Gambia's Barrow insists inauguration will go ahead Gambian president-elect Adama Barrow's inauguration will go ahead on January 19 as planned, his spokesman said Sunday as Barrow flew into Senegal at the request of west African leaders. Move to lift Sudan sanctions came after Trump approval, months of talks Teen almost dies after using machete to circumcise himself due to peer pressure Zimbabwe reverses telecoms price hike after public backlash US to lift some sanctions against Sudan: officials Sudanese president leaves hospital after heart procedure Democracy, jihadists top France-Africa summit agenda Trump warned off unilateral Mideast moves at Paris peace conference France warned Sunday of "serious consequences" if Donald Trump moves to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital as representatives from 70 countries met in Paris to try to revive stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts. Philippines' Duterte threatens martial law Sea Shepherd finds Japanese ship 'with slaughtered whale' Bahrain executes three Shi'ites convicted of killing policemen India boat accident toll rises to 26, more dead feared 26 killed as Yemeni forces push rebels back Germany's Merkel warns Trump against protectionism Politics Politics DA calls for action from Parliament in wake of yet another brutal farm murder The Democratic Alliance has reiterated its call for the re-establishment of a specialised police rural safety unit in the wake of yet another brutal farm attack in which an elderly couple were murdered. SABC hearings: ‘Somebody has misled Parliament’ - committee chairman Gross political interference reason for SABC collapse‚ says COPE SACP threatens legal action against Tshabalala over allegation of interference Nehawu goes on the offensive against Gordhan Union takes Herman Mashaba to task over crooked city licensing probe Ngubane says he and Motsoeneng saved the SABC Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Golf Tennis Motor Sport More Sport Mane propels Senegal to winning start Sadio Mane scored from the penalty spot to send Senegal on their way to a 2-0 victory over Tunisia in their first outing at the Africa Cup of Nations on Sunday. Man City thrashed by Everton, Ibrahimovic rescues United Riyad Mahrez scores twice but Algeria held by Zimbabwe DR Congo boycott training in bonus row Riyad Mahrez leads Algeria's Nations Cup hopes White-shirted magician Renard chases treble Burkina Faso come back to hold Cameroon Stormers poach Jessie Kriel's twin Dan alongside promising Lions pair It’s a sign of how the balance of power has shifted amongst South African Super Rugby franchises that the Stormers have poached two promising youngsters from the Lions. Sharks are hungry, says Mvovo Waikato Chiefs in sexism row Lions confirm three warm-up matches ahead of Super Rugby season Mvovo narrows focus on the Sharks and momentarily forgets about the Boks This annus may be even more horribilis for SA rugby Much to do for South African rugby in 2017 De Villiers expected to make a low key return to action in an amateur match in Benoni next Sunday. Proteas batting superstar AB de Villiers is expected to make a low key return to action in an amateur match in Benoni next Sunday. Consistency was the key to South Africa’s 3-0 thumping of hapless Sri Lanka SA batsmen‚ bowlers dominate Lankan punchbags in pads Proteas remain 3rd on ICC rankings despite whitewash of Sri Lanka Proteas wrap up innings victory and seal series 3-0 Sri Lanka's batsmen look like they have already mentally checked out Test v SA Early finish likely at the Wanderers on the third day Englishman Graeme storms ahead at the SA Open Graeme Storm retained the lead after the third round of the SA Open on Saturday but world No2 and crowd favourite Rory McIlroy is still lurking three shots back. Rory McIlroy shrugs off bad back to remain in contention at SA Open WATCH: The hole-in-one shot that earned Van Zyl sparkling new wheels at SA Open Horne pushes to top in SA Open Horne joins early pace setter and countryman Trevor Fisher Jr at the head of the field Rory McIlroy sounds ominous warning at SA Open in Glendower Fisher Jr grabs early clubhouse lead at the SA Open Staying number one harder than getting there, says Kerber Melbourne Park was ground zero for the stunning breakthrough of Angelique Kerber’s tennis career so the German has naturally savoured some golden memories before the defence of her Australian Open title. Tennis corruption cases hit new high Tennis duo 'are obviously just a bit crazy' Federer-conqueror Zverev ramps up Aussie Open preparations Teenager beats Federer Serena follows sister Venus to Auckland exit Serena shakes off cobwebs in Auckland The Ring accolades for local fighters South African boxers Simpiwe "Chain Reaction" Konkco, Hekkie "Hexecutioner" Budler and Zolani "Last Born" Tete have been recognised by The Ring magazine and awarded ratings on a prestigious list that some fighters can only dream of getting on to. Silverstone's owners question British GP future Schumacher medical bill tops R200m since accident F1 faces more change after Nico Rosberg exit Chad le Clos pins future on new coach‚ move to Cape Town South African swimming champion Chad le Clos has named Italian Andrea di Nino as his new coach. Wayde running for a Laureus award The KO Kid, Beast Master and Hexecutioner line up Wayde van Niekerk nominated for Laureus World Breakthrough of the Year Award Boxer Kevin Lerena parades his chiselled good looks at public workout US beckons for local duo - provided they win next month Dusi victory waits for no man Entertainment Entertainment Competitions Attention! Tol Ass Mo is dead serious about his music career A promise is a promise! And Tol Ass Mo has promised to release an album this year. Jazz legend Thandi Klaasen has died WATCH: A taste of what Siv and Janez get up to in their new show Inside Terry Pheto's incredible Aussie holiday Sometimes you have to save yourself, says ProVerb WATCH: Nadia Nakai's sauciest video yet What breakup blues? Pearl Modiadie heads to Bali for 'life changing' vacay Back-to-school promotion: R500k in bursaries & free stationery up for grabs Simply purchase the Sunday Times at any Pick n Pay between January 8 and 29 2017, and you could win one of 25 bursaries from Boston City Campus & Business College worth a total of R500,000. Plus you'll get a different FREE BiC stationery gift each week. Life & Style Life & Style Food IgnitionLive Books LIVE In Your Corner Red meat link to common bowel disease: study A diet rich in red meat has been linked to a heightened risk of a bowel inflammation called diverticulitis, according to a study. Scientists link binge drinking to binge eating Superheroes could magnify aggressive behaviors in children, study finds Study shows the way stress may harm your heart High-dose vitamin C shows promise in treatment of lung cancer and pancreatic cancer Something 'fishy' going on at LA sushi restaurants: study Diagnostic tests: Why they help your child do well at school Consumer Live Consumer Live Safety deposits 'not safe' Those of us who don't rent bank safety deposit boxes for our valuables probably imagine the set-up to involve fingerprint-accessed vault-like doors and a cobweb of alarmed beams, as in the movies. Safety deposit box plunder – the questions FNB won’t answer Ford still dodging burning issue of a Kuga recall More questions about FNB security measures after second safety deposit box raid ’Twas the season of ‘wait a lot’ for thousands of Takealot customers Bleak Christmas for hundreds of FNB safety box holders after robbers make off with millions Time hasn't healed the pain for family of deadly Ford Kuga fire victim Motoring Motoring French judicial probe opened into possible cheating over Renault emissions The Paris prosecutor has launched a judicial investigation into possible cheating on exhaust emissions in connection with a state probe into carmaker Renault, a source at the prosecutor's office said. Major brands detail SUV plans at NAIAS Ford goes to court to get police docket in to Kuga death Mercedes claims luxury pole position over BMW More Kugas aflame Toyota gives you a car that's less robotic and more human Hyundai eyes autonomous cars for the masses Sci-Tech Scitech Cape's floral richness means it's heaven for creepy-crawlies Insects are thriving in one of South Africa’s eight world heritage sites. E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study Marijuana eases some ailments‚ but it poses a health risk: report Power upgrade spacewalk begins for French, US astronauts Nintendo reboots with new Switch game console Climate changing for 'green bonds' even in face of Trump scepticism Lion poaching a concern for farmers SUNDAY TIMES iLIVE iLIVE     Latest previous next Trump warned off unilateral Mideast moves at Paris peace conference City of Cape Town set to cash in on water restriction penalties Dramatic finish to the SA Open after McIlroy misses a metre long putt to hand the title to unheralded Storm Ex-Al Qaeda group pledges to help SA journalist captured in Syria McIlroy and Storm both force a play-off at the SA Open Zuma pays tribute to jazz legend Thandi Klaasen Another private schools group to list on JSE De Villiers expected to make a low key return to action in an amateur match in Benoni next Sunday. Discovery of old pier delays convention centre expansion Cape Town gets a wigging in judicial review of city centre planning row Cape's floral richness means it's heaven for creepy-crawlies Former Model C schools being ‘bullied’ to accept more pupils Woman shoots three children before turning gun on herself School uniform costs dad his job Consistency was the key to South Africa’s 3-0 thumping of hapless Sri Lanka Man drowns after being swept off rocks at Three Anchor Bay Attention! Tol Ass Mo is dead serious about his music career Eviction order granted against tenant who charged for unauthorised upgrades to house SA needs to cooperate with countries fighting Islamic State: counterterrorism expert IN PICTURES: Jazz veteran Thandi Klaasen Hlaudi, Mbalula's wife sued in R1bn housing 'fraud' spree SA batsmen‚ bowlers dominate Lankan punchbags in pads Favourite McIlroy and other chasers nipping at leader Storm's heels at the SA Open One of Port Elizabeth’s most wanted gangsters arrested Jazz legend Thandi Klaasen has died Government’s official economic growth forecast for 2017 is 1.3% I helped the minister to smuggle Michelle, says dismissed embassy official DA calls for action from Parliament in wake of yet another brutal farm murder Heist hit list of notorious ‘Hammer Gang' over past two weeks Gordhan's survival will reinforce perceptions at #Davos that he is SA's real leader Woman impaled on palisade fence Free State town holds service in Gauteng to pray for rain Philippines' Duterte threatens martial law SABC hearings: ‘Somebody has misled Parliament’ - committee chairman Sea Shepherd finds Japanese ship 'with slaughtered whale' Three-year-old Durban girl mauled to death by family dog Bahrain executes three Shi'ites convicted of killing policemen Baleka Mbete raises hand as ANC succession battles heat up WATCH: A taste of what Siv and Janez get up to in their new show India boat accident toll rises to 26, more dead feared E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study Second Gauteng police officer shot dead in a week Burkina Faso come back to hold Cameroon African minnows Guinea Bissau snatch shock draw against Afcon hosts Gabon Proteas remain 3rd on ICC rankings despite whitewash of Sri Lanka Sundowns responds to Dolly's father and questions his motives in player's bitter contractual dispute SA wrap up innings victory to white wash Sri Lanka 26 killed as Yemeni forces push rebels back Germany's Merkel warns Trump against protectionism 30 dead as IS attacks city in east Syria: monitor Move to lift Sudan sanctions came after Trump approval, months of talks Mon Jan 16 05:58:45 SAST 2017 Scientists find new organ in the gut Home Sci-Tech Article Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 AFP | 2017-01-08 11:02:59.0 The new iPhone 7 smartphone goes on sale inside an Apple Inc. store in Los Angeles, California, US. Image by: LUCY NICHOLSON / REUTERS The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. Save & Share Tweet Email Print The iPhone -- introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 -- set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone's focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. "Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. "Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity." Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting "infotainment" systems that synch with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. "The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone's daily life," Blau said. The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystalized, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. "It's pretty remarkable what it did," Maxwell said of the iPhone. "We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it." Putting the internet in people's pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialize and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. "It turned the industry on its head," Maxwell said at CES. "It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape." The iPhone powered Apple's money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market. Apple chief executive Tim Cook and other top executives saw their compensation for 2016 cut because internal income targets were missed, according to a filing Friday with US regulators. "The two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels," Apple said in the filing. "These results were below the target performance goals." Apple reported net sales of $215.6 billion for the fiscal year, with an operating income of $60 billion, the filing indicated. Cook's pay will tally $8.75 million as compared with $10.3 million in 2015. His base pay jumped to $3 million from $2 million. Apple's profit in the quarter ending September 24 slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered optimism on company efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. Apple is to release performance figures for the recently ended quarter on January 31. Apple has been working to make more money from services and apps. The iPhone maker said its App Store had its busiest single day ever on New Year's Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season for the online shop. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion from software creations tailored for Apple devices, according to the company. Meanwhile, eyes are on Apple for its next "big thing" in the face of worry that the company lost its innovative mojo with the passing of Jobs in 2011. Rumors of projects in the works include a self-driving car. "I think they will have a next big thing," analyst Blau said. "But the future of the company will rely on smaller innovation. And there is nothing wrong with that kind of a business." Share Tweet SHARE YOUR OPINION If you have an opinion you would like to share on this article, please send us an e-mail to the Times LIVE iLIVE team. In the mean time, click here to view the Times LIVE iLIVE section. Most Popular Today This Week 1 ‘As soon as the car stops‚ you get out - now’ – man tells family as another Ford Kuga catches alight 2 Ghana look to end 35-year Africa Cup of Nations drought 3 Terry Pheto shows off curves in costume: I love all of me 4 Jazz legend Thandi Klaasen has died 5 Woman shoots three children before turning gun on herself 1 ‘VRRPHAA FS’ owner is a public safety and transport official in Welkom 2 WATCH: Joburg family robbed at gunpoint as they arrive home from OR Tambo Airport 3 AKA’s not ashamed to show off his money, experts warn of the pitfalls of financial splurging 4 Pastor Mboro gives Kenny Motsamai cash for a car wash as he walks free 5 Montpellier make offer for Keagan Dolly that surpasses Sundowns’ amended R25-million buyout clause Read more popular stories Sponsored Links Main Menu News Politics Business Entertainment Life & Style Sci-Tech Consumer Live Sport Food iLive Our Network Sunday Times SowetanLIVE Sunday World BusinessLIVE Business Day Financial Mail Rand Daily Mail Wanted Online BooksLIVE HeraldLIVE DispatchLIVE IgnitionLIVE Social Network Facebook Twitter Instagram Online Services Advertise Online Mobile site RSS Feeds Print Services Advertise in print Subscription Services e-Paper Ezines/Magazines Skills Development SA Schools Collection Professions and Projects Celebrating Women Banker SA African Leader SA Mining Built Empowerment Sunday Times Green SA Home Owner Business Media LIVE Contact Us Contact Details Other Site Map Terms & Conditions Ethics Policy Register of Interests BEE Credentials Times LIVE © Mon Jan 16 05:58:45 SAST 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. X
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! No Flash necessary and runs on all devices. × 88420801 story Apple Could Finally Sell More Devices Than Microsoft In 2017 (computerworld.com) 97 Posted by EditorDavid on Sunday January 08, 2017 @03:34AM from the waning-of-windows dept. Gartner predicts Apple will ship more iOS and macOS devices in 2017 than Windows-powered devices "for the first time this century," and then increase their lead over the next two years. An anonymous reader quotes Computerworld: Gartner predicted that iOS + macOS, unlike Windows, will recover in 2017. Apple's OSes will climb 8% to 268 million this year, add 3% in 2018 to reach 276 million, then increase another 3% in 2019, with that year's device shipment forecast at 285 million. Windows will dip this year, then stagnate for the following two years... The gap between Microsoft and Apple -- 12 million last year, with Microsoft atop -- will widen to 27 million by 2019, advantage Apple. "The global devices market is stagnating," said Gartner analyst Ranjit Atwal in a statement Wednesday. Mobile phone shipments are growing only in emerging markets in the Asia and Pacific markets, Atwal added, and noted that "The PC market is just reaching the bottom of its decline." The PC industry's troubles have affected Microsoft most of all; Windows is almost entirely dependent on PC shipments, which have been stuck in a protracted slump. Future shipments were further hit when Microsoft walked away from the smartphone business last year. The article also points out that even in 2016, Windows devices came in second, and "accounted for approximately 11.2% of the total devices, which overwhelmingly ran Google's Android." os windows android ← Related Links → Google Boosts Python By Turning It Into Go Apple Cites 'Courage' As Reason To Remove 3.5mm Headphone Jack Microsoft Bungles This Week's Windows 10 Anniversary Update Slashdot Asks: Which Windows Laptop Could Replace a MacBook Pro? Apple Releases macOS 10.12 Sierra Open Source Darwin Code Is The C Programming Language Declining In Popularity? Apple Could Finally Sell More Devices Than Microsoft In 2017 More | Reply Login Apple Could Finally Sell More Devices Than Microsoft In 2017 Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 97 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Re: (Score:3, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: Yes yes, you are a very special snowflake who needs special computers. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: Number of fucks given: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Uhhh... yeah it did but right now Apple is asleep at the wheel while Microsoft is actually innovating. The Linux subsystem in Windows 10 is very awesome. As a long time Mac user (12 years) I'm getting ready to go to Windows as sad as that is for me. Re: (Score:2) by swimboy ( 30943 ) writes: And Apple has had a *very* robust BSD subsystem since 2001. I'm so glad you're so excited about the Linux subsystem, my we Mac users have actually been getting work done with BSD tools for the last 15 years. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 3 replies beneath your current threshold. "which overwhelmingly ran Google's Android." (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: And every Android device sold gives Microsoft 5-15 dollars of pure profit because of licensing agreements. Re: (Score:1) by Gr8Apes ( 679165 ) writes: It seems really backwards to be rooting for either apple or Android, since both are walled gardens compared to any PC platform. Have you seen Win10? Re: (Score:2) by Coren22 ( 1625475 ) writes: Last I checked, Microsoft doesn't have to approve every application I run on my Windows computer. I can run any application I want. How is Win10 more restrictive than iOS or Android? When was the last time you were prevented from having root on your PC? Re: (Score:1) by Gr8Apes ( 679165 ) writes: Last I checked, I wasn't forced to download a new OS at the whim of vendors on any of my devices. When was the last time you could turn on your Win10 system and not worry about whether it was the same system as the last time you shut it down while you have an internet connection? Re: (Score:2) by Coren22 ( 1625475 ) writes: What does that have to do with walled garden policies of Apple and Google which prevent you from running whatever apps you want? Forced updates is nothing new, Google does that as well, and I would assume that Apple does as well, but I don't use them. The forced updates were to fix an issue, the enormous issue of zombie PCs from clueless users. Many users ignore updates indefinately because they don't understand the risk, or don't want to deal with them. Microsoft was trying to fix this issue by making Re: (Score:1) by Gr8Apes ( 679165 ) writes: What does that have to do with walled garden policies of Apple and Google which prevent you from running whatever apps you want? Forced updates is nothing new, Google does that as well, and I would assume that Apple does as well, but I don't use them. What does that have to do with the question posed? That of not being in control of your OS. FYI - MS forces new code on you regardless of your desires, you will get new features, removed functions, bug fixes, and yes, security fixes. To address your question, I run what I want on both my iOS and Android devices. Granted, I'm a dev on both, but hey, not everyone gets to code their cars either.... Re: (Score:2) by Coren22 ( 1625475 ) writes: AC It seems really backwards to be rooting for either apple or Android, since both are walled gardens compared to any PC platform. You Have you seen Win10? Me Last I checked, Microsoft doesn't have to approve every application I run on my Windows computer. I can run any application I want. How is Win10 more restrictive than iOS or Android? When was the last time you were prevented from having root on your PC? ... You What does that have to do with the question posed? That of not being in control of your OS. Question answered by reading the thread. You responded to someone complaining about a walled garden, not about control of the OS. Did you not read what you replied to above? You are the one who seems to be derailing the thread, I pointed that out to you, as MS doesn't have a walled garden, they allow you to run whatever you want on your PC. Re: (Score:1) by Gr8Apes ( 679165 ) writes: Question answered by reading the thread. You responded to someone complaining about a walled garden, not about control of the OS. Did you not read what you replied to above? You are the one who seems to be derailing the thread, I pointed that out to you, as MS doesn't have a walled garden, they allow you to run whatever you want on your PC. If you don't have control of your OS (which you do on your phones at least as far as upgrades go) then you are in a worse position than a walled garden. If you don't see the much graver implications there, you're not seeing the forest for the trees. Re: (Score:2) by Coren22 ( 1625475 ) writes: The question you should be asking than is, "should normal users have control over thier updates", MS's answer to that is no, because they never run them. If you feel that you, as an advanced user, should be given control over your updates, buy the correct version of Windows, the one designed for more advanced users, Windows 10 Pro. No one is losing control of their updates but the people who never controlled them in the first place. If you have issues with MS taking steps towards security that they were Re: (Score:1) by Gr8Apes ( 679165 ) writes: The question you should be asking than is, "should normal users have control over thier updates", MS's answer to that is no, because they never run them. If you feel that you, as an advanced user, should be given control over your updates, buy the correct version of Windows, the one designed for more advanced users, Windows 10 Pro. You get no meaningful control under Win10 Pro either. It's lip service at best. You will still be upgraded, with or without your consent. No one is losing control of their updates but the people who never controlled them in the first place. If you have issues with MS taking steps towards security that they were constantly slammed for in the past, then what is your solution to the problem? How would you handle the majority of users that never run security updates and therefore have zombie PCs and IOT devices participating in botnets? Actually, I could support "forced updates" if that avenue was solely used for necessary security updates for things that were actually on my machine, which only fixed the actual bugs and didn't change behavior nor added anything new to the system. MS has consistently been unwilling to offer such a real security patch set, instead always leveraging updates to add and change 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Phones and computers vs computers? (Score:2, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: I mean, come on. Microsoft isn't even "shipping" these devices in the first place. But since when does comparing apples and oranges to just oranges not make you a joke? Re: Phones and computers vs computers? (Score:4, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Sunday January 08, 2017 @03:50AM (#53627387) To be fair, Microsoft has been making phone software far longer than Apple. Everyone forgets about it though, because it's been shit for 16+ years. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: Phones and computers vs computers? (Score:4, Interesting) by BLToday ( 1777712 ) writes: on Sunday January 08, 2017 @04:33AM (#53627443) Wait, I would say MSFT had a decent mobile OS (relatively) from 2001-2007. I remember at the first iPhone (iOS 1), WM2005 had far more functionality (etc. GPS, apps, handwriting support). WM was better than PalmOS because I moved from the Palm m505 over to the HP iPaq 1910 and then to the GPS iPaq smartphone (don't remember the model number). iPhone didn't get gps support until the iPhone 3G. So MSFT only screwed up the last 10 years of mobile development. It's the tortoise and hare problem. MSFT exceeded features and crushed the existing competitions (Palm, Netscape, Lotus, WordPerfect) and then sat around getting pass by new competitions (iOS, Android, Chrome). Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by dunkelfalke ( 91624 ) writes: Yep, I liked my WM phones as well, starting with the very first XDA and ending with HTC HD2 (although the latter wasn't as comfortable to use as expected due to the bloody capacitive display). Some functionality was way better than even on current android phones. Re: (Score:2) by Coren22 ( 1625475 ) writes: (although the latter wasn't as comfortable to use as expected due to the bloody capacitive display) Resistive display? Current phones have capactive displays, and I can't say I have heard them called bloody...unless you are bludgening people with the latest thin phones. Re: (Score:2) by dunkelfalke ( 91624 ) writes: Would you feel better if I call it a "goddamn capacitive display"? HTC HD2 had a capacitive touchscreen and I hated it. I prefer resistive touchscreens, they are much more precise and can be operated with anything. Re: (Score:2) by youngone ( 975102 ) writes: PocketPC and it's descendants are shit That's exactly what I was thinking. Years ago I had the pleasure of supporting a bunch of Nokia (dumb) phones, a couple of iPhones, and about 20 Blackberries. None of them were really much of a problem, except the one idiot manager who insisted on having a windows phone. I was the one lumbered with supported the stupid thing until my boss talked him into getting an iPhone. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: In 1997, Windows CE was the best of the best of the best with honors. Its competition was garbage like Newton and Palm. Not a high bar, but a bar nonetheless. iOS wasn't even an itch in Steve Jobs' left asscheek yet. Android was in a similar place (that is, not even at the "wouldn't it be great?" stage yet). In 2007, Windows Mobile 6 (running on the CE 5.2 kernel) was mature and established. Its competition was Blackberry and the original iPhone (before it had a name for its OS). Android was relatively unhea Re: (Score:1) by D,Petkow ( 793457 ) writes: I second this opinion above me, this comparison about cumulative sales between two companies which core businesses are super different is a bit irrelevant imo Bullshit (Score:5, Interesting) by The Raven ( 30575 ) writes: on Sunday January 08, 2017 @03:46AM (#53627379) Homepage Predictions are not worth the toilet paper they are printed on. Apple has suffered from a lack of progress ever since Jobs died. They are treading water... it took them 5 years to update the MacBook, and what we got was lackluster. 'Predicting' that they will succeed and Microsoft will falter is dubious. The only real winner is Google, with Over 3/4 of the market for device operating systems. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by jblues ( 1703158 ) writes: Fully closed source? All of the Unix-like operating system that sits beneath the UI system of OSX is open source [wikipedia.org]. Re: (Score:3) by Cochonou ( 576531 ) writes: Technically, Mac OS X is not FULLY closed source. Re: (Score:1) by Gr8Apes ( 679165 ) writes: Technically, Mac OS X is not FULLY closed source. Technically, OSX is open source compared to Windows. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: I agree regarding the lack of innovation at Apple. But regarding sales, look at the chart at the bottom of the article. Apple has been catching up to Microsoft, in terms of devices sold, whose OS comes from Apple vs. Microsoft. If Apple's iPhone sales recover this year, then more Apple-OS devices might be sold than Microsoft-OS devices. Re: (Score:2) by ruir ( 2709173 ) writes: Gartner has always been known in the techie world as the king of mumbo jumbo. Their bullshit quadrants are only good to show to PHBs and customers alike. Re: (Score:2) by TheFakeTimCook ( 4641057 ) writes: Gartner has always been known in the techie world as the king of mumbo jumbo. Their bullshit quadrants are only good to show to PHBs and customers alike. Sounds like a typical opinion of someone who's personal opinion doesn't agree with an analysist's. Re: (Score:2) by ruir ( 2709173 ) writes: I would be an analyst too within Gartners parameters: "Grass will be green in two years time, mobile use will increase by 30%, and cars will have round wheels in the future. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Freischutz ( 4776131 ) writes: ... it took them 5 years to update the MacBook, and what we got was lackluster ... Do you mean the new 12" MacBook or the MacBook line in it's entirety? People keep comparing the MacBook to much bigger more powerful laptops and putting it down because it doesn't have the horsepower to run insanely resource intensive stuff like BioShock, Titanfall or Doom (mind you I have hooked my MacBook up to a 4K display and played video without getting so much as a stutter) but that kind of misses the point. If I want to play games I'll buy a console and I don't see the MacBook as a drop in replacemen Re: (Score:2) by TheFakeTimCook ( 4641057 ) writes: A few years back, I caused a commotion. In an Apple Developers Meeting, I simply asked when LabView was returning to OSX, and when it would be available for this new iOS thingy. "Apple does not comment on these matters." was the response. Yet a couple of days later, I got a CD, sent anonymously through the Lab Mail, with pretty much everything included that I could wish for. And so, true development of this Internet happily continues. I was horrified by your comment regarding LabView on OS X, being old enough to remember LabView being Mac-only. It looks like LabView Full and Professional are available for Mac. I assume that means OS X, right? So what were you talking about? 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by TheFakeTimCook ( 4641057 ) writes: Predictions are not worth the toilet paper they are printed on. Apple has suffered from a lack of progress ever since Jobs died. They are treading water... it took them 5 years to update the MacBook, and what we got was lackluster. 'Predicting' that they will succeed and Microsoft will falter is dubious. The only real winner is Google, with Over 3/4 of the market for device operating systems. Show me anyone's laptop which is fundamentally different now than it was in 2013. Re: (Score:2) by lucm ( 889690 ) writes: Show me anyone's laptop which is fundamentally different now than it was in 2013. Even $400 bargain machines at Best Buy have touch screen and/or are convertible. Many models have powerful GPU that are required for VR devices. The Yoga Book keyboard can work as a drawing board. The Razer Blade Stealth has a 4k display and an external plug-in GPU. MSI has a laptop that can track eye movement and use it to control video game cameras. The list goes on but the Macbook is not on it. Re: (Score:2) by Plumpaquatsch ( 2701653 ) writes: Show me anyone's laptop which is fundamentally different now than it was in 2013. Even $400 bargain machines at Best Buy have touch screen and/or are convertibl Which was all the hype in 2013. So what is new again? Re: (Score:2) by lucm ( 889690 ) writes: Show me anyone's laptop which is fundamentally different now than it was in 2013. Even $400 bargain machines at Best Buy have touch screen and/or are convertibl Which was all the hype in 2013. So what is new again? Except for Macbooks, right? As for what else is new, look at the rest of the post you truncated in your reply. Re: (Score:2) by Plumpaquatsch ( 2701653 ) writes: . So what is new again? Macbooks So you finally admt everything you claimed so far is wrong. Well, that's a certainly new. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. No Need to Exaggeate (Score:4, Informative) by Roger W Moore ( 538166 ) writes: on Sunday January 08, 2017 @10:35AM (#53628223) Journal Apple has suffered from a lack of progress ever since Jobs died. They are treading water... it took them 5 years to update the MacBook, and what we got was lackluster. Not entirely correct. After Jobs died they had a year or two of progress before it petered out and it only took they 1.5 years to update the MacBook - but what we got was over expensive crap, not just lacklustre. It is the Mac itself, specifically the Mac Pro, which they have not updated for ~4 years and which they still attempt to sell for full price which is appalling. It is hard to see how this prediction will come true unless there is a surge in iOS devices because at the moment Apple have no mac machines which can compete with PCs and MS is now clearly out innovating them with its surface line. It's bad enough that my next laptop will be the new Dell XPS 15 - the CPU and GPU are both better than the new MacBook pros, it has both USB-C and USB-A (see Apple you can put both on a laptop), the keyboard actually moves, the entire screen is touch-based and it costs $1,000 less. I can't see how Apple will grow with competition like this. macOS may be better then Windows 10 but Windows 10 has improved enormously and you can always use Linux if you need to. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Kjella ( 173770 ) writes: Apple has suffered from a lack of progress ever since Jobs died. They are treading water... it took them 5 years to update the MacBook, and what we got was lackluster. 'Predicting' that they will succeed and Microsoft will falter is dubious. On the other hand they got a friend of mine who hasn't worn a watch since 1998 to buy an Apple Watch. Actually two, first he bought one for his significant other and then he got jealous and bought one for himself. I know anecdotes aren't data, but Apple doesn't have to defend every market they're in as long as they grow new ones. I could see Apple launching a 2-in-1 convertible like the Surface Pro and decide between that and iCloud they don't care much about having any other kind of Mac. It would be enough Re: (Score:2) by David_Hart ( 1184661 ) writes: Apple has suffered from a lack of progress ever since Jobs died. They are treading water... it took them 5 years to update the MacBook, and what we got was lackluster. 'Predicting' that they will succeed and Microsoft will falter is dubious. On the other hand they got a friend of mine who hasn't worn a watch since 1998 to buy an Apple Watch. Actually two, first he bought one for his significant other and then he got jealous and bought one for himself. I know anecdotes aren't data, but Apple doesn't have to defend every market they're in as long as they grow new ones. I could see Apple launching a 2-in-1 convertible like the Surface Pro and decide between that and iCloud they don't care much about having any other kind of Mac. It would be enough for a vast majority of the PC users and the rest would simply be a market Apple won't serve. I'm willing to bet that your friend is an outlier, one of the few who can afford to spend $370 for a watch, not just once but twice. Yes, there is a market for the Apple watch, but it currently isn't anywhere near big enough to push apple device sales to the levels being discussed. As for Apple creating a convertible laptop, why? All they really need to do is create an iPad that runs OSX, but then they would eat into the Mac market. In fact, Time Cook has already said that they wouldn't do this... http: [macrumors.com] Re: (Score:2) by Plumpaquatsch ( 2701653 ) writes: I hate to say this, but this is the perfect time to insert the why is this news, comment. Garner had proven over and over to be useless. Palm readers would be as reliable. That would be news. The news is that Gartner no longer predicts a bright future for Windows Phones. Re: (Score:2) by rtb61 ( 674572 ) writes: Apple does not exist in a vacuum, it does not have to do everything right as long as it's competitors are screwing up more. So Apple did enough to sell people privacy, rather than selling their privacy versus M$'s attitude to people's privacy, it's up for sale to the highest bidder to be manipulated any way they want to. M$ being a pack of arrogant perves means as consumer devices they just come off as really undesirable, the only thing keeping MS Orifice and Windows Probe going are existing customer lock i 3 replies beneath your current threshold. Can we please have $30 a year? (Score:2) by BlueCoder ( 223005 ) writes: No tracking. No gimmicks. Seriously! I know it's not billions but it's at least a 100 million a year. They should have stayed there and been grateful with 50 employees. Absolutely right! (Score:4, Funny) by Gravis Zero ( 934156 ) writes: on Sunday January 08, 2017 @04:27AM (#53627437) The part they are leaving out is that everyone will also be installing Linux on those devices because 2017 is finally going to be the year of the Linux Desktop! ;) Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by lucm ( 889690 ) writes: The biggest mistake Microsoft made with windows phone was charging a license fee for the OS. It should have been free for all manufactures to use. That's a tough business case to make. Microsoft makes around 3 billions a year with Windows Phone. Would they really have a bigger market share if they had given that away? Would it be worth more than 3 billions for them? Look at Windows desktop. They make 12 billions a year just on OEM licenses even though everyone is announcing the Death of PC. Microsoft is a profit machine, year in year out, and this is because they sell stuff they don't give it away. Re: (Score:2) by Yaztromo ( 655250 ) writes: ... more and more PC owners are learning they don't need to ditch their 3 year old computer and can instead opt to upgrade it. SSD, more RAM, and a new graphics card and their old machine is better than new. But they do buy those extras and upgrades... can we count those as device buys? No, because how does Microsoft make any money off someone who upgrades their graphics card and storage, but who doesn't buy a new Windows license? Or did Microsoft start manufacturing graphics cards and SSD's when I wasn't looking? Yaz Re: (Score:2) by vux984 ( 928602 ) writes: No, because how does Microsoft make any money off someone who upgrades their graphics card and storage, but who doesn't buy a new Windows license? Office 365 (slightly tongue in cheek) And maybe a Windows 365 Enterprise subscription (which if it lets a single user put Windows Enterprise (with control over updates, no telemetry, etc etc...) on his gaming desktop, his laptop, and his HTPC... for one price (the same way office 365 works) that might well be alluring to "people who care". While the "people who don't" will run home/pro and suffer Microsoft's "management" of their PC. more and more PC owners are learning they don't need to ditch their 3 year old computer and can instead opt to upgrade it. SSD, more RAM, and a new graphics card and their old machine is better than new. OTOH... more and more mac owners are learning that their new Mac will only e 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Yeah, because their biz is in forced obsolesce (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: Apple has pretty much perfected the passive aggressive forced obsolescence thing. They don't actively force you to upgrade anything. They just make sure you can't downgrade any of their handhelds (unless you take it into the service center, then you're getting upgraded to the latest iOS whether you want it or not- good chance if you've got an older device, this will intentionally cripple it by installing a slower OS). All their software basically requires the latest greatest OS as soon as they're able to pull Re: (Score:3) by David_Hart ( 1184661 ) writes: if you buy an apple gadget it will be supported with apple software for at least 4 years. With 3rd party softwares even longer. My 5 year old desktop (ok now it's 6, also it's an ubuntu AFS server for my apple stuffs) can't install win10. Long gone are the times when you could install m$ software on old hw... Plus if as an IT tech guy you can't buy new gadgets every 4 years then change jobs. Pass down old stuffs to kids. Or to some elderly neighbors. Windows 10 will install perfectly fine on almost any 5/6 year old desktop. My Dad has two generations of my old desktops and they are 7 and 10 years old and they run Windows 10 just fine. Granted, both were upgrades from Windows 7, but it proves that Windows 10 will run on older hardware just fine. For some drivers, you may have to install the Windows NT/2K versions (i.e. turn off driver Signature Verification) and you may have to go through the process of loading them as part of the installation as it may 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3) by lucm ( 889690 ) writes: I believe Microsoft is aware that the device war is lost, they're just milking it while it lasts. But that doesn't mean they stopped innovating; for instance, 5 years ago their cloud offering was a half-baked web Office and a retarded ASP.Net hosting service; now you can run Kafka queues, execute Hadoop jobs or get real-time speech-to-text services. Meanwhile Apple innovation is forcing their customers to buy bluetooth headphones and adding emojis in the chat app. Timberland Homme Pas Chers (Score:1) by zhenbajun ( 4830911 ) writes: timberland Homme [mcgobuytn.com] La scène se déroule, il y a quelques mois, au cur de Paris. Dans la petite et unique boutique Gianvito Rossi, au numéro 40 de la rue du Mont-Thabor, une ribambelle de femmes s’agitent, déambulent autour des étals, essayant dans un joyeux capharnaüm stilettos aux proportions parfaites, sandales plates à la grâce subtile et boots à talons rock juste ce qu’il faut. Certaines repartiront avec, dans leurs shopping bags, plusieurs paires - So? (Score:2) by markdavis ( 642305 ) writes: >"Gartner predicts Apple will ship more iOS and macOS devices in 2017 than Windows-powered devices" So? That includes phones so it is not much of a metric. You want to mop the floor and talk about "devices"? Then count how many devices ship with any form of Linux.... that would DWARF both Apple and MS. Android phones, Chromebooks, DVR's, cars, watches, TV's, tablets, routers, appliances, servers, etc, etc. When you look at that, Apple and MS are both just drops in an ocean. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Easy since MS doesn't really make devices! (Score:2) by HalAtWork ( 926717 ) writes: Shouldn't this have always been the case? MS makes software and sells services, their focus isn't really on devices, they let third parties do that Fuck them. (Score:2) by azav ( 469988 ) writes: I know I'm not buying any. I don't want a thinner MacBook. I want one I can upgrade. I don't want a dongle laden iPhone. I want a mother fucking headphone jack. Honestly, the new MacBooks are shit. I buy used MacBooks from 2012 and upgrade the components and they are fine. Apple is fucking over their customers. And I'm an iOS developer. Finally??? (Score:2) by Carewolf ( 581105 ) writes: What the? Apple is traditionally a hardware company and Microsoft traditionally a software company, even at its lowest sales in the 90s Apple always sold more than Microsoft, beating zero is really easy. 14 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1368 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 1058 commentsTwitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules 982 commentsAsk Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? 978 commentsTwitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts 832 commentsWhy Does Twitter Refuse To Shut Down Donald Trump? next Is The C Programming Language Declining In Popularity? 285 comments previous Google Boosts Python By Turning It Into Go 129 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 97 of 97 loaded Submit Story Regarding astral projection, Woody Allen once wrote, "This is not a bad way to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage." FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology » Gadgets ﻿ Best gadgets coming in 2017 By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Monday, January 9, 2017 - 09:56 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: 2017 is going to unveil more new gadgets upping the convenience factor. Some of the launches expected are of the following: Apple iPhone 8 As per media reports, Apple may sneak in major changes in its next flagship to mark the iPhone’s 10th anniversary in 2017. What s being speculated that the liquid-crystal LCD display may get swapped by OLED display (organic light-emitting diodes) OLED displays are known to be thinner, lighter, and more flexible than LCDs. Samsung’s Galaxy Edge phones sport a similar design and have been called gimmicky; Apple is also making the phone sensitive to touch on any of its sids instead of just one. Samsung Galaxy S8 The next flagship from Samsung will have a tough job to p[lease all those who were disillusion by the notorious Galaxy Note 7. Leaked photo reveals curved gold handset - and no home button  The upcoming Galaxy S8 is expected to be unveiled at the Mobile World Congress at Barcelona from February 27-March 2. The phone will feature a new virtual personal assistant based on technology from an AI and assistant system Viv, which it acquired in October. Viv was co-founded by Dag Kittlaus, Adam Cheyer and Chris Brigham — who created Siri, which was acquired by Apple in 2010. The S8 is also expected to be powerpacked with an extremely high-resolution “4K” display, a second rear camera, and possibly an iris scanner for an added layer of security. Foldable Samsung phone Samsung is expected to release its most awaited foldable smartphone, which it is working on for years.  Dubbed the Galaxy X for now, the foldable device would let you read and view content on a tablet-sized screen that could convert to a smartphone-like size for convenient transport. Though other companies like Lenovo, Oppo have also created dual-screen and foldable smartphones, but none have released the device commercially. Microsoft Surface phone CEO Satya Nadella's the “ultimate mobile device” could be the first of a Surface series phone, which is expected in 2017. The device is expected to offer the latest and most innovative use of the Windows 10 Mobile operating system. As per leaked pics, it has a metal body to match Microsoft’s other Surface devices and run the Windows 10 OS through an emulator, if connected to an external keyboard, monitor, and mouse. Android Wear 2.0 smart watches Smart watches based on Android Wear 2.0, an updated version of Google’s Android operating system are expected to be launched in mid-2017. The watches are expected to allow users download and run apps on their watches via Bluetooth, cellular connection, or Wi-Fi, without relying on tethered connections from their smartphones, iPhone owners could use Android Wear devices.   First Published: Sunday, January 8, 2017 - 13:56 More from zeenews   India Top ministers, Army chief review Manipur situation Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections: Akhilesh Yadav-led SP, Congress, RLD may form Bihar-style grand alliance 69th Army Day celebrations - In Pics More from India World Donald Trump's team denies report of summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plans fail 44 jailed for mafia-style crime in China More from World Sports Indian hockey is back to top once again, feels British midfielder Ashley Jackson I-League: Super-sub Karan Sawhney's late strike does it for Mumbai FC Gold for Haryana girl Neeraj as Indian pugilists shine at Nations Cup More from Sports Entertainment My fashion sense was quite outrageous: Kangana Ranaut If stars take political stand, their bread & butter is hit: Gul Panag Sidharth Malhotra to ring in birthday with friends More from Entertaiment Health Life span of gall bladder cancer patients can improve: Doctors Children whose parents think they are overweight may gain weight as they grow older! Want to live longer? Eating red chilli may extend lifespan More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Exclusive: Para SF of Indian Army - The specialised combat force! Haryana Minister Anil Vij takes back his insulting comments against Gandhi Watch: Makar Sankranti celebrations across the country Faqir Gujri: Frozen village in J&K with no electricity and water 24 dead after boat carrying 40 capsizes in river Ganga in Patna; many still missing Abhishek Bachchan reveals the moment when Aishwarya Rai said 'yes' to him India vs England, 1st ODI: As it happened... Pakistani Hulk, Arbab Khizer Hayat, intends to become a WWE wrestler just like The Great Khali - VIDEO Aditya Roy Kapur breaks silence over Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif relationship! India vs England, Pune ODI: MS Dhoni still the boss; convinces Virat Kohli with spot on DRS call — WATCH TAGS gadgets launch 2017 Surface phone launch iPhone 8 launch Samsung Galaxy 8 launch CEO Satya Nadella Photos On the red carpet for jiofilmfareawards- Shamita Shetty; Ready for my mug- Jacqueline Fernandez Jallikattu event organised despite ban; Om Puri's son Ishaan immersed his ashes Boat full of people capsized in Patna Top Videos BJP may announce its first list of candidates for UP elections today 24 dead after boat carrying 40 capsizes in river Ganga in Patna; many still missing Dr Subhash Chandra Show: What characteristics define a true leader? Haryana Minister Anil Vij takes back his insulting comments against Gandhi More from other Sections Australian Open 2017: Simona Halep knocked out in first round by America's Shelby Rogers Australia Open: Roger Federer, Angelique Kerber in the spotlight on day one in Melbourne Salman Khan - Katrina Kaif will clash with Ranbir Kapoor – Here’s why Priyanka Chopra talks about men in India and abroad on ‘Koffee With Karan’ Exercise may boost brain activity, memory in elderly For your heart, depression may be as risky as obesity and cholesterol contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Mobile Computing iphone iPod-inspired AcornOS could have powered the original iPhone By Shawn Knight on Jan 7, 2017, 6:46 PM TechSpot iOS, the interface that powers virtually every Apple mobile device on the market today, wasn’t the only operating system that Apple considered for the original iPhone. In Steve Jobs’ presentation of the iPhone in 2007, he teased a slide showing an image of an iPod with a rotary dial – an iPod with a phone built in. It got lots of laughs from the audience but the reality is, the iPod’s iconic click wheel and user interface was at one point up for consideration for use on its inaugural mobile phone. AcornOS, the codename for that iPod-inspired prototype UI, has only been seen by a handful of eyes… that is, until now. Leak specialist Sonny Dixon has published exclusive photos and videos of AcornOS in all its glory. While it’s not known just how far into the consideration process AcornOS made it, I think we can all agree that Apple made the right decision by eliminating it from the running. Found is a TechSpot feature where we share clever, funny or otherwise interesting stuff from around the web. All media courtesy Sonny Dixon Related Reads Apple's iPod touch refresh brings it in line with the iPhone 6 FBI agrees to help unlock iPhone and iPod in Arkansas murder case Apple releases iOS 7.1 for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch with new features, visual tweaks and more 1 comment 74 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Apple celebrates the tenth anniversary of the iPhone For every Samsung device activated during the holidays, Apple had two Apple could release a 5-inch iPhone 's' model with dual vertical cameras next year Product Finder scores 88 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 86 Apple iPhone 7 84 Apple iPod Touch 5G Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 24 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Make in India iPhones: Apple to meet inter-ministerial group on Jan 25 Make in India iPhones: Apple to meet inter-ministerial group on Jan 25 Apple has asked for several tax and other incentives, including long-term duty exemptions, to enter the manufacturing sector in India. By: PTI | New Delhi | Updated: January 9, 2017 8:53 am Apple has asked for several tax and other incentives, including long-term duty exemptions, to enter the manufacturing sector in India. A team of the US-based iPhone maker Apple will meet a group of senior officials from ministries, including IT and finance, on January 25 to discuss its demands for setting up a manufacturing unit in the country. Officials from departments of commerce, industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), revenue, environment and forest, electronics and information technology (DeITY) will take part in the deliberations. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives, including long-term duty exemptions, to enter the manufacturing sector in India. However, the sources said the technology major should set up the manufacturing unit in India without seeking additional support. As many as 42 companies are making mobile phones in India, including Chinese firm Huawei and Xiaomi, and no firm has approached the government for any additional incentives. Currently, the government provides support by way of benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) to boost electronic manufacturing. The scheme offers financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in special economic zones, among other benefits. Also read: Made in India iPhones: Govt not keen on Apple’s demand for tax incentives Apple’s products are manufactured in six countries, including Korea, Japan and the US. Earlier, the finance ministry in May had rejected relaxing the 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms as sought by the iPhone and iPad maker as a pre-condition of bringing in FDI to set up single-brand retail stores in the country. The company had sought exemption on the ground that it makes state-of-the-art and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had also turned down the firm’s proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. The government has announced incentives to promote electronic manufacturing in India and reduce the import bill. Tags: Apple Best of Express Meghalaya sex scam: Guest-house run by Home Minister’s son under probe EntertainmentOk Jaanu box office collection day 3: Aditya Roy Kapur, Shraddha Kapoor film struggles to hold ground EntertainmentxXx Return of Xander Cage box office collection day 2: Deepika Padukone-Vin Diesel film expected to earn well EntertainmentKoffee With Karan: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sonam Kapoor turn Karan Johar's show into a mini kitty party EntertainmentHappy Birthday Sidharth Malhotra: As Sidharth Malhotra turns 32, here are facts about him we bet you didn't know. See pics, videos Must Read SportsKohli, Kedar hit magical tons to script sensational win SportsThis win is going to take a while to sink in, says Kohli SportsVirat Kohli leaves Twitterati awe-struck after century TechnologyLenovo invite for MWC 2017 hints Moto G5 Plus might launch soon TechnologyNokia could be developing a foldable smartphone, hints patent TechnologyFormer Android chief Andy Rubin to release a high-end, AI-focused smartphone  Sonam Kapoor, Frieda Pinto, Pooja Hegde: Best and worst dressed Bollywood divas at Filmfare Awards 2017 Jan 16: Latest News South Korea political crisis escalates as Samsung chief awaits fate Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s late strike helps Manchester United hold Liverpool to 1-1 draw Facebook announces new measures to curb ‘fake news’ in Germany Happy Birthday Sidharth Malhotra: As Sidharth Malhotra turns 32, here are facts about him we bet you didn’t know. See pics, videos Turkish Airlines cargo jet crash kills 16 in Kyrgyzstan                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple iOS over the last 10 years Apple launched the first iPhone running iPhone OS 1 in 2007. Ten years later and iOS has evolved to become a powerful and capable enterprise mobile operating system. By Matthew Miller for The Mobile Gadgeteer | January 7, 2017 -- 17:33 GMT (09:33 PST) | Topic: Mobility Uncover some of the cool new features hidden in iOS 10. It's been nearly 10 years since I camped out in the rain to purchase the original Apple iPhone. We've seen the iPhone go from a MP3 player feature phone to a full blown handheld computer that is finding its way throughout the enterprise market. At my engineering consulting firm, we have a BYOD policy with IT control limited to Exchange. Nearly every associate uses an Apple iPhone with a large number using the fantastic Microsoft Outlook client for email and calendar management. iPhone 7 Plus review Perfecting the 6s Plus with water resistance, dual cameras,lightning performance The iPhone 7 Plus is the best iPhone, as it should be. Read More It's interesting to see that Microsoft helps make the iPhone a great business phone when 10 years ago it was Microsoft that had much of the enterprise market share with Windows Phone. Apple is committed to business support as you can clearly see on the iPhone in business website. It's been an evolution in iOS over the last decade that brought us to where we are today, so let's take a look back and see what Apple offered along the way. iPhone OS 1 When Apple released the first version of the iPhone, the operating system didn't have a name until the SDK was released in March 2008. Prior to that it was referred to as a mobile version of OS X. The first version of the iPhone operating system was so limited it didn't even have an app store or any way to add third party apps. The core OS provided the essential apps, such as a phone dialer, messaging client, notes, web browser, music player, clock, calculator, and a few more apps. Email was limited to IMAP and POP so it was clear this first iPhone was clearly focused on the consumer and not the enterprise market. You also had to activate and sync the iPhone with iTunes, which is not an enterprise application. iPhone OS 2 The first thing many of us in business noticed immediately was the support for Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync (EAS). Support was still a bit limited, but at least email, calendar, contacts and global address lookup were supported. The major feature of iPhone OS 2 was the introduction of the App Store with third party applications. Businesses could create applications and begin to optimize the iPhone for work purposes. There was no encryption yet in the operating system, so the iPhone still had a ways to go to compete with BlackBerry. Configuration profiles were introduced by Apple, which meant that your IT department could have more control on the setup and management of the device. iTunes was still required for activation so iPhone OS 2 wasn't a complete enterprise success. iPhone OS 3 As a long time user of various PDAs starting in 1997, it was funny to many of us mobile device enthusiasts that the big new feature of iPhone OS 3 was copy and paste since other mobile operating systems had it for years. Copy and paste was important to businesses though as a way to improve efficiency in communications and collaboration. The first attempt at encryption was provided with iPhone OS 3. Encryption features in this release included the ability for restrictions in configuration profiles and encrypted backups. Another important aspect of iPhone OS 3 was the release of the first Apple iPad with iOS 3.2. The iPad has since proven to be an important tool for businesses over the years. iOS 4 Apple changed the name of its mobile operating system to iOS with version 4.0 in June 2010. iOS 4 provided the ability for IT departments to manage iPhones wirelessly over-the-air (OTA). This convenience was an important step towards making the iPhone a more attractive business option with a much easier way to manage the iPhone remotely and give better control of the iPhone to companies. iPad iOS 4.2: Top business features SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 13 NEXT PREV Another important element for the enterprise user was the addition of multi-tasking so that one could easily bounce between multiple apps quickly. iOS 5 In 2011 we saw iOS 5 launch and finally no longer had to use iTunes to activate and manage the Apple iPhone. Apple also launched the volume purchasing program and a custom B2B program as a way to attract the enterprise. ZDNet's Eric Lai provided the details on what iOS 5 brought to the enterprise. Features included a more useful lock screen, iCloud backup, and iMessage encryption. Siri was also introduced in iOS 5. It didn't launch with many enterprise features, but it could save you time in performing some core tasks. iOS 6 IT departments were used to company-wide image deployments for PCs and with iOS 6 this was now possible with the Apple iPhone. iOS 6: Hands-on walkthrough SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 34 NEXT PREV The US Department of Defense approved the use of iOS 6. Back in 2013, there were a reported 470,000 BlackBerry devices and just 41,000 Apple mobile devices in use by the DOD so this approval was a major win for Apple. iOS 7 In 2013, we saw the focus on business continue to be a significant part of the iOS release. A ZDNet post from 2013 listed seven enterprise security improvements that included Find My Phone, Touch ID, per app VPNs, improved MDM services, and more. iOS 8 ZDNet's Charles McLellan stated Apple described iOS 8 as the biggest release since the App Store. There was a lot for consumers and developers in iOS 8, including Apple Health, improvements in Messages and Photos, Swift development language, public beta releases, and more. What's right (and wrong) with iOS 8 SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 9 NEXT PREV Enterprise features included ability to sign and encrypt messages via S/MIME, more powerful MDM capabilities, corporate document control, and more. iOS 9 Kevin Tofel wrote about the new device management aspects of iOS 9. Apple also new device restriction options in iOS 9, including support for Apple Watch. A couple new enterprise features in the iOS 9.3 update that were discussed in ZDNet's Liam Tung's March 2016 article include IT admin control over the home screen and the ability to blacklist apps. These tools give businesses more control over devices they issue so that the focus is on work and not play. iOS 10 iOS 10 is clearly focused on the enterprise market with further integration of business services into the OS. For example, with Cisco Spark one can now have calls routed to both the iPhone and desk phone. This gives the employee the opportunity to choose where to answer the call while also having a consolidated record of calls. iOS 10: 'Power User' tips and tricks SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 12 NEXT PREV On a recent marine salvage case, I flew in the copilot seat of a chartered flight and saw the pilot use the iPad as an essential navigation tool that also powered some background music as we flew through the skies of British Columbia. It's clear that iOS is now a critical component to many successful businesses. Take a look through the films and stories of Apple iOS products in action. The examples include the construction industry, financial institutions, airline services, marine navigation, medical field, farming, retail sales, and more. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Telcos Optus boosts WA coverage with satellite small cells Mobility LG touts upcoming G6's safety with 'heat pipes' Mobility iPhone 10th, CES 2017, wearables, and headsets (MobileTechRoundup show #388) Mobility Samsung Display ad could suggest Galaxy S8 design × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Sunday Comics: Flying Monster Guy Tree Of Life One Guy Is Making His Own Street Fighter Movie Proof That The Creators Of Batman: The Animated Series Knew What They Were Doing From The Start Esports Speedrunners Race Their Own Hellish Creations With Super Dram World Miami Heat's Esports Partner Gets Counter-Strike Team Following Labour Dispute Unlikely Street Fighter III Character Wins First Major Tournament The First Big Dota 2 Tournament Goes To Digital Chaos Xbox Here's The Ship In Mass Effect Andromeda, Minus The People The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station The New Red Xbox One Controller Looks Like A Lolly And I Want To Eat It Confirmed: A Mega Bloks Halo Game Was In Development PlayStation LEGO City Undercover Gets Announced For The Switch Mighty No. 9 Is Better When You're Watching Someone Else Play Sony Shuts Down Guerrilla Cambridge, Maker of RIGS Horizon: Zero Dawn New Trailer Shows Off More Than We Can Handle Nintendo Everything We Learned About The Nintendo Switch Community Review: The Nintendo Switch Here's A Little More Footage From Super Mario Odyssey Let's Talk About Princess Zelda's New Look PC Crazy Stunt Brings Rocket League To Grand Theft Auto V Neopets Is Rotting Away Visual Novel Lets You Pretend To Be A Jane Austen Character The Best Quest In Dragon Age: Origins Was All About Dwarves And Politics Mobile Samsung Galaxy Note7's Recall Rate Is 95 Per Cent Titanfall Mobile Game Dies Before It Truly Lived  That Nintendo Switch Lookalike Android Tablet Might Come To Australia How Your Apple Watch Becomes A Tiny Apple Computer In Real Life The Last Of Us Remade In Giant LEGO Build Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle I Want To Play Zelda: Breath Of The Wild With The Japanese Voiceover Ask Dr NerdLove: I Wish I Were A Little Bit Taller Retro 25 Years Ago, Mega Man 4 Changed The Series Forever ScribbleTaku Original Turok N64 Source Code Found On Ancient Development Hardware Speedrunners Tear Through The Original Final Fantasy Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Everything We Learned About The Nintendo Switch The Last Of Us Remade In Giant LEGO Build 25 Years Ago, Mega Man 4 Changed The Series Forever Sunday Comics: Flying Monster Guy How Your Apple Watch Becomes A Tiny Apple Computer Andrew Liszewski Jan 8, 2017, 5:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  apple apple watch ces 2017 elgato w3 stand Share Turning the Apple Watch on its side while it's charging overnight puts it in Nightstand Mode so you can always see the time. But with Elgato's amusing new W3 stand, instead of a tiny alarm clock, your Apple Watch becomes a miniature replica of the original Macintosh computer on your bedside table. Made of soft silicone so it won't scratch or mar either version of the Apple Watch, the W3 stand features a slot to hold the wearable on its side, and a cable pass-through for the induction charging dock, which you'll need to provide. For just $US14 ($19), available in black or white, it's a fun accessory, particularly for anyone who eats, sleeps and breathes everything Apple-related. But if Apple allowed for third-party watch faces on its wearable, this tiny Macintosh could even be made to look like it was running an equally tiny version of MacOS. If there was ever a good reason for Apple to implement that feature, this is it. This story originally appeared on Gizmodo Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now I Want To Play Zelda: Breath Of The Wild With The Japanese Voiceover Mark Serrels 16 Jan 2017 11:30 AM Watching the new Zelda trailer live on the Switch presentation was pretty incredible. The art, the vistas, the explosions, the new character designs. The voiceovers. Here Are Some Of The Switch Games To Expect This Year Heather Alexandra 14 Jan 2017 12:30 PM The Nintendo Switch is coming very soon and there's a lot of games on the horizon. Here's a list of all the games that have been announced for this year and when they are coming. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Kotaku's Static Podcast: The Interviews Kotaku's Static Podcast: Are Game Reviews Redundant Or Important? Kotaku's Static Podcast: Does eSports Have An Image Problem? Trending Articles 1 I Want To Play Zelda: Breath Of The Wild With The Japanese Voiceover 2 Here Are Some Of The Switch Games To Expect This Year 3 Everything We Learned About The Nintendo Switch 4 Speedrunners Race Their Own Hellish Creations With Super Dram World 5 Neopets Is Rotting Away NBC's Powerless Breaks The Canon With A Stupid Wayne Cousin Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Why Software Fixes Are Sometimes Called A 'Patch' Apple AirPods: Australian Review Crazy Stunt Brings Rocket League To Grand Theft Auto V Everything We Learned About The Nintendo Switch The Last Of Us Remade In Giant LEGO Build 25 Years Ago, Mega Man 4 Changed The Series Forever The Correct Way To Store Different Food Types In Your Kitchen [Infographic] 25 Facts About The Science Of Fitness You May Not Know Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? The Multipurpose Gaming, Music, And Work Space Kogan.com shares are on a tear after strong Christmas sales Chinese commodity futures are exploding higher as iron ore goes limit up Energy business Duet has agreed to a $7.37 billion takeover bid from HK billionaire Li Ka-shing These charts show traders continue to believe in the Donald Trump 'reflation trade' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 34° F Mostly Cloudy Wind NNW at 2 MPH Pressure 1015 MB Dewpoint 28° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Brave new iWorld iPhone turns 10 and continues to integrate itself into our lives Jeremy Marshall holds an original iPhone, left, and the newest version, the iPhone 7 Plus, at his office at Grand Junction Smartphone Repair, 300 Main St., No. 201. Marshall is the owner/technician of the business. The iPhone marks its 10th birthday on Monday. Jeremy Marshall of Grand Junction Smartphone Repair displays various iPhones from newest to oldes. From left to right are the iPhone 7 Plus, the 6, the 5S, the 4S, the 3 GS, the 3G and the original iPhone. By Rachel Sauer Saturday, January 7, 2017 The day begins when the iPhone says it does — not because it’s the boss of him, necessarily, but because it’s his alarm clock. The waking up doesn’t have to be ugly or unpleasant; it could happen to any of the 311 songs nestled in the 32 gigs of memory. There are options, is the point, including a swipe of the finger to get a pre-set amount of snooze time. And another swipe, and maybe another still, though there are apps that can limit the amount of snoozing and make the alarm louder and more unpleasant. So, yes, it’s a brave new world. Then into the shower, where a Bluetooth speaker on the bathroom counter does its thing with the iPhone and plays music to get clean by. And the day isn’t even half an hour old. And 10 years ago, who would have thought? Ten years ago tomorrow — Jan. 9, 2007 — Steve Jobs stood on a stage as the keynote speaker at the Macworld Conference & Expo in San Francisco and said, “This is a day I’ve been looking forward to for two and a half years. Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything.” Talk about prophetic. Jobs baited the hook by saying Apple was introducing three revolutionary products that day: a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a mobile phone and an internet communications device, and then the zinger: “These are not three separate devices. This is one device and we are calling it iPhone. Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone.” Yes, 10 years of the iPhone, so that Keegan Dix could, in his first week of classes at Colorado Mesa University, write essays as he walked to class. It’s not just about alarm clocks and music in the shower. “I love how easy it is to use,” said Dix, 22, a junior studying environmental science. “The accessibility, being able to multi-task, the streamlined design.” Then there’s the small matter of absolutely and completely changing the world. “For individuals, the iPhone is turning humans into always-on, all-knowing beings,” wrote Brian Chen, lead technology reporter for The New York Times, in his 2012 book “Always On.” “Data has become so intimately woven into our lives that it’s enhancing the way we engage with physical reality,” Chen wrote. “Thus, the physical and digital worlds are coalescing to turn us into the super-connected beings we’ve always dreamed of being — and it took just one ‘phone’ to push the industry in this direction.” Even though Apple is seeing its share of the global smartphone market declining — iPhones had 12.9 percent share of the global smartphone market in 2016, down from 14.6 in 2015, according to Gartner research — it still enjoys a ubiquity on par with, say, Band-Aid or Kleenex: “Can I borrow your iPhone for a sec?” “Actually, it’s a Samsung.” “You know what I mean.” In 2011, Popular Mechanics magazine ranked the 101 gadgets that changed the world, things such as the light bulb and dry cell batteries and duct tape. No. 1? The smartphone, ahead of television, radio and the personal computer. To justify the choice, Popular Mechanics editors wrote, “With origins tracing back to Finland and Japan in the ‘70s, mobile phones have fast become the most widely used gadgets in the world. The first billion units sold in 20 years, the second billion in four and the third billion in two. By the end of 2010, the subscription rate stood at 5 billion, or 75 percent of all people on earth.” According to 2015 Pew Research Center data, the most recent available, 72 percent of all U.S. adults now have a smartphone — 92 percent of 18- to 34-year-olds have them, and 65 percent of those 35 and older. And no, the iPhone wasn’t the first smartphone. That debatable distinction usually goes to the early ‘90s IBM Simon, which cost $899, featured a stylus touch screen and only worked in 15 U.S. states. But when the iPhone became available to consumers in June 2007, it leapfrogged the likes of the Palm Treo and the MotoQ to essentially put a miracle into the pockets and purses of anyone who had $500 and an AT&T calling plan. Suddenly, Chen wrote, people were living “the anything-anytime-anywhere future.” “In many ways,” he wrote, “the iPhone is the first gadget to come close to fulfilling our dream of the perfect device — the one that does it all.” For Max Lindqvist, 20, a CMU student from Sweden, that means “calling, texting, social media, photos (the iPhone has a beautiful camera), games, email, music, notes and reminders, calendar, weather, workout.” He has used an iPhone since the 4 and currently has the 7, as well as an iPad, Apple watch and Mac computer. It creates a nice, streamlined technological synergy, he said, but “I feel like we need to find the balance of how to use technology so that it turns into a tool instead of a burden.” There have been books and studies and endless essays written about this, everyone weighing in on What Technology Is Doing to Us, and it seems that the smartphone, with the iPhone representing the technology, gets the most fingers pointed at it. “It’s ‘The Matrix,’ the red pill and the blue pill,” said Jeremy Marshall, owner of Grand Junction Smartphone Repair (grandjunctioniphonerepair.com). “We’ve integrated ourselves around technology instead of the other way around.” However, he is quick to add that as a small business owner he is dependent on his  iPhone, and has been using one since 2011. He does billing, tracks shipments, communicates with customers, does marketing and social media all on his iPhone, sometimes at his desk but sometimes not. It is, essentially, a mobile office. And gaming set-up. And photo studio. And car starter. And weather prognosticator. And drone lander. And barcode scanner. And guitar tuner. And ... Samsung may now dominate global smartphone sales, but iPhone unlocked the door. Plus, according to comScore data, iPhones have about 43 percent of the U.S. smartphone market to Samsung’s 28. So, the iPhone ushered in the ubiquity of the smartphone, with some futurists and technologists and even physicians now theorizing that the technology is rewiring the human brain, let alone everything else from social interaction to business to love. “I feel like I am not as socially competent as I would be in a non-technology society,” Lindqvist said. “It’s no question that around a table or at parties it’s a way to escape from awkward situations and it prevents you from really having to engage with people. I would rather engage with people, but I see in many situations I just pull up my phone to make it easier.” But at the same time, he said, he couldn’t give it up. Dix echoed the sentiment, expressed by many smartphone owners: “I don’t have to have it with me all the time, I’m not completely attached to it, but ... if I go to school without it, it feels empty.” And it’s not just the Direc- TV streaming or the “War Dragons” game he plays when things are slow at work. A while back he got kicked out of his apartment and had just two days to find a place to live, “so on my phone I used Facebook, I was asking Siri for directions as I was driving to places to look at, I was able to do everything I needed within a day or two.” All this on the thing in his hand, smaller than a postcard, sleek but unassuming, and a mere 10 years into a changed world. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Assistant Manager - Auxiliary Custodial Services Assistant Manager – Auxiliary Custodial ServicesReporting t... Independent Contractor BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapers as an Indep... Rn, Lpn Or Ma 4-5 days/week in Medical Specialty office w/benefits.Experience r... Lead Operations Supervisior UPS Freight is looking for a Lead Operations Supervisor in Grand ... Part-time Lecturers Seeking Qualified Agriculture Finance (AGRS 208)Qualifications: M... Multiple Positions At Gj Subaru & Volkswagen We are GROWING. Now Hiring! Due to the overwhelming growth of Western Col... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Share 7 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-15 The Best New Podcasts Of 2016 Entertainment 2017-01-15 Here Are Eight Of The Best Netflix Movies And Series That Are Overlooked Entertainment 2017-01-15 EXO, BTS Big Winners In 31st Golden Disk Awards, Bangtan Boys Prep For Upcoming Album Next Month Entertainment 2017-01-14 ‘The Wizard Of Lies’: See Robert De Niro As Bernie Madoff In Teaser For New HBO Movie [Video] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-15 ‘Scalebound’ Cancellation: Was ‘ReCore’ Not Selling Up To Microsoft’s Expectations The Reason The Xbox One Exclusive Was Cancelled? [Opinion] Opinion 2017-01-15 Trump Inauguration Date Nears: Is United States Ready For Changes To Healthcare, Immigration, And Russian Relations Under Donald Trump Administration? [Opinion] News 2017-01-15 Milo Yiannopoulos Deal Puts Simon & Schuster In Hot Water With Current Authors News 2017-01-15 D.B. Cooper Shed Tie Before Jumping Out 727: New Technology Links Tie To Boeing Worker? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-01-15 Carmelo Anthony Hints At Possibly Waiving No-Trade Clause — Could A Trade Happen? Wrestling 2017-01-15 ‘WWE SmackDown LIVE’ Preview: Historic Steel Cage Match Set For Championship Main Event Wrestling 2017-01-15 WWE News, Spoilers: Brock Lesnar Is Back And Meet The New ‘Faces Of Raw’ – More ‘Royal Rumble’ Entrants Named Basketball 2017-01-15 NBA Trade Rumors: Would Cleveland Cavaliers Consider A Carmelo Anthony Trade? Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-15 Stress Linked To Increased Heart Attacks And Strokes: Study Suggests It All Starts In Your Head Health 2017-01-15 Woman Killed By Superbug: ‘Pan-Resistant’ Bacteria Now Considered Worldwide Threat To Humans Health 2017-01-15 Marijuana Report Fails To Find Any Real Health Benefits, Cannabis Use May Even Cause Heart Attacks Health 2017-01-15 Does Nutella Cause Cancer? It Might Not, But Palm Oil Isn’t Safe Either Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-15 Microsoft’s New Creators Update To Increase Performance Of Both Windows 10 And Xbox One Gaming 2017-01-15 Is Sony Hiding Developers’ Disappointment With PS4 Pro? Gaming 2017-01-15 Two Games Going Free Tomorrow, January 16, For Xbox Live Gold Members Gaming 2017-01-15 Nintendo Switch Will Release Classic Games Without The NES Classic’s Supply Issues BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Quora User, 17, Claims To Have Caught Dad Snooping In On Sex Story Call While Pleasuring Himself BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 More Trumpgrets: Trump Supporters Who Regret Voting For Him Blast PEOTUS On Twitter, New Site Asks ‘Are You Sorry Yet?’ BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 New Tool Album: Latest Rumor On Upcoming Album Comes From The Governor’s Ball BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Man Forced To Pay Child Support For Cheating Wife’s Love Child SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Steve Jobs iPhone 2017 Birthday Is Here, But Apple Watch Is His True Luxury Fashion Honor Celebrity News 7 0 0 January 8, 2017 Steve Jobs iPhone 2017 Birthday Is Here, But Apple Watch Is His True Luxury Fashion Honor Maryam Louise Steve Jobs is being honored in 2017 due to the 10-year birthday of the iPhone on January 9. Despite the idea that Steve Jobs will be celebrated when the iPhone 8 comes out in 2017, the company he made famous may currently be honoring him with the Apple Watch. Due to Apple’s slipping profits, according to Business Insider, many miss Steve Jobs’ signature leadership style, and some feel his principle of focusing on making a select number of very high-quality products is not being honored. Instead, what might be overlooked is the fact that Apple Watch combines many of Steve Jobs’ important ideas — including luxury fashion. Starting around 2015, Apple established that they were headed toward being a luxury fashion company, according to Time. Steve Jobs was also a fan of luxury fashion, and in many ways, the Apple Watch has become a combination of things Jobs loved. For example, it was also well established by Steve Jobs starting around 2004 when he was first diagnosed with pancreatic cancer that the healthcare industry “needed an overhaul.” Over the years up until his death, Steve Jobs worked on ideas that would streamline data for the healthcare community, and the Apple Watch became an end product in that evolution, according to CNBC. As far as pushing the Apple Watch as a luxury fashion item, Steve Jobs loved expensive watches, and he was well-known for keeping boxes of Porsche watches in his office to use as gifts. Today, the company still sells the $3,000 black titanium watches Steve Jobs loved, according to People. A Steve Jobs’ focus for the luxury fashion side of the Apple Watch could also play out well because he was famed for wardrobe and items such as his glasses and shirts were admired by fans. Other popular fashion accessories that he wore as his personal uniform included New Balance 991 shoes, rimless round glasses, Levi’s denim jeans, and a black polo neck shirt he owned at least 100 copies of. Shown here in 1993, Steve Jobs’ signature style started early in his career. [Image by Kristy Mcdonald/AP Images] While he may have been addicted to New Balance for their comfort, according to GQ, Steve Jobs had a deeper reason behind his choice for eyeglasses. According to INC, Steve Jobs chose the style because it was worn by his personal hero, Mahatma Gandhi. Other luxury fashion items that Steve Jobs favored included the Japanese designer Issey Miyake’s black polo neck turtlenecks paired with a pair of 501 Levi Strauss jeans that Miyake supplied each year to Jobs along with a lifetime supply of the turtlenecks. Regardless, according to NBC Bay Area, Steve Jobs stated that everyone loved his signature style, but not all of his ideas about clothing were accepted at Apple. Steve Jobs revealed this incident when he did interviews for the only authorized biography about him that was released a couple of weeks after he died in 2011. By 1999, the Steve Jobs signature style had been established. [Image by Bebeto Matthews/AP Images] According to Steve Jobs, when he was on a trip to Japan in his early career, he got the idea to make Apple uniforms similar to the type he saw at Sony factories in the 1980s. Although he had Issey Miyake make the uniforms, the Apple employees hated Steve Jobs’ company designer vest idea. Outside of fashion, another angle that Apple Watch could use to honor Steve Jobs would be through charity work. In particular, NY Times notes that Steve Jobs was generous to AIDS/HIV charities, and Apple Insider says Steve Jobs’ family has been “secretly giving away money” to nonprofits for the past 20 years. Outside of Apple and honoring Steve Jobs with a coffee table book, the iPhone 8, or Apple Watch, one much-needed tribute that could come out of 2017 is a movie about Steve Jobs that does not “bomb at the box office.” According to Variety, the 2015 Michael Fassbender movie that portrayed Steve Jobs was high-quality, but did not do very well because “Steve Jobs opened when there [were] almost too many choices for sophisticated audiences.” [Featured Image by Paul Sakuma/AP Images] Now Watch This: Famous Circus Closes After 146 Years Now Read This: Queen Elizabeth Net Worth 2017: Is The Crown’s Kensington Wedding Rental A Bad Sign? Share 7 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Maryam Louise Tags: aids, Apple, Apple watch, celebrities February 20, 2015 ‘Mission: Impossible 5’ On Hold As Director Rethinks The Finale February 20, 2015 Calvin Harris Models Underwear For Emporio Armani [Photos] View full timeline 13 hours ago Apple iPhone 8 And Samsung Galaxy S8 Battle Heats Up 16 hours ago iPhone 8 Specs And Features: Role Of Samsung In The Upcoming iPhone 8 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Paris ‘Whistleblower’ Exhibition Recreates Julian Assange’s Living Quarters At The Ecuadorian Embassy Carmelo Anthony Hints At Possibly Waiving No-Trade Clause — Could A Trade Happen? Shinobia Montoria Wright Photos: 26-Year-Old Woman Crashed Into T-Mobile Store, Hurt Employees [Video] ‘Scalebound’ Cancellation: Was ‘ReCore’ Not Selling Up To Microsoft’s Expectations The Reason The Xbox One Exclusive Was Cancelled? [Opinion] Aaliyah, Natalie Wood, And Whitney Houston: A Look At The Controversies Surrounding Their Deaths Affordable Care Act: Mike Coffman Overwhelmed With Turnout After Op-Ed Ben Affleck Explains How His Batman Is Different To Predecessors Imprisoned ‘LHHNY’ Star Mendeecees Harris Adamant That He Was Not A Drug Dealer, Looking To Have Sentence Reduced Trump Threatens To Slap Massive Tax On BMW Cars Built In Mexico Grace Packer Murder: Mother Charged In Murder And Dismemberment Of Teen Reportedly Fostered 30 Kids Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Democrats Found Out This Week That Bernie Supporters Are Not Going Away Any Time Soon [Opinion] 25.5k 0 0 WWE News: Nearly 1,000-Pound Man Known As ‘Pakistani Hulk’ Looking To Join WWE — Will Triple H Give Him A Chance? 20.6k 0 0 Dreamcatcher, K-pop Rookie Girl Group, Set To Debut With Spooky First Single ‘Chase Me’ — Check Out The Teasers [Video] 7.4k 0 0 Kai Of EXO Cast In KBS K-Drama ‘Andante’ — SM Entertainment K-Pop Idol Confirmed As Male Lead In Drama Opposite Jung Da Bin 5.5k 0 0 My Experience As A LuLaRoe Consultant And Why I’m Getting Out 13.9k 0 0 EXO’s Kai Never Wanted To Be An Idol??? Kpop Star Makes Surprising Revelation In New 2017 Interview, Talks Coping With Ankle Injury 11.1k 0 0 Recent Videos Famous Relationships Bella Hadid Posts Racy Instagram Video Famous Relationships Johnny Depp And Amber Heard Finalize Divorce Celebrity News Natalie Portman Calls Hollywood Gender Bias “Crazy” Celebrity News Caitlyn Jenner Will Support Trump At Presidential Inauguration Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Huawei Honor 4C First Impressions: The feature-rich smartphone has a lot of able competitors By Nimish Sawant 11   Comments ISRO to launch world record 100 satellites in the PSLV-C37 mission scheduled for February By tech2 News Staff 8   Comments Maruti Suzuki Ignis launched in India at Rs 4.59 lakh; aimed at younger audiences By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Privacy protection: India seems to be going the NSA-PRISM way, when it comes to surveillance 2   Comments Sony SRS-X11 Bluetooth Speaker Review: A good, feature-rich but pricey speaker By Nikhil Rastogi 1   Comments more from #Apple What the Apple iPhone 8 needs in 2017 to stay at the top of the smartphone game Apple App store to increase size of tvOS app size from 200MB to 4GB US court rules iPhone users can sue Apple for not allowing installation of apps outside the app store Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple team to meet government panel on 25 January to discuss its plans for manufacturing in India #Apple 0   08 Jan 2017 , 12:18 A team of the US-based iPhone maker Apple will meet a group of senior officials from ministries, including IT and finance, on 25 January to discuss its demands for setting up a manufacturing unit in the country. Officials from departments of commerce, industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), revenue, environment and forest, electronics and information technology (DeITY) will take part in the deliberations. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives, including long-term duty exemptions, to enter the manufacturing sector in India. (Also Read: Apple demands for tax concessions and sops could adversely affect Make In India campaign) However, the sources said the technology major should set up the manufacturing unit in India without seeking additional support. As many as 42 companies are making mobile phones in India, including Chinese firm Huawei and Xiaomi, and no firm has approached the government for any additional incentives. Currently, the government provides support by way of benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) to boost electronic manufacturing. The scheme offers financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives subsidy for investments in special economic zones, among other benefits. Apple’s products are manufactured in six countries, including Korea, Japan and the US. Earlier, the finance ministry in May had rejected relaxing the 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms as sought by the iPhone and iPad maker as a pre-condition of bringing in FDI to set up single-brand retail stores in the country. The company had sought exemption on the ground that it makes state-of-the-art and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had also turned down the firm’s proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. The government has announced incentives to promote electronic manufacturing in India and reduce the import bill. PTI Tags: Apple, Apple India, Apple team, DEITY, DIPP, Huawei, Make In India, Oppo, Samsung, Vivo, Xiaomi Also read Apple will invest about $1 billion in SoftBank’s technology fund Apple CEO Tim Cook gets 15% pay cut following first sales slump in 15 years X Recommended For You What the Apple iPhone 8 needs in 2017 to stay at the top of the smartphone game Apple App store to increase size of tvOS app size from 200MB to 4GB US court rules iPhone users can sue Apple for not allowing installation of apps outside the app store New Apple iPhone to use forged stainless steel and glass, claims leak Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Facebook Jan 15, 2017 Syrian refugee sues Facebook over misinformation that spread on the social network #Nasa Jan 15, 2017 Nasa astronauts install lithium-ion batteries on the ISS after six hour long spacewalk #Snap Jan 15, 2017 Sony CEO Michael Lynton to step down to become Snap board chairman #SpaceX Jan 15, 2017 SpaceX returns to satellite launches with successful Falcon flight #Uber Jan 15, 2017 Uber is pushing for carpooling and ridesharing in India to improve urban mobility SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 By Afp Published: 21:09 EST, 7 January 2017 | Updated: 21:10 EST, 7 January 2017 e-mail The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone -- introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 -- set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. The iPhone 7 - 10 years after the release of the first iPhone, Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder ©Jack Taylor (Jack Taylor/AFP/File) Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone's focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. "Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. "Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity." Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting "infotainment" systems that synch with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. "The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone's daily life," Blau said. - Altered landscape - The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystalized, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. "It's pretty remarkable what it did," Maxwell said of the iPhone. "We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it." Putting the internet in people's pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialize and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. "It turned the industry on its head," Maxwell said at CES. "It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape." The iPhone powered Apple's money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market. - Missed targets - Apple chief executive Tim Cook and other top executives saw their compensation for 2016 cut because internal income targets were missed, according to a filing Friday with US regulators. "The two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels," Apple said in the filing. "These results were below the target performance goals." Apple reported net sales of $215.6 billion for the fiscal year, with an operating income of $60 billion, the filing indicated. Cook's pay will tally $8.75 million as compared with $10.3 million in 2015. His base pay jumped to $3 million from $2 million. Apple's profit in the quarter ending September 24 slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered optimism on company efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. Apple is to release performance figures for the recently ended quarter on January 31. Apple has been working to make more money from services and apps. The iPhone maker said its App Store had its busiest single day ever on New Year's Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season for the online shop. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion from software creations tailored for Apple devices, according to the company. Meanwhile, eyes are on Apple for its next "big thing" in the face of worry that the company lost its innovative mojo with the passing of Jobs in 2011. Rumors of projects in the works include a self-driving car. "I think they will have a next big thing," analyst Blau said. "But the future of the company will rely on smaller innovation. And there is nothing wrong with that kind of a business." People wait outside an Apple store in Santa Monica, California for the release of the first iPhone on June 29, 2007 ©GABRIEL BOUYS (AFP/File) Apple iPhone ©Laurence CHU (AFP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Russia Demands Apple And Google To Remove Blocked LinkedIn From Local App Stores 7 January 2017, 11:35 pm EST By Aaron Mamiit Tech Times Internet In A MinuteNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Russia demanded Apple and Google to take down the app of Microsoft-owned LinkedIn from the country's app stores. LinkedIn's website was blocked by Russia in November of last year, as the service was said to have violated data localization laws.  ( Carl Court | Getty Images ) Advertisement Russia has demanded Apple and Google to take down the app of LinkedIn, the professional social networking website that was blocked in the country last year, from local app stores. The move mirrors China's request for Apple to remove apps by The New York Times from the country's App Store. LinkedIn Taken Down From App Stores In Russia Smartphones users in Russia, whether they are using iOS or Android devices, will no longer be able to download the LinkedIn app after the country's government demanded Apple and Google to remove the app from the Russian versions of the App Store and the Google Play Store. According to a report by The New York Times, the demand of Russia to take down LinkedIn from the country's app stores places Apple and Google in a difficult position, as both of them push for free speech and an open internet, but are being asked to be agents of censorship for the government. The removal of the app from app stores, along with the previous blocking of the website, will not be enough to completely cut off access to LinkedIn's content from within Russia, due to the presence of other methods such as using a VPN. However, the move sends a signal that countries such as Russia and China have the power to demand major tech companies such as Apple and Google to take down apps. Why Was LinkedIn Blocked In Russia? LinkedIn, owned by Microsoft, was blocked in Russia after a court ruling claimed that the professional social networking website violated the country's data laws. According to the data laws of Russia, websites could only store and process personal information of its citizens within Russian servers. LinkedIn, which had more than 6 million users in the country, did not meet this requirement. According to a spokesperson for Roskomnadzor, the regulatory watchdog for communications and IT, LinkedIn did not respond to requests for the relocation of the professional social network's servers to Russia. As such, it was ruled that internet service providers in Russia should block public access to the LinkedIn website. LinkedIn is considered to be the biggest service to have so far been affected by Russia's data laws. However, while the data localization requirements of Russia can be considered as aggressive, the country is just one of 13 countries which implement some form of such a law. The United States is one of these countries, as the government requires partners of the Department of Defense to store their data on local servers. Growing Tension Between Russia And The United States The removal of LinkedIn's apps in the app stores of Apple and Google in Russia will likely contribute to the growing tension between the country and the United States. Just as 2016 was drawing to a close, the United States government officially accused Russia of interfering with the 2016 presidential election through a series of hacking attacks that had the Democratic National Committee as one of its targets. The outgoing Obama administration issued sanctions against two Russian intelligence agencies and expulsions against 35 suspected Russian intelligence operatives. The Russian government, however, decided not to retaliate against the sanctions and expulsions, with President Vladimir Putin saying that the country will instead plan the restoration of relations between the two governments once the Trump administration is seated. TAG Russia, Apple, Google, LinkedIn, App Store, Google Play Store © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles 'Fallout 4' Computer Terminal Screenshot Used By CNN To Show Russian Hacking Russia Chooses Not To Retaliate Against US Over Hacking Allegations And Sanctions U.S. Government Officially Accuses Russia Of Hacking 2016 Election: How Will Moscow Respond? Russia Blocks LinkedIn Following Court Ruling On Violation Of Data Laws Microsoft Defender vs. Kaspersky: Russia Investigates Microsoft Over Antivirus Anticompetitive Practices From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Monday, Jan 16, 2017 | Last Update : 09:29 AM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Technology, In Other News Apple iPhone 8 devices made in India to come at a cheaper price DECCAN CHRONICLE Published Jan 8, 2017, 10:34 am IST Updated Jan 10, 2017, 9:21 am IST Apple plans on setting up its manufacturing factory in Bengaluru and rumours suggest that Made In India iPhone 8 prices may go down.  Apple iPhone 8 devices made in India may be cheaper. Cupertino giant Apple earlier mentioned about plans on setting up a manufacturing plant in Bengaluru. As reported earlier, Taiwanese OEM maker for Apple, Wistron is reportedly planning a facility in Peenya, Bengaluru's industrial hub, to manufacture the future iPhones. Now a new rumour is taking the rounds that indicate that iPhone 8 devices made in India may come at a cheaper price. According to a report on News Nation, The Cupertino giant might commence manufacturing in Bengaluru as soon as April. Therefore, it is safe to assume that the speculated iPhone 8 smartphone may be manufactured in India too. And, if rumours are to be further believed, Apple will restrict itself to specific gadgets initially and will gradually increase the production thereon. Apple pays around 12 per cent of manufacturing and production costs on Apple devices as import taxes and duties in India at the moment. These costs add to the final price of Apple devices that make the total cost of the gadgets quite expensive as compared to other markets. If Apple devices gets cheaper – it may also mean better service and repairs through local official stores in India. Tags: apple, iphone 8, smartphones, made in india Nation Gallery Pongal celebrated with traditional fervour in Tamil Nadu Cold wave continues in Kashmir, fringes of Dal Lake freezes Yearender 2016: Top headlines from the South Yearender 2016: Top 10 headlines from India Yearender 2016: Indians who made headlines Yearender 2016: The year Kashmir suffered ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   ‘Outstanding’ Kedar Jadhav earns skipper Virat Kohli’s praise   Iconic Ringling circus to close after 146 years, final show in May   Has Lindsay Lohan embraced Islam? Seems like!   When Rishi Kapoor went on a tea date with Dawood Ibrahim   First petless White House in 150 years when Trump moves in?   Khaidi No 150 Box Office collection on Day 4: the film is still going strong! ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Other News Opera Neon, a new concept browser YouTube’s Super Chat allows users to monetise live streams Solar-powered boat starts service in Kerala Phone hacking firm falls victim to hackers Court revives suit alleging Apple monopoly on iPhone apps ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year January 6, 2017 Peter Cao 1 Comment Today Apple has published its Made in CNY page where artists share their artwork with the world. Apple has written a small piece under each artist who feature five different stylings that tell the story of the Nianhua, Chinese for ‘Year Picture.’ To take it a step further, customers are able to meet these artists as Apple has setup meeting times at Apple Stores across China. Customers interested can sign up here. Artists, of course, use a mix of Apple products ranging from iMacs, MacBook Pros, and iPad Pros with Apple Pencil. Apps range from Procreate on iOS, to Pixelmator on the Mac. To view the full gallery, along with download links of all of the artwork for your iPhone, iPad, and Mac, visit Apple’s Made in CNY page. In celebration of the Chinese New Year, Apple is running a promotion that lets customers get free Beats Solo3 when purchasing qualified items. Tags: Apple Store, Chinese New Year, Made in CNY About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Analyst: iPhone 8 will outsell the iPhone 6 by a landslide KGI: Three new iPad models coming in next quarter, will help declining tablet sales → Jack Hickman Chinese New Year, not New Years. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 PhoneDog OEMs: Quit omitting the dang headphone jack The most iconic smartphones of the past decade Xiaomi Air 13 Laptop Review Moto holding MWC event on February 26 Samsung Galaxy S8 expected to include 3.5mm headphone jack Andy Rubin said to be prepping new high-end smartphone that supports hardware add-ons Sprint will give you $200 when you switch carriers and sign up for an unlimited plan Android And Me Motorola hosting MWC event on February Samsung Galaxy S8 may have a headphone Andy Rubin working on an AI-focused, Sprint offering $200 to switch carriers Top 10 Android app updates this week: ZTE will launch an Android Wear watch HTC cutting down on new smartphones TmoNews Florida woman drives SUV into T-Mobile HTC U Ultra is a new Android phablet T-Mobile rolls out LTE upgrades in Washington, ZTE Axon 7 Mini receiving update with Upcoming T-Mobile Tuesday will include Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday includes T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Samsung Gear S3, Gear S2, and Gear Fit 2 now work with iPhone iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | January 7, 2017 38 shares 35 2 0 0 0 0 1 0 0               Almost exactly one year after Samsung revealed its plans to make its Gear smartwatches compatible with Apple’s iPhone, that feature has officially launched. Samsung today launched the Gear S app on Apple’s App Store. With it, iPhone owners can pair their device with a Samsung Gear S2 or Gear S3. There’s also a Samsung Gear Fit app that’ll let iPhone owners pair their device with the Samsung Gear Fit 2. Samsung says that the features available to Gear and iPhone users will vary by device, but that the built-in GPS, altimeter, barometer, and speedometer apps will be available. Also available are features like notifications, fitness tracking, calories burned, running pace, and heart rate. In order to use Samsung’s Gear wearables, you’ll need an iPhone 5, iPhone 5S, iPhone 5C, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, or iPhone SE, as well as iOS 9 or higher. While Samsung’s Gear wearables likely won’t offer quite as many features when paired with an iPhone as they would be if they were paired with a Samsung phone, it’s still great to see Samsung launch these Gear apps. Some folks may prefer the look of the Gear S2, Gear S3, or Gear Fit 2 over the Apple Watch, and now those people can wear those devices and enjoy compatibility with the iPhone. Source:  Samsung Newsroom Samsung Gear S (App Store) Samsung Gear Fit (App Store) iOS Tizen Wearables CES 2017 Samsung Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Products mentioned Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Previous ArticleiOS 10.2.1 beta 3 and watchOS 3.1.3 beta 2 now available to developers Next ArticleAT&T raising price of grandfathered unlimited data plan in March Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Nokia 6 official with 5.5-inch display, aluminum unibody, Android Nougat HTC Vive-branded smartphone appears in leaked promotional video Nokia 6: Not too much, not too shabby Google Tango will help you learn more at museums with AR View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Huawei Mate 9 Impressions! Marco Hanna 6 days 3 hours ago 6 shares 1 3 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 Honor 6X Impressions! Marco Hanna 1 week 2 days ago 9 shares 8 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Meet the new BlackBerry Marco Hanna 1 week 4 days ago 67 shares 65 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Digest Christine Torralba 2 weeks 11 hours ago 3 shares 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 4 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 13 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of AT&T Call Protect will help AT&T launches buy one, get one T-Mobile will give AT&T Do you carry multiple phones? FCC sends letters to AT&T and Sprint News Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge leaks out Sprint announces HPUE network Sprint promo offering unlimited T-Mobile News T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung T-Mobile splits One Plus plan into T-Mobile Un-carrier Next event T-Mobile will give AT&T Verizon Wireless Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a Verizon telling unlimited Verizon increases upgrade fee to $ Verizon Galaxy Note 7 now Kyocera DuraForce Pro now Verizon now says it will release Verizon once again offering free PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 16 Jan 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Cost-competitive, clean energy business model to be showcased in Abu Dhabi RAK realty developer offers competitive pay plans to lure Dubai residents UAE banks to report modest growth in assets and profitability Abu Dhabi Ports, Khalidia International Shipping sign $21mln deal RAK realty developer offers competitive pay plans to lure Dubai residents UAE's Nakheel to develop $1.36 bln Deira Islands Boulevard Dubai retail developers prepare for bumper year Dubai's real estate transactions $70 bln in 2016 UAE's Nakheel to develop $1.36 bln Deira Islands Boulevard Saudi SABIC set to launch new foam grade Kuwait to develop $1 bln Olympic Village Amman road network inaugurated with UAE's ADFD contribution Oil prices edge up on weaker dollar, expected crude output cuts Cost-competitive, clean energy business model to be showcased in Abu Dhabi Saudi Arabia Fertilizers reports 25% drop in Q4 net profit Bahrain's Nogaholding approaches banks for debut bond UAE banks to report modest growth in assets and profitability Qatar National Bank seeks growth in SE Asia; Q4 profit rises Bahrain's Nogaholding approaches banks for debut bond Egypt's foreign investment in treasuries to reach $10-11 bln in 1 year Abu Dhabi's UNB says IPO for Islamic insurer JV heavily oversubscribed Malaysia considering fund to spur foreign investment in Islamic finance Qatar's Masraf Al Rayan lines up $500 mln sukuk Africa Finance Corp plans maiden sukuk soon Expo 2020 Dubai delivers first roll-out of Expo Live programme First smart pharmacy run by robot begins at Dubai's Rashid Hospital Ooredoo Oman telecom posts 5.4% Q4 net profit drop Etisalat changes international calling charge pulse Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing'; wants trade deal with UK Israel set to approve bill to deport Palestinians in 1948 areas Jordan's King Abdullah reshuffles government Egypt's $12 bln IMF loan carries interest rate of 1.5-1.75 pct Cost-competitive, clean energy business model to be showcased in Abu Dhabi Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations Sharjah opens new $109mln prison Indians win maximum gold during Dubai Shopping Festival Syrians orphaned and desperate in a foreign country Jordan's King Abdullah reshuffles government Turkey says united, peaceful Syria impossible with Assad Jordan Response plan for Syrian crisis valued at $7.6 bln approved Egypt's $12 bln IMF loan carries interest rate of 1.5-1.75 pct Egypt's foreign investment in treasuries to reach $10-11 bln in 1 year Libya not accepting Italy migrant deal - EU presidency Malta Algerian demand boosts UK wheat exports Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing'; wants trade deal with UK Oil prices edge up on weaker dollar, expected crude output cuts Israel refuses to attend Paris conference Iraq trying to improve relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Oil prices edge up on weaker dollar, expected crude output cuts Dubai index falls more than 1% as caution sets in ahead of results UAE's ADIB issues capital-protected equity investment structured note Saudi Arabia Fertilizers reports 25% drop in Q4 net profit Dubai index falls more than 1% as caution sets in ahead of results Qatar National Bank seeks growth in SE Asia; Q4 profit rises Bahrain's Nogaholding approaches banks for debut bond Egypt's foreign investment in treasuries to reach $10-11 bln in 1 year Turkish lira set for worst week in 8 months Egypt says foreigners will be able to repatriate profits soon Egypt hires banks for US dollar bond offering Dollar edges up from 5-week low vs yen Iran sells 11 mln bbl condensate to South Korea in Dec INTERVIEW-OPEC chief confident in commitment for output cut deal Oil to average in $50s this year: GI survey Egypt eases strategic grains import regulations Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations Sharjah opens new $109mln prison One crime every 28 minutes in Oman Syrian selfie refugee sues Facebook for "defamatory" posts Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations Israel set to approve bill to deport Palestinians in 1948 areas Tunisia to impose new measures for the media Oman to set up a court to speed up labour disputes' resolution One crime every 28 minutes in Oman Syrian selfie refugee sues Facebook for "defamatory" posts Lebanese govt awaits judicial decision on dump Saudi Arabia to expand maritime anti-piracy code Dubai spice market vendors told to display price tags Consumer materials found hidden in manholes at Dubai labour camp Bahrain shuts down supermarket for overpricing Egypt eases strategic grains import regulations Bahrain executes three Shi'ites for bombing, sparks outcry Environmentalist Goodall lauds UAE exotic animal ban New hotline to report child abuse in Oman Saudi arrests car drifters following 'scary' display Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Indians win maximum gold during Dubai Shopping Festival Lady Liberty shown as black woman on US coin The “Do Not Spoil Your Beauty” campaign Over 5.6 million Saudis unmarried past traditional marriage age Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations First smart pharmacy run by robot begins at Dubai's Rashid Hospital The “Do Not Spoil Your Beauty” campaign Stroke device could allow self-rehabilitation Rampant copyright violations exposed in Arab world Gaza teacher looks to inspire in battle against special needs education Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations Indians win maximum gold during Dubai Shopping Festival Lady Liberty shown as black woman on US coin China's cheap electric car boom Lufthansa says no evidence of bomb on board Eurowings plane landed in Kuwait Trump, tech tycoons talk overhaul of high-skilled visa program Saudi Arabia to increase Jordan's pilgrims quota by 20% Thousands of UAE travellers face fog-induced delays ABBA tribute band Revival in Dubai Actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise bitter divorce Priyanka Chopra recovering after mishap on 'Quantico' set 'Star Wars' makers vow not to digitally recreate Carrie Fisher Stand-in captain Hafeez leads Pakistan to Melbourne win German swimmers dive into frosty waters to become "Ice King of Chiemsee" Messi is 'indispensable' to Barcelona Soccer-Barcelona remove director Gratacos after Messi remarks Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Apple to open store in South Korea 06 Jan 2017 Apple is planning to open a retail store in South Korea, its first in the country that is home to its smartphone archrival Samsung. Bobbi Rebell reports. Video Transcript Apple is venturing into Samsung's territory. The iPhone maker is planning to open its first retail store in South Korea, home to its smartphone archrival. Apple listed 15 jobs on its website, including openings for a store leader and business manager. It confirmed the plans for its new store in a statement, but declined to comment on exact location or the opening date. Max Wolff of 55 Capital: (SOUNDBITE) MAX WOLFF, MARKET STRATEGIST, 55 CAPITAL, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "Apple is opening a store at the backyard of their largest rival, which is a national champion in South Korea, and a big contributor to GDP and the national pride. And it also is a little bit of a tense moment becasue we've seen recent trouble in a flagship, large format phone from Samsung, the Note 7, which had a fire problem, was recalled and had another fire problem, so it's a store moment." South Korea's Yonhap News Agency reported construction for the new Apple store is underway in a southern part of Seoul, and that the work will likely be completed by end-November. Multimedia AUDIO What will be the effect of the new US President on the markets? AUDIO The Economist magazine's top words of 2016 AUDIO How technology is changing retail in the UAE AUDIO Latest on the sports news VIDEO Police take in three for questioning after anti-terror raids in Brussels VIDEO Turkey and Russia to invite U.S. to Syria talks: Turkish minister Advertisement Most Popular Videos Egyptians seek ancient cures amid medicine crisis 12 Jan 2017 - Reuters Videos Amazon to create 100,000 U.S. jobs by 2018 12 Jan 2017 - Reuters Videos Actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise bitter divorce 2 days ago - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home Auto Show News Sports Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home Auto Show News Sports Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Many pathways to the promised land of self-driving cars How different automakers and technology companies are pursuing different pathways to the same goal of self-driving cars Post to Facebook Many pathways to the promised land of self-driving cars How different automakers and technology companies are pursuing different pathways to the same goal of self-driving cars  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2i5H0AE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Many pathways to the promised land of self-driving cars Brent Snavely and Greg Gardner, Detroit Free Press Published 10:17 p.m. ET Jan. 7, 2017 | Updated 10:35 p.m. ET Jan. 7, 2017 From Apple and Ford to Waymo and Volkswagen, automakers and technology companies all are working towards self-driving vehicles but have different strategies and business models The interior of a Chrysler Portal, an electric-powered concept mini-van focused toward the millennial generation, is seen during a press event for CES 2017 at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center on January 3, 2017 in Las Vegas. (Photo: Alex Wong, Getty Images) Every major global automakers along with a number of technology companies share a similar goal: Be among the leaders of the self-driving car revolution. But the path that each automaker is taking is often very different. Some automakers are developing self-driving software in-house while others are leaning more on partners. Others are investing in start-ups or leaning on partnerships with global technology companies. Meanwhile, some technology companies that started with aspirations of becoming automotive manufacturers are rethinking that mission, opting instead to partner with automakers and provide services, sensors or both. "There are some serious differences abut there are a lot of similarities, too," said Glenn Stevens, vice president of automotive mobility initiatives for MICHauto and the Detroit Regional Chamber of Commerce. "I don’t think you can always tell who is ahead. You can see where the investments are being made, but they are all pursuing different strategies." Automakers and technology companies tend to be secretive about their progress. That makes it hard for analysts to figure out who is really ahead and who is just thumping their chest loudly. Read more: DETROIT FREE PRESS Why we aren't ready for self-driving cars - yet DETROIT FREE PRESS New mobility is challenging automakers' assumptions "That makes it hard to say who is really in the lead," said Karl Brauer, senior director of Cox Automotive. "I have a sense of who is pushing really hard, and who is trying the hardest...because like most technology endeavors, you don’t want to tell everyone where you are." Companies that emerge as leaders will be those that work well with partners whose cultures are different from their own, predicts Chris Thomas, a founder and partner in Fontinalis, a Detroit-based venture capital firm. "Autonomous vehicle technology is a new and different technology unto itself," Thomas said. "And then, that new technology must work with other new technology," such as cyber-security technology, artificial intelligence software and the car's electrical infrastructure. "Anyone who tells themselves they are going to do this themselves, they are leaving a lot of opportunity and talent on the table." Suppliers including Bosch, Delphi, Magna, Nvidia, Intel and ZF Group also have embraced self-driving cars and are providing both hardware and software necessary for self-driving vehicles. Here is quick look at the different paths that automakers and major tech companies are pursuing: Apple's 'Project Titan' Apple is among the most secretive and, for years, was viewed as the company that might be able to figure out the entire self-driving car landscape on its own. But this past summer the company reduced staffing for what had been called Project Titan. Read more: DETROIT FREE PRESS Why you should care about this 'new mobility'? DETROIT FREE PRESS Auto show to spotlight mobility tech Little is known about Apple’s progress and plans. Apple has never acknowledged that it is working on a car.  In September Apple laid off dozens of employees previously assigned to Project Titan. Apple may still be working development of an autonomous driving system, but it's not interested in manufacturing anything that could be called a car. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. Ford CEO Mark Fields shows off the new Velodyne Puck sensor at a press conference on CES Press Day, January 5, 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada. The new Velodyne models will be fitted into the side view mirrors of Ford's Fusion Hybrid self-driving cars.  (Photo: ROBYN BECK, AFP/Getty Images) Ford's city services strategy Ford CEO Mark Fields says the Dearborn automaker can make money providing transportation services to cities. "The cities have this issue of congestion. It's not only a quality-of-life issue, it's an economic issue," Fields said. "Because if you can’t get around, you have businesses that can’t deliver goods and people who can't get to where they want to go." Fields said he believes that Ford can make money if it gets involved in shuttle services, bike-sharing services and other forms of mobility. "We already have some services businesses where the margins are much healthier," than the traditional automotive industry, Fields said. Another strategy that makes Ford different from some automakers is its commitment to leap over semi-autonomous vehicles and go directly to selling a fully-autonomous vehicle by 2021. "They don’t plan on selling any cars to consumers that are not fully capable of full self-driving 100% of the time," Brauer said. Exterior designer Matt Dunford speaks beside the unveiled Fiat Chrysler Portal Concept car during the Fiat Chrysler press conference at the 2017 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas on January 3, 2017.  (Photo: FREDERIC J. BROWN, AFP/Getty Images) Fiat Chrysler Automobiles working with Google's Waymo  The Auburn Hills automaker has been the quietest of the Detroit Three when it comes to self-driving cars but made a big move in May when it announced an agreement to provide 100 Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid minivans to Google's self-driving project, which is now called Waymo. FCA developed those minivans and delivered them in December. Waymo plans to showcase one of those minivans at the Detroit auto show on Sunday. FCA also unveiled a self-driving concept vehicle called Chrysler Portal at CES on Tuesday that the automaker says illustrates what family transportation could evolve into in the near future. The automaker worked with Samsung Electronics as its provider of 360-degree cameras and other sensors and Panasonic Automotive as its supplier for infotainment, wireless connectivity and audio systems. Read more: DETROIT FREE PRESS Self-driving fleets to give consumers more options DETROIT FREE PRESS The days of self-driving cars are closer than you think FCA's partnerships with Waymo, Panasonic and Samsung are an indication that the automaker sees deep partnerships with large tech companies as a way it can keep up with automakers that have larger research and development budgets for self-driving vehicles. General Motors Chairman and CEO Mary Barra speaks next to a autonomous Chevrolet Bolt electric car Thursday, Dec. 15, 2016, in Detroit. General Motors has started testing fully autonomous vehicles on public roads around its technical center in suburban Detroit.  (Photo: Paul Sancya, AP) General Motors bets big with Bolt, Cruise Automation, Lyft and Maven and acquisitions GM said last month it will begin producing and testing self-driving Chevrolet Bolts in Michigan immediately. GM CEO Mary Barra said in December it plans to immediately begin testing self-driving Chevrolet Bolt electric on public roads in Michigan and is buidling a fleet of autonomous Bolts at its Orion Assembly Plant. "We expect to be the first high-volume auto manufacturer to build fully autonomous vehicles in a mass-production assembly plant," Barra said in a blog post on LinkedIn. GM also spent big bucks in 2016 to dramatically accelerate its development of self-driving vehicles when it spent $500 million for 9% of ride-sharing company Lyft, and $581 million for San Francisco autonomous vehicle software developer Cruise Automation. A Nissan Leaf is displayed at CES 2017 at the Las Vegas Convention Center on January 5, 2017 in Las Vegas, Nevada. To accelerate the time it will take for autonomous vehicles to get on the road safely, Carlos Ghosn announced a breakthrough technology called "Seamless Autonomous Mobility," or SAM. Developed from NASA technology, SAM partners in-vehicle artificial intelligence (AI) with human support to help autonomous vehicles make decisions in unpredictable situations and build the knowledge of in-vehicle AI. This technology could potentially enable millions of driverless cars to co-exist with human drivers in an accelerated timeline. It is part of Nissan Intelligent Integration.  (Photo: David Becker, Getty Images) Toyota Research Institute connects three leading universities. The Toyota Research Institute is a network of robotics experts who teach at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford and the University of Michigan. Together these experts and some of Toyota's own people are working on solutions for difficult driving scenarios (snow, ice and heavy rain), and building artificial intelligence systems that learn from, and evolve to predict, such scenarios. TRI also will apply AI to the challenge of home robotics. Focusing on needs of our aging society and the remarkable progress in electronics and computer science, Toyota seeks to develop machines, including home robots may become even more personally prized in our future than cars have been in our past. Toyota also has made an unspecified investment in Uber. But the Japanese automaker has taken a cautious approach to bringing fully autonomous cars to public roads. This past week at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, TRI CEO Gill Pratt said the company is “nowhere near close” to a level of full autonomous driving, labeled as Level 5 by the Society of Automotive Engineers. Pratt's comments Thursday came as Toyota unveiled the Concept-i car at CES. “Historically human beings have shown zero tolerance for injury or death caused by flaws in a machine,” Pratt said. Nissan, Carlos Ghosn Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn said last week the Japanese automaker plans to launch a new “Seamless Autonomous Mobility,” or “SAM,” system that combines artificial intelligence with human support to help self-driving vehicles make decisions in difficult situations. Ghosn, in contrast to Ford, believes automakers should phase in self-driving vehicles. "Even fully autonomous vehicles will not be able to handle every possible situation they encounter. The world is too simply too complex," Ghosn said. Nissan and Renault plan to launch at least 10 vehicles with "significant autonomous drive functionality" by 2020. Tesla Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk is letting 1,000 customers try out the latest version of the brand's Autopilot system, another step forward on the way to fully self-driving cars. The new system being activated on the limited basis is dubbed Autopilot HW2, or Hardware 2, a reference to the Tesla electric vehicles built after October that are loaded with advanced radar, cameras and ultrasonic sensors. The limited distribution of the Autopilot software upgrade is meant to ensure that any glitches are debugged before a broader rollout. After initiating the Version 8.1 software update over the Dec. 31-Jan. 1 weekend, Musk tweeted that Tesla would then "hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week." Tesla was in the spotlight throughout 2016 because of a handful of crashes both in the U.S. and abroad that may have been related to either improper use or compromised operation of Autopilot software. The most publicized incident occurred last May, when an Ohio man, Joshua Brown, died after his Model S sedan plowed into a truck crossing its path. The Autopilot system didn't see the truck's white side as an object and failed to apply the brakes. Federal regulators are investigating. Tesla aims to begin producing its entry-level electric sedan, the $35,000 and up Model 3, later this year. Musk has pinned high hopes on Model 3, specifically a brisk production target that will see Tesla's total vehicle output jump from 50,000 to 500,000 units a year. Uber hopes to replace employees For Uber, a self-driving car would eliminate the cost of paying drivers to take customers to their destination. Drivers are the most expensive part of its business model. That's why the ride-hailing pioneer, which built its company on providing quick transportation through a mobile phone application, has begun testing a self-driving car in Pittsburgh, home of the company's Advanced Technologies Center. The car, a Ford Fusion Hybrid with a roof-full of radar, lasers and cameras, will be collecting road-mapping data as well as testing its real-world traffic reactions. Volkswagen Group Last April, an Audi SQ5 outfitted with Delphi technology drove itself 3,000 miles across the U.S., doing 99% of the driving by itself. In January 2016, Delphi showed off a new autonomous driving concept at CES. Waymo and FCA announced that production of 100 Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid minivans uniquely built to enable fully self-driving operations has been completed. The vehicles are currently being outfitted with Waymo's fully self-driving technology, including a purpose-built computer and a suite of sensors, telematics and other systems.  (Photo: FCA US) Volvo For Volvo, autonomous vehicles are about both cars and trucks. Volvo, which also makes trucks of all sizes, is exploring self-driving vehicles that are able to navigate construction sites, mines, quarries and public roads. In Sweden, Volvo is testing self-driving cars on public Swedish roads, and by 2017, real-world customers will be using 100 self-driving Volvos. The test program is a partnership between Volvo, the Swedish Transport Administration, the Swedish Transport Agency, Lindholmen Science Park and the City of Gothenburg, and is endorsed by the Swedish Government. Volkswagen Group Waymo operated for eight years as Google's self-driving project until it renamed itself last month. Waymo initially was developing cars without steering wheels and pedals but realized many customers are unlikely to accept those vehicles and still want the option to drive. Now, Waymo is transforming itself from a research project into business enterprise that must make a profit. It's the mission is to bring the company's technology to market and monetize it via a partnership with an automotive company. "They understand now they can’t go straight there now," to a fully autonomous vehicle without driver controls, Brauer said. "They also are very clearly going to be a provider of services to existing automaker, verses building their own car." Last spring, Google inked a deal with Fiat Chrysler to outfit 100 Pacifica minivans with Google's radar, lasers and cameras. Google had said the deal was made to quickly add to its fleet in order to further test its systems and ready them for commercial use. Waymo CEO John Krafcik will be in Detroit today and plans to unveil the self-driving Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid. Contact Brent Snavely: 313-222-6512 or bsnavely@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @BrentSnavely. 7 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2i5H0AE
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > You can't connect to LinkedIn anymore in… You can't connect to LinkedIn anymore in Russia By Lulu Chang — January 7, 2017 9:53 AM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Making connections in Russia is about to get a lot harder. That is, if you’re looking to connect via LinkedIn. On Friday, the New York Times reported that Russian demands to remove the popular professional networking app from both the Apple Store and Google Play Store had apparently been met. It is no longer possible for Russian smartphone users to download the LinkedIn app for either Android or Apple. The LinkedIn website itself was blocked in Russia a few weeks ago, as officials penalized the site for failing to store data on citizens within the nation’s borders. Once this happened, both the Android and iOS versions of the app stopped working properly, so while the official removal of the app from respective stores didn’t do much functionally, it does send a rather alarming symbolic message. Even though both tech giants have insisted they are proponents of free speech, it seems they can do little in the face of such stringent censorship. More: Is that Russian hacking? Or just a screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’? This is not the first time an app or site has been blocked in Russia and other countries. China and Turkey have also made headlines in recent months over their decisions to disallow various online service. But this case is different in its involvement of Apple and Google — previous blockages have normally been done through state-run internet service providers, not foreign companies. “Apps are the new choke point of free expression,” Rebecca MacKinnon, who leads a project on open internet tracking at New America, told the Times. Apple has admitted that it was asked to remove the LinkedIn app in Russia a month ago, and Google noted that it abides by local laws in countries of operation. As for LinkedIn, the company has expressed malcontent over the latest move in Russia. “It denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses,” said Nicole Leverich, a company spokeswoman. But like it or not, it doesn’t look as though anything is going to change anytime soon. Also watch: Share
Jan 16, 2017 09:29 AM हिंदी Toggle navigation India World Sports Entertainment Business UP Elections Photos Videos Shows हिंदी menu INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS VIRAL UP ELECTION CITIES Delhi & NCR Mumbai Kolkata Chennai Bangalore Hyderabad LIFESTYLE Fashion & Beauty Health & Fitness Relationship Travel Food ENTERTAINMENT Hollywood Bollywood Television Movie Review Interview SPORTS Cricket Tennis Football Hockey Golf Motorsports BUSINESS Economy Finance & Markets Corporate International Technology Auto SHOWS Question Hour National Expert Nation View Rahasya Big 5 G3 INDIA PHOTOS VIDEOS WORLD SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY CITIES LIFESTYLE VIRAL CRICKET MOVIE REVIEW Home  >>   Business   >>   Tech   >>   Make in India Apple iPhone 8 to be cheaper Make in India Apple iPhone 8 to be cheaper As Apple plans to setup its manufacturing factory in Bengaluru, Indians have started getting super excited with rumours of Made in India iPhone 8 prices going down. By News Nation Bureau  |  Updated On : January 08, 2017 11:57 AM Apple iPhone 8 ( Representative Image) New Delhi :   As Apple plans to setup its manufacturing factory in Bengaluru, Indians have started getting super excited with rumours of Made in India iPhone 8 prices going down. Iphone company recently confirmed the news and suggested that they might come up with a manufacturing facility in the country and would even set up Apple stores in India. The company plans to commence manufacturing at the Indian factory as soon as April means an Indian-made iPhone for the first time ever and the idea sure seems exciting. However, reports suggest Apple is not going to manufacture all gadgets initially but will restrict itself to a couple of gadgets and slowly increase the production. Apple has constantly been in talks with the Modi government, urging them to provide tax breaks and incentives. Tim Cook’s visit to India and his meeting with PM Narendra Modi sparked off a series of rumours regarding Apple setting up stores in the country. Apple currently pays over 12 percent of manufacturing and production costs on iPhones and other Apple devices as import taxes and duties. With a Made in India iPhone, these costs might be eliminated, leading to a much cheaper device for Indians. Not only will the iPhone get relatively cheaper and at par with it’s international pricing, it will also mean better service and repairs through local Apple stores in the country. Till date, Apple sold iPhones and other Apple gadgets in India through it’s licensed re-sellers and distributors.  First Published: Sunday, January 08, 2017 08:15 AM POPULAR TAGS: Apple Iphone 8, New road safety apps: All you need to know about m-parivahan and e-challan Jawahar Navodaya Entrance exam 2017: Seven thousand aspirants to appear for 40 seats ← Previous Story New road safety apps: All you need to know about m-parivahan and e-challan Next Story → Jawahar Navodaya Entrance exam 2017: Seven thousand aspirants to appear for 40 seats For latest india news on mobile, download News Nation Android app, Windows app and Iphone app. Also like News Nation's official Facebook page and follow us on Twitter and Google Plus to stay tuned to latest news. MORE FROM NEWS NATION Kaabil: Initially declined to play negative character in movie over doubt on acting credentials, says Rohit Roy "I am thankful we can finally do it. Thank you for your patience", says DJ David Guetta India vs England | Kedar Jadhav emerges as pivotal all-rounder for Indian team J-K Police arrests Lashkar militant Fayaz Ahmad Ganaie during encounter in Sopore Om Puri's son Ishaan immerses veteran actor's ashes in sea Gujarat Cricket Association announces Rs 3 crore for victorious Gujarat Ranji team World Economic Forum 2017 meet to begin on Monday; over 100 people from India to attend India vs Eng ODI win: Capt Kohli terms his partnership with Jadhav special Allowing private FM stations to air news may have security implications, says Prasar Bharati Chairman TOP NEWS Crucial GST council meet today: Can Arun Jaitley resolve the dual control issue? MS Dhoni lauds Virat Kohli's captaincy after India beats England in 1st ODI Australian Open commences today, Murray to face Marchenko on Day 1 J&K: Three militants killed by security forces in Pahalgam encounter Top News of Jan 16 | Ajay Maken, Asha Kumari, Navjot Singh Sidhu to address media at 11 AM at Congress HQ Opinion Blog: From Tamil cinema to politics, Jayalalithaa remained a destiny's empress Offensive Shahabuddin, silent Lalu and the politics of Nitish's 'sushasan' in Bihar Outside the ring, many Sakshis and Sindhus still wrestling male dominance in India SPORTS MS Dhoni lauds Virat Kohli's captaincy after India beats England in 1st ODI Australian Open commences today, Murray to face Marchenko on Day 1 India vs England, 1st ODI: Kohli, Jadhav power India to historic run chase ENTERTAINMENT After much hoopla, Mumbai finally danced to beats of DJ David Guetta xXx: Return of Xander Cage box office collections: Vin Diesel-Deepika starrer action thriller off to a good start This is what Deepika Padukone has to say about Ranveer Singh’s reaction about ‘xXx: Return of Xander Cage’ VIDEOS Life of Satish Namiar- the war hero of 1971 India via UP: Political parties to begin campaign for Uttar Pradesh assembly polls Khabro Ka Punchnama: Can a smartphone be used as pistol PHOTOS Kohli, Jadhav orchestrate massive chase against England BSP supremo Mayawati turns 61: Know about her life and career Ex-Bigg Boss contestant Om Swam's brawl during his show 'Baba Bawali' on News Nation Terms of Use Career Complaint Redressal Contact Us Feedback Sitemap © 2016 News Nation. All rights reserved.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Town dedicates gym in 'Big Mike's' honor Saturday Jan 7, 2017 at 6:43 PM Jan 7, 2017 at 9:36 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes APPLE VALLEY — Known to many as “Big Mike," Michael H. Martin was a coach and a friend beloved by all who was said to always be striving to be the best person he could be. “Knowing how humble Mike was, he would have been mortified by the whole idea of dedicating this gym to him,” Town spokeswoman and Mike Martin’s wife Kathie Martin said as she laughed. “He would have thought this was over the top, but he deserves it. This was his home.” Friends, family and community leaders came together Saturday morning as the town of Apple Valley held a small ceremony inside the gymnasium at the James A. Woody Community Center as they renamed and dedicated the building to Mike Martin, who unexpectedly passed away on Dec. 31, 2015. The 15-year employee of the Apple Valley Parks and Recreation District, who served as a Parks district commissioner for more than 10 years, was instrumental in programming at the Woody Center, where he helped grow the youth basketball league and implement the first pee wee sports programs in Apple Valley. Following his sudden death, the Town Council voted 5-0 in July to name the gym and place a dedication plaque at its entrance detailing Mike Martin's legacy, which was unveiled during the ceremony.  After Apple Valley Mayor Scott Nassif's short welcome and Pastor Matt Coulombe's invocation, Nassif, many people recalled their fond memories of Martin and how he helped shape and inspire the community. “Every time I drive by the gym I always think of Mike,” Apple Valley Parks and Recreation Commission Chairman Pat Doran told the crowd. “This is a great way to remember and keep Mike’s legacy alive for all the years he’s dedicated his time and effort to everyone.” In addition to renaming the gym, a bench will also be placed in Civic Center Park in honor of Martin. “Mike was always a pivotal mentor to many kids and was an incredible influence,” Former “Gym Rat” Casey Armstrong stated behind teary eyes. After Kathie Martin gave the closing remarks, everyone made their way outside as a blue tarp was pulled back to unveil the new signage on the gym that read "Michael H. Martin Gymnasium."  “Being in the gym and hearing it echo brings those memories of Mike back and I’m happy to know we could do something special for him,” she said. Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter @DP_MonicaInes. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10By Glenn CHAPMAN | AFP – Sun, Jan 8, 2017 3:08 AM AEDT Related Content View Photo The iPhone 7 - 10 years after the release of the first iPhone, Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone -- introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 -- set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone's focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. "Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. "Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity." Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting "infotainment" systems that synch with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. "The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone's daily life," Blau said. - Altered landscape - The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystalized, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. "It's pretty remarkable what it did," Maxwell said of the iPhone. "We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it." Putting the internet in people's pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialize and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. "It turned the industry on its head," Maxwell said at CES. "It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape." The iPhone powered Apple's money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market. - Missed targets - Apple chief executive Tim Cook and other top executives saw their compensation for 2016 cut because internal income targets were missed, according to a filing Friday with US regulators. "The two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels," Apple said in the filing. "These results were below the target performance goals." Apple reported net sales of $215.6 billion for the fiscal year, with an operating income of $60 billion, the filing indicated. Cook's pay will tally $8.75 million as compared with $10.3 million in 2015. His base pay jumped to $3 million from $2 million. Apple's profit in the quarter ending September 24 slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered optimism on company efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. Apple is to release performance figures for the recently ended quarter on January 31. Apple has been working to make more money from services and apps. The iPhone maker said its App Store had its busiest single day ever on New Year's Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season for the online shop. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion from software creations tailored for Apple devices, according to the company. Meanwhile, eyes are on Apple for its next "big thing" in the face of worry that the company lost its innovative mojo with the passing of Jobs in 2011. Rumors of projects in the works include a self-driving car. "I think they will have a next big thing," analyst Blau said. "But the future of the company will rely on smaller innovation. And there is nothing wrong with that kind of a business." Top Stories » Woolies hires Tesco exec to lead food unitAAP Woolworths has tapped long-standing Tesco executive Claire Peters to lead its supermarkets in the fight for customers … PM may rush trade vote to persuade USAAP Woolworths hires new supermarkets bossAAP NAB hikes many fixed home loan ratesAAP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Gabba Test Toyota Amber Sherlock Budget Rent a Car Kamiyah Mobley iPad Obamacare Perth Accommodation Trump Clinton Online car insurance quote Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple touts new ‘Portrait Mode’ feature in latest iPhone 7 Plus ad – BGR Posted on January 7, 2017 by BGR Apple earlier today aired a new iPhone 7 Plus ad that highlights the device’s ability to take compelling photos that were previously only possible on high-end DSLR cameras. Titled “Take Mine”, Apple’s latest ad focuses on the iPhone 7 Plus’ ability to … Apple’s latest iPhone 7 Plus commercial showcases dual-lens ‘Portrait’ photo modeAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple’s new ad pretends people have never seen a camera beforeThe Verge Apple’s new ad shows off the Portrait mode for the iPhone 7 PlusTechCrunch Mac Rumors -9 to 5 Mac -Phone Arena -Co.Create all 11 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 Glenn CHAPMAN AFPJanuary 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share 1 / 3 The iPhone 7 - 10 years after the release of the first iPhone, Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder The iPhone 7 - 10 years after the release of the first iPhone, Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder (AFP Photo/Jack Taylor) Las Vegas (AFP) - The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone -- introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 -- set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone's focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. "Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. "Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity." Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting "infotainment" systems that synch with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. "The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone's daily life," Blau said. - Altered landscape - The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystalized, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. "It's pretty remarkable what it did," Maxwell said of the iPhone. "We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it." Putting the internet in people's pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialize and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. "It turned the industry on its head," Maxwell said at CES. "It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape." The iPhone powered Apple's money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market. - Missed targets - Apple chief executive Tim Cook and other top executives saw their compensation for 2016 cut because internal income targets were missed, according to a filing Friday with US regulators. "The two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels," Apple said in the filing. "These results were below the target performance goals." Apple reported net sales of $215.6 billion for the fiscal year, with an operating income of $60 billion, the filing indicated. Cook's pay will tally $8.75 million as compared with $10.3 million in 2015. His base pay jumped to $3 million from $2 million. Apple's profit in the quarter ending September 24 slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered optimism on company efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. Apple is to release performance figures for the recently ended quarter on January 31. Apple has been working to make more money from services and apps. The iPhone maker said its App Store had its busiest single day ever on New Year's Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season for the online shop. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion from software creations tailored for Apple devices, according to the company. Meanwhile, eyes are on Apple for its next "big thing" in the face of worry that the company lost its innovative mojo with the passing of Jobs in 2011. Rumors of projects in the works include a self-driving car. "I think they will have a next big thing," analyst Blau said. "But the future of the company will rely on smaller innovation. And there is nothing wrong with that kind of a business." Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist HoudahGeo 5.1.5 Typinator 7.1 OmniFocus 2.8 Default Folder X 5.1.2 SEE Finance 1.1.2 ChronoSync 4.7.2 HandBrake 1.0.1 GraphicConverter 10.3 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.1 LaunchBar 6.8     Related Articles W1-powered AirPods Usher in a New Era of Wireless Audio (07 Sep 16)     Published in TidBITS 1350. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Support App Streamlines Support Options in iOS How to Fix Connection Problems with the AirPods macOS 10.12.2 Sierra Focuses on New MacBook Pros Sierra PDF Problems Get Worse in 10.12.2 Investigating ChronoSync 4.7 for Cloud Backup TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 2 January 2017 ExtraBITS for 2 January 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 20 Dec 2016 | Print  | Comment (10) Apple’s Wireless AirPods Were Worth the Wait by Julio Ojeda-Zapata Initially promised for late October 2016, the AirPods are finally here. Were they worth the wait? My short answer: yes, for the most part. In other words, in honor of a Star Wars movie that recently hit theaters: these are the pods you have been looking for (if you can live with their steep price). Apple announced the wireless variation of its iconic EarPods on 7 September 2016 (see “W1-powered AirPods Usher in a New Era of Wireless Audio,” 7 September 2016), partly to tamp down the fuss over the missing headphone jack on the iPhone 7. Apple was essentially saying, “Forget that jack, here’s a better way,” and promised them for late October 2016. The company had to delay the release of the AirPods until December for undisclosed reasons. They finally became available for online orders on 12 December 2016 and hit Apple Stores a week later. Within a day, they were backordered for 4 weeks online, and Apple is now promising to ship new orders in 6 weeks. Apple sent me AirPods to test, and I’ve been using them heavily since. Overall, I’m delighted with them. Look and Feel -- These white AirPods look just like EarPods – except they’re cordless. The part that fits in your ear is the same. But, instead of having white audio cables draping downward, the AirPods end in silver-tipped, somewhat inconspicuous stalks. The AirPods feel great in my ears and stay in place well. All ears are different, so your mileage may vary. But I had much more trouble with the older EarPods falling out, likely due to the weight of their cables. Charging Case -- When you aren’t using the AirPods, they tuck into a handsome little charging case. The lid of the case snaps shut magnetically, and the AirPods snap into the holes in the case magnetically. A Lightning cable plugs into the bottom of the case for charging a battery in the case. A light between the AirPod holes shines orange during charging and green when topped up. Apple claims that the AirPods last for about 5 hours of listening time or 2 hours of talk time on a single charge, and my testing so far seems to confirm that. The case provides extended battery life if you are on the move; drop the AirPods in to recharge whenever necessary and you will get more than 24 hours of listening time, or up to 11 hours of talk time. If you charge your AirPods for 15 minutes, you get up to 3 hours of listening time or over 1 hour of talk time. If you have drained both the case and the AirPods, charging them fully takes about 2 hours, according to Apple. Bluetooth -- The AirPods rely on Bluetooth, as numerous other audio accessories do, but Apple has refined the standard Bluetooth experience with the addition of the company’s new W1 chip. It’s designed to optimize wireless connectivity, audio quality, and battery life. Initial pairing is painless. When I opened the charging case, the AirPods and my iPhone could instantly see each other. A set-up process ensued via an attractive animation; I tapped Connect and then Done. That’s it. Pairing other Bluetooth accessories is rarely so simple. AirPods in Use -- The AirPods lack a power button but switch on automatically when you remove them from their case. Put them in your ears, and you’ll hear a tone to indicate they are ready. Choose the AirPods as an audio output on your device, press Play in an audio app, and audio starts, though there is sometimes a short delay before playback begins. When you take one of the pods out of your ear, audio pauses, and it resumes if when you put it back in — handy when someone needs your attention. The sound quality is good but not fantastic, much like that of the EarPods. Using just one pod further diminishes audio quality, though it’s good enough for listening to a podcast while doing the dishes, or when you need one ear open for safety while biking, running, or driving. Double-tapping one of the AirPods can make different things happen. The default setting activates Siri or answers an incoming phone call. You can change the behavior in Settings > Bluetooth to use double taps for pausing and playing. Tap the i icon next to your AirPods to see these settings. The Siri double-tap option is a mixed bag. Once you invoke Siri, you can perform tasks like skipping to the next track or adjusting the volume. Beyond that, functionality is inconsistent, and it’s dependent on what app you’re using. In Apple’s Music app, for instance, you can ask Siri to start a song over. I use Google’s Play Music app, however, and restarting a song isn’t possible there. It’s especially frustrating when Siri doesn’t work like it should, because the AirPods have no physical controls. Volume and playback controls all rely on Siri, which in turn depends on an Internet connection. If you’re offline, you’ll have to control volume and playback on your device manually. That’s something Apple needs to fix, since Siri’s predecessor, Voice Assistant, didn’t require an Internet connection to do these things. Voice Calling -- Phone calls also work well on the AirPods. When making cellular calls, the people on the other end of my voice chats said I sounded fine, and their voices sounded OK to me. Again, audio quality with the AirPods is never spectacular. The AirPods’ reliability as a phone accessory is a big deal since I have had poor luck using other Bluetooth accessories for cell calls. Often, I am told I sound terrible, and I have to pick up my iPhone to continue the conversation. The audio quality when making Internet-based voice calls with the AirPods can be inconsistent, however. I ran through a battery of VoIP-call tests with Josh Centers using FaceTime and Slack. Our general takeaway is that such calling is unpredictable. Voices sound clear at times, muffled at others. Sometimes there’s a subtle but distinct hiss in the background, sometimes not. We appeared to nail down one big bug: an awful jackhammer-like sound ensued when either of us attempted to initiate a voice call on Slack from an iPhone. Multi-device Support -- It’s easy to use AirPods with multiple Apple devices, assuming they are all logged in to the same iCloud account. Set up the AirPods with one iPhone, iPad, or Mac, and they’ll be ready to go on all your iOS devices and Macs. On a Mac, you choose the AirPods as your audio output device in System Preferences > Sound or via the Sound or Bluetooth icons in the menu bar. On an iPhone or an iPad, swipe up from the bottom for Control Center, and then swipe from right to left for the audio controls. An icon at the lower left presents audio output options, including any connected AirPods. Switching among my iPhone, iPad, iMac and MacBook Pro was generally seamless. However, on a few occasions, an iOS device on my iCloud account seemed to forget about the AirPods’ existence, forcing me to re-pair with that device manually. Josh had and resolved a similar problem; see “How to Fix Connection Problems with the AirPods” (21 December 2016). There are other oddities. Decent-sounding Mac audio through the AirPods degrades suddenly and alarmingly when I go into the Sound preference pane and select the Input tab. One time when I did this, playback of the movie “Batman vs. Superman” in iTunes cut out, with strange interference through the AirPods, and the Mac forgot its place in the movie! It seems that the AirPods downgrade their output sound quality to free up Bluetooth bandwidth for the microphone input, and that can also result in some unintended quirks. Happily, this was an isolated incident during otherwise solid multi-device support, which is a big deal since other Bluetooth accessories are usually a hassle to use with multiple devices. If you have an Apple Watch paired to the iPhone that you’re using with your AirPods, they also connect to the watch, and sound switches automatically between phone and watch. When I answer a phone call on the Apple Watch, for instance, the caller’s voice comes through the AirPods. Josh, who wrote the recently updated “Take Control of Apple TV,” did some testing with the Apple TV as well. After pairing the AirPods in Settings > Remotes and Devices > Bluetooth, you just need to return to that Settings screen and choose the AirPods to connect them. There’s no need to disconnect them manually, because when you connect to them from a natively supported device, they’ll disconnect from the Apple TV automatically. Non-Apple Devices -- What if you want to use your new AirPods with a device not manufactured by Apple? The good news is that AirPods do work with non-Apple gear — they are Bluetooth accessories, after all — but using them is more of a hassle. For starters, the setup drill is different. There’s a tiny button on the back of the AirPods’ charging case. With the AirPods in the case, press the button until the little light between the pods begins to blink white. That’s your cue to look in Bluetooth settings on your Android handset or Windows PC for the AirPods to appear in the device list. I tested pairing on a Windows-based Microsoft Surface Pro notebook and three Android handsets — a Samsung Galaxy S7, a Google Pixel, and a Lenovo Moto Z — with no major issues. The AirPods are far less convenient outside of the Apple ecosystem. If you want to switch your AirPods from one non-Apple gadget to another, you must unpair the AirPods on the first device before pairing with the second one. That is, the AirPods behave like standard Bluetooth accessories, with none of Apple’s secret sauce. However, you don’t have to unpair manually before connecting to a natively supported Apple device. Worth the Wait and the Price? -- Why the AirPods were delayed for so long may forever stay a mystery, but I’m glad Apple took its time to get it right. iFixit suspects that the delay was due to poor solder joints in the charging case. The AirPods are, on balance, the best Bluetooth audio accessories I have tested with the iPhone. Other devices may offer higher quality audio playback, but the AirPods are by far the best I’ve used for voice calls. Pairing ease is a big plus, and being able to migrate seamlessly from Apple device to device is a bonus. The AirPods’ biggest shortcoming may be their cost: a pair costs $159, and replacement pods will set you back $69. Many Bluetooth earbuds are available for a fraction of the price – though without Apple’s technical refinements. Arguably, you get what you pay for, however. Until the AirPods came along, my favorite Bluetooth earbuds came from LG. The different models wrap around the neck, with the earbud cables coming out the front. Their sound is terrific, but the price starts in the AirPods’ territory and goes up from there. You can save some money with LG earbuds of a more standard design and pricing right around $100. The successful design and high price of the AirPods actually lead to a few other concerns. First, they fit in my ears so comfortably that I forget I have them in, and I’m a bit scared that I’ll inadvertently take them into the shower (they aren’t officially water-resistant, but they seem to hold up in unofficial tests). Second, I worry about losing them since they’re so small. To reduce that likelihood, I’ve installed the case on a spare Apple Lightning dock alongside my iMac, turning the AirPod kit into a desktop charging station of sorts. These personal insecurities aside, I’m thrilled with the AirPods. I’ve long daydreamed about having an Apple audio accessory this reliable and convenient – and it’s now a reality.   PDFpen is your Swiss Army knife for PDFs. Slice and dice with tools for reviewing, editing, signing, redacting, and exporting to Word. With v.8 use digital signatures, and view file & audio attachments. Solve your PDF dilemmas, try PDFpen. <http://smle.us/pdfpen8-tb>   Comments about Apple’s Wireless AirPods Were Worth the Wait To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. AirPods, Apple’s cordless versions of its iconic EarPods, are finally here. Julio Ojeda-Zapata spent time with the Bluetooth earbuds and found them to be worth the wait. Their audio quality is not spectacular, but voice calling works superbly, and wireless pairing with Macs and iOS devices is painless. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Scott Piggott  2016-12-20 19:40 Great article! In your opinion, how does the audio quality of the AirPods compare with the LGs you used in the past? I have the LG Tone HBS-760s that sound pretty good for a bluetooth headset. Trying to decide if the AirPods are a worthwhile upgrade. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2016-12-20 20:35 I just did an audio comparison with the AirPods and two of my LG headsets. It's a bit Apples (heh) and oranges since the hardware fits into the ear pretty differently. That said, the audio is roughly comparable, but the AirPods offer the best compatibility with Apple devices (obviously). Reply Scott Piggott  2016-12-21 09:43 Great. Thanks for your feedback. Reply Emory  2016-12-20 20:50 I'm finding that when using only ONE earbud, to listen to a podcast, the pause/play when removing it from the ear does NOT work well. It usually stops, but when putting it back in the ear (and even moving it around), it does not start playing again, requiring a trip to the iPhone to play. Anyone else finding this? Reply Dan Daranciang  2016-12-21 00:03 I'm thrilled that TidBITS qualified for a review set of AirPods! Reply Dominic  2016-12-21 02:11 Not a word about the Siri experience. I guess it does not feature in your life. Did you try it? Reply Josh Centers   2016-12-21 09:52 Julio mentioned it when discussing the double tap. Other than that, it works just like Siri normally does, both good and bad. Reply Dale Steele  2016-12-24 15:14 Looking forward to more details on performance with Apple TV as a solution for my late night movie habit in a quiet household. If that works reasonably well this seems like the right solution to go with my Apple Watch, iMac & other iOS devices. I wasn't expecting this function based on early reports. Reply Hank Roberts  2017-01-04 21:17 Would they work with the iPhone4 or iPod Gen2? As an old inlaw, I tend to get hand-me-ups from the young techies in the family. Reply Curtis Wilcox   2017-01-05 00:00 No, the AirPods require an iOS device new enough to run iOS 10 or a Mac new enough to run macOS Sierra. AirPods - Technical Specifications https://support.apple.com/kb/SP750 Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. AirPods, Apple’s cordless versions of its iconic EarPods, are finally here. Julio Ojeda-Zapata spent time with the Bluetooth earbuds and found them to be worth the wait. Their audio quality is not spectacular, but voice calling works superbly, and wireless pairing with Macs and iOS devices is painless. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Julio Ojeda-Zapata TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Leisure Home LBoard Pakatan will provide aid but not BR1M, Azmin insists Ho Kit Yen Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 AFP | January 8, 2017 The iPhone -- introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 -- set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone — introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 — set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone’s focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. “Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket,” Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. “Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity.” Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting “infotainment” systems that synch with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. “The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone’s daily life,” Blau said. Altered landscape The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystalized, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. “It’s pretty remarkable what it did,” Maxwell said of the iPhone. “We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it.” Putting the internet in people’s pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialize and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. “It turned the industry on its head,” Maxwell said at CES. “It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape.” The iPhone powered Apple’s money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market. Missed targets Apple chief executive Tim Cook and other top executives saw their compensation for 2016 cut because internal income targets were missed, according to a filing Friday with US regulators. “The two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels,” Apple said in the filing. “These results were below the target performance goals.” Apple reported net sales of $215.6 billion for the fiscal year, with an operating income of $60 billion, the filing indicated. Cook’s pay will tally $8.75 million as compared with $10.3 million in 2015. His base pay jumped to $3 million from $2 million. Apple’s profit in the quarter ending September 24 slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered optimism on company efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. Apple is to release performance figures for the recently ended quarter on January 31. Apple has been working to make more money from services and apps. The iPhone maker said its App Store had its busiest single day ever on New Year’s Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season for the online shop. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion from software creations tailored for Apple devices, according to the company. Meanwhile, eyes are on Apple for its next “big thing” in the face of worry that the company lost its innovative mojo with the passing of Jobs in 2011. Rumors of projects in the works include a self-driving car. “I think they will have a next big thing,” analyst Blau said. “But the future of the company will rely on smaller innovation. And there is nothing wrong with that kind of a business.” Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story FIFA award nominee Faiz receives another Malay costume Chong Wei eyes world title before retirement Explore topics Apple, special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Veteran PAS: Mengapa Jamal campak duit RM1 juta? Mara henti taja bola sepak Kelantan Racial politics not welcome in Johor, ruler warns Mahathir Challenges faced by our graduates Women are always asking for it, right? Henti perang mulut mengenai BR1M, kata Khairy Chettiars strike back over state Hindu body claims Would you live near a cemetery? ‘Boss, boss’ then video on attack ends Safeguard Malaysia’s image at all cost ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Safeguard Malaysia’s image at all cost Challenges faced by our graduates Women are always asking for it, right? The story behind Penang’s 95% debt reduction MCA perlu henti layan jerat politik DAP Corruption in civil service has created trust deficit More... FMT Bahasa Sultan Johor bidas Dr Mahathir Rakyat India geram Amazon jual ‘selipar Mahatma Gandhi’ 3 rakyat Malaysia sertai IS maut di Syria BN menang besar jika balu Adenan jadi calon KWSP mungkin benarkan keluar caruman beli komputer Veteran PAS: Mengapa Jamal campak duit RM1 juta? More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Warmer weather to start melting ice, snow locally Holiday Closures: Martin Luther King Jr. Day Fire rips through Fourth Plain strip mall Vancouver Public Schools says timing right for bond measure Weather Eye: Expect some mess when nature cleans away all this snow Finding care can be a pain in Clark County Community Foundation taking scholarship applications Public meetings for the week of Jan. 15 One hurt, one arrested in stabbing at Vancouver Mall Ilani hiring event draws about 1,600 people Wildlife officials: Feeding birds is fine but not necessary Go ahead, feed the birds. Just realize that you’ll probably get more out of it than they will. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Girls basketball: Union 51, Heritage 31 Boys basketball: Union 71, Heritage 27 Gonzaga stays perfect with rout of St. Mary’s Lewis’ 3 TDs spark Patriots to win Girls basketball: Seton Catholic 54, Castle Rock 33 High school scoreboard 1/15 Clark shakes off snow for sweep of SWOC Late run costs Huskies at Stanford, 76-69 Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance The Seahawks were a talented, yet flawed team that simply couldn't overcome a season-long pattern of inconsistency and some key… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories The cost of dining out Weight when to go to work if feeling ill Failed home sales see bump Human connections can give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn Immigration talk spurring farmers Apple seeking original shows for music service A trial for DirecTV Now is free, but it’s a hard sell for some Berko: Broker hit the bullseye on these 3 strong companies Home video sales shrank again in 2016 as viewers opt for streaming A Siri for your finances? Digit says, ‘Trust me’ The cost of dining out Sorry, diners: Although restaurants got pushback for raising menu prices in 2016, they aren’t expected to cave in and lower… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Duplicity’ delivers packed plot Affleck on roller coaster again ‘Her Every Fear’ a compulsive thriller ‘Patriots Day’ stars focus on the details Chazelle, Jenkins get another award nod Report: Moon may have formed from many small ones World’s most fashionable women feted ‘The Young Pope’ gets politics Sleeper Sac a Snuggie for the kids Works of influential political cartoonist Herblock on display in county Check It Out: Suggestions for Year of the Rooster Cock-a-doodle-doo! In case you hadn’t heard, 2017 is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese astrology. If you felt… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In our View: Farewell, Obama Jayne: Jim Moeller contentedly ponders his political future Estrich: Obamacare may not look so bad Will: Exposing the attack on cold, hard reality Blame game changer Local View: Pointed questions for Trump’s education secretary pick Letter: Keep homeless in mind Letter: An amoral society Letter: Trump saves jobs Letter: Adjust Electoral College Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 15-21 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Annual holiday party for students delayed by snow finally gets its day Everybody has a story: Vets’ friendship stays afloat with cross-country game Volunteer Opportunities Free Clinic raises $185,000 at fundraiser Rocksolid Community Teen Center earns grant in honor of retired teacher Knights, society team up to buy Coats for Kids School’s first Blanket Drive collects 54 blankets Friends of the Carpenter day center receives largest in-kind donation in its history Innovative Services receives grant for assessment kits Happy Hoppers dancers help sort Walk & Knock donations Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Apple Maps strands drivers on Oregon road By Nick Morgan, Mail Tribune Published: January 7, 2017, 4:32 PM A   A A glitch in one of the most popular navigation apps left more than a dozen drivers stranded this week on a snowy road near Mount Ashland. Jackson County Search and Rescue was called out 11 times Friday for vehicles stuck on Colestin Road after drivers followed directions on Apple Maps, according to Sgt. Shawn Richards. “Right now we’ve got everyone turned around, but it’s still very much an issue,” Richards said. As of Friday afternoon, Apple Maps, the default navigation app on iPhone models, still routed travelers heading to California to take Colestin Road because it believes Interstate 5 is closed at the California border. Google Maps, however, correctly instructs drivers to stay on the interstate. I-5 is open, according to Oregon Department of Transportation spokesman Gary Leaming. He said ODOT put a message that read, “Siskiyou Pass open” on its large reader boards near exit 14 and Hilt in light of Apple’s mistake. Messages to Apple weren’t immediately returned Friday. Three families were pulled out of the snow on Colestin Road Thursday night, and a semi-trailer jackknifed while trying to exit the freeway at the Mount Ashland exit while following the app’s directions, according to Leaming. Because of the glitch, Colestin Rural Fire District has posted signs near Exit 6 and the California border, according to Cheri Avgeris, wife of Fire Chief Steve Avgeris. Vehicles that were routed to the steep, narrow, mountain pass have included two-wheel-drive cars, motor homes, rental cars and U-Haul trucks, Cheri Avgeris said. The pass has about 2-1/2 lanes open because of the snow, and temperatures Thursday night were -3 degrees, with a high Friday of 14 degrees. Roads are “icy, really icy,” she said. Further compounding the danger is that cell service is spotty in the area, Avgeris said, and telephone service could be miles away. She noted that James Kim, who died in rural Josephine County in 2006 while following a GPS route in the snow, also lacked cell service. Richards said drivers should use GPS devices and apps only as an assist. “You have to use all your senses,” Richards said. “Turning off of dry freeway? It’s probably inaccurate. You should turn around.” Leaming advised drivers not to trust GPS mapping systems, especially in winter. Stay on state highways that are maintained, stop and ask questions, and use tripcheck.com, he said.   Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg iPhone 8 Will Set New Sales Record, Predict Analysts 7 January 2017, 10:20 am EST By Amy Gordon Tech Times The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Analysts have predicted that the iPhone 8 will help Apple smartphones notch up record sales of 86 million units. Armed with an OLED screen and edgeless display, the iPhone 8 will succeed the iPhone 7.  ( Sean Gallup | Getty Images ) Advertisement Rumors about Apple's upcoming iPhone 8 - codenamed - Ferrari - are swirling online as consumers gear up for the next-gen handset to launch in September. Analysts are predicting that the arrival of the iPhone 8 could turn around Apple's fortunes drastically. Experts believe that the iPhone 8 will propel the company's revenue and help Apple smartphones notch up record sales of 86 million units in Q4 2017. iPhone 8 Forecasts In a note to investors, Jeffrey Kvaal and Gregory McNaff, analysts with Nomura Securities, shared that the next-gen iPhone from Apple i.e. the iPhone 8 would be instrumental in help Apple rake in bigger profits. The analysts are of the belief that in Q4 2017, a "supercycle" will be created which will act as a catalyst for making the iPhone 8 a bigger and more successful product than the iPhone 6. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus received incredible response from consumers as they were the first Apple smartphones to sport the bigger 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. The analysts also forecast that the increase in the number of iOS subscriber base - the number of users deploying iDevices - will further fuel the sales of the iPhone 8. "Consensus calls for 80 million iPhones in F1Q18 (Dec '17) ... only modestly above the iPhone 6 supercycle (75 million). However, we estimate the iPhone 8 will launch into an iOS subscriber base 45-50% larger than the iPhone 6 did and model 86 million iPhones in F1Q18 (from 83 million)," noted the analysts. The increase in the iOS subscriber base since 2014 can largely be attributed to the iPhone 6 per the experts who assert that the smartphone was responsible for driving up the user base by 35 percent. The ensuing devices contributed to a 5 percent to 10 percent increase in the iOS user base. With features like an edgeless display, glass body, elegant design an no physical home button, the iPhone 8 could be a major upgrade in terms of functionality and design. Analysts at Nomura expect that an iPhone 6 buyer is a potential buyer for the iPhone 8, which will likely be released in fall 2017. iPhone 8 Rumors According to reports, the iPhone 8 will feature a new design and novel features. The handset could have a curved screen like that of rival Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge. The successor of the iPhone 7 is also expected to offer wireless battery charging support. Rumors are rife that Apple is possibly revamping its current iPhone design. Amid speculations about the device's hardware being prepared in Israel, rumors suggest that for the first time in the history of Apple, the camera and Touch ID will be incorporated in the device's display.  According to a previous Tech Times report, Apple could launch three models of the next-gen iPhone: two 4.7-inch models with TFT-LCD screens and a 5.5-inch iPhone with an OLED screen. The bigger model may also feature a dual-camera setup and Apple could release this variant of the handset with a curved OLED screen. The launch of three iPhones in 2017 will undoubtedly aid Apple in grabbing a substantial chunk of the smartphone market. While Apple is staying mum on its future plans, consumers and tech gurus alike are looking forward to the surprises the company has in store as it will celebrate the 10-year anniversary of the iPhone this year.  TAG Apple, iPhone 8, Smartphone, iPhone 7 © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple iPad Pro 2 Specs And Features That Will Make It A Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Killer Weak Apple Performance And Missed Goals Deal $1.5 Million Blow To CEO Tim Cook's Salary For 2016 iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple Working On All-Glass Design To Allow Faster Wireless Charging Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More iPhone 8 Specs Rumors: Analyst Believes Next iPhones With Dual-Lens Camera Will Have Redesigned Telephoto Lens From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Welcome to Arab News Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media World’s 8 richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos World’s 8 richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion Paris meet tells Israel, Palestine: Refrain from unilateral steps Iran ‘will not renegotiate N-deal’ Royal visit a boost to Saudi-Spanish ties Kingdom-Spain ties: Both countries share common stances on many issues Health Ministry, Umm Al-Qura sign pilgrims safety agreement SEHAI signs accord with 8 firms to employ graduates Trainees express satisfaction at training at TVTC colleges and institutes You are here Home Dow misses 20,000 milestone Business & Economy Dow misses 20,000 milestone Reuters | Published — Sunday 8 January 2017 NEW YORK: The Dow came within one point of 20,000 for the first time on Friday and the Nasdaq and S&P 500 reached record highs, boosted by Apple, extending a two-month rally fueled by optimism about US President-elect Donald Trump. Apple climbed 1.1 percent after Canada’s Competition Bureau did not find sufficient evidence the iPhone maker had engaged in anti-competitive conduct, closing a two-year investigation into the company. Wall Street has been on a tear since Trump won the election, with the Dow up 9 percent as investors bet he will stimulate the economy with lower taxes and infrastructure spending. While Friday’s gains suggested the rally was not yet over, some investors have grown cautious. “The market’s advance is understandable because of the economic stimulus optimism associated with a new Trump presidency,” said CFRA chief investment strategist Sam Stovall. “But parabolic market advances traditionally experience digestion of these gains, and I do not think this time will be any different.” The record trading session followed a US Labor Department report that showed the economy added fewer-than-expected jobs last month but wages increased, suggesting resilience in the labor market. Stocks did not react significantly to a report that five people were dead in a shooting at Florida’s Fort Lauderdale airport. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 64.51 points, or 0.32 percent, to end at 19,963.8 points. The index rose as high as 19,999.63 but lost ground. Goldman Sachs rose 1.48 percent, helping the Dow more than any other stock. The S&P 500 gained 7.98 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,276.98, its highest close ever. The Nasdaq Composite added 33.12 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,521.06, also a record. Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors rose, led by the technology sector’s 0.96 percent gain. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent while the S&P gained 1.7 percent and the Nasdaq jumped 2.6 percent. Facebook STAY CONNECTED Follow @Arab_News Tweets by @Arab_News Download The App! Latest in Business & Economy World’s 8 richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos DAVOS Switzerland Just eight individuals all men own as much wealth as the poorest half of the... FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion JEDDAH Saudi Arabia is the largest facilities management FM market in the Gulf representing some... Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength DUBAI The Tadawul All Share Index TASI added 0 1 percent on Sunday Nine of the top 10 performers... E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study MANILA Electronic waste is rising sharply across Asia as higher incomes allow hundreds of... Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plan fails LONDON Britain warned Sunday it might undercut the EU economically if it cannot obtain both... Insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day Scott Ozawa s Bluetooth enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he... US top court to weigh time limits on SEC recovery of illegal profits WASHINGTON The US Supreme Court agreed on Friday to hear a case involving a New Mexico based... Retail group launches training for entry-level job seekers NEW YORK Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs nonprofit groups and chains such as Wal Mart... Prince Sultan honors Mobily Prince Sultan bin Salman chairman of Saudi Aviation Club honored Mobily for its exclusive... ENEC CEO highlights contribution to strategic sectors The Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation ENEC has participated in the inaugural Atlantic Council... UN, World Bank among World Government Summit participants The World Government Summit WGS has announced 10 new developments on the agenda of its upcoming... DAMAC completes Versace-designed homes in Beirut DAMAC Properties one of the region s largest luxury real estate developers announced that its... ADFD contributes $200m for King Hussein Medical City Abu Dhabi Fund for Development ADFD announced a AED735 million 200 million UAE grant earmarked... Egypt to cut subsidies, raise taxes CAIRO Egypt will make further cuts to energy subsidies raise taxes and seek more international... China’s major cities target slower growth in 2017 BEIJING Some of China s largest cities have witnessed slow economic growth in 2016 and the trend... China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as US lags DETROIT Electric cars will pick up critical momentum in 2017 many in the auto industry believe... Around Arab News World’s 8 richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos DAVOS Switzerland Just eight individuals all men own as much wealth as the poorest half of the... FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion JEDDAH Saudi Arabia is the largest facilities management FM market in the Gulf representing some... Paris meet tells Israel, Palestine: Refrain from unilateral steps PARIS A Middle East peace conference in Paris on Sunday warned Israel and the Palestinians... Iran ‘will not renegotiate N-deal’ DUBAI TEHRAN Iran will not renegotiate its nuclear agreement with world powers even if it faces... Davos has potential to be more than just hot air in a cold climate Travelers from the Arabian Gulf to the World Economic Forum s WEF 47th annual meeting which kicks... Royal visit a boost to Saudi-Spanish ties RIYADH The three day visit to Saudi Arabia by Spain s King Felipe Vl is a shot in the arm for... Kingdom-Spain ties: Both countries share common stances on many issues RIYADH Saudi Spanish relations are based not only on traditional friendship and mutual respect... Outstanding results for talented Saudi students in Malaysia camp RIYADH Students from the Talented Center are representing Saudi Arabia at the global camp in... Health Ministry, Umm Al-Qura sign pilgrims safety agreement JEDDAH Minister of Health Tawfiq Al Rabiah and Dr Bakri bin M atoog bin Bakri Assas president of... SEHAI signs accord with 8 firms to employ graduates RIYADH The Saudi Electronics for Home Appliances Institute SEHAI recently signed agreements with... Trainees express satisfaction at training at TVTC colleges and institutes RIYADH A recent study issued by the Technical and Vocational Training Corporation TVTC showed... Saudi student survives attack in US JEDDAH Saudi student Mohammad Zaid Al Fadheel has survived an attack in the US state of Kentucky... Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength DUBAI The Tadawul All Share Index TASI added 0 1 percent on Sunday Nine of the top 10 performers... E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study MANILA Electronic waste is rising sharply across Asia as higher incomes allow hundreds of... Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plan fails LONDON Britain warned Sunday it might undercut the EU economically if it cannot obtain both... Kerry urges Trump administration to attend Syria peace talks PARIS US Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday urged the incoming Trump administration to... Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Your Ad Privacy & Terms of Service © 2016 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Samsung blinks first, makes Gear smartwatches work with your iPhone – CNET Posted on January 7, 2017 by CNET The Apple Watch doesn’t work with Android phones — but your Samsung watch might now work with Apple. Today, Samsung has released a pair of apps on Apple’s iOS App Store which allow the Samsung Gear S2, Gear S3, and Gear Fit 2 wearables to pair … iPhone owners might want to think about a Samsung Gear smartwatchMashable Samsung Releases iOS Apps for its Gear Family of SmartwatchesMac Rumors Samsung’s smartwatch lineup now works with your iPhoneEngadget The Verge -Phone Arena -9 to 5 Mac -Tech Times all 13 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ח טבת תשע"ז   |   Sunday, January 15, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Boosted by Apple, Wall Street Parties Like It’s 19,999 Boosted by Apple, Wall Street Parties Like It’s 19,999 Saturday, January 7, 2017 at 5:35 pm | ט' טבת תשע"ז A broker follows stock prices at the NYSE, Dec. 21, 2016. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) (Reuters) - The Dow came within one point of 20,000 for the first time on Friday and the Nasdaq and S&P 500 reached record highs, boosted by Apple, extending a two-month rally fueled by optimism about President-elect Donald Trump. Apple climbed 1.1 percent after Canada’s Competition Bureau did not find sufficient evidence the iPhone maker had engaged in anti-competitive conduct, closing a two-year investigation into the company. Wall Street has been on a tear since Trump won the election, with the Dow up 9 percent as investors bet he will stimulate the economy with lower taxes and infrastructure spending. While Friday’s gains suggested the rally was not yet over, some investors have grown cautious. “The market’s advance is understandable because of the economic stimulus optimism associated with a new Trump presidency,” said CFRA chief investment strategist Sam Stovall. “But parabolic market advances traditionally experience digestion of these gains, and I don’t think this time will be any different.” The record trading session followed a Labor Department report that showed the economy added fewer than expected jobs last month but wages increased, suggesting resilience in the labor market. Stocks did not react significantly to a report that five people were dead in a shooting at Florida’s Fort Lauderdale airport. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 64.51 points, or 0.32 percent, to end at 19,963.8 points. The index rose as high as 19,999.63 but lost ground. Goldman Sachs rose 1.48 percent, helping the Dow more than any other stock. The S&P 500 gained 7.98 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,276.98, its highest close ever. The Nasdaq Composite added 33.12 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,521.06, also a record. Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors rose, led by the technology sector’s 0.96 percent gain. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent while the S&P gained 1.7 percent and the Nasdaq jumped 2.6 percent. The strength of fourth-quarter earnings reports from U.S. companies over the next few weeks will be closely watched by investors eyeing high stock valuations. Following its recent gains, the S&P 500 is trading at about 17 times expected earnings, pricey compared to its 10-year average of 14, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. Analysts on average expect fourth-quarter earnings to rise 6.1 percent compared to a year before, when slumping oil prices crippled energy companies, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.11-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.21-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 24 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 76 new highs and 15 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, a bit under the 6.7 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Filed under: Dow Jones, Markets Print Email Gmail Related Energy Shares, Apple Weigh on Wall Street Wall Street Ends Week at Record Highs Wall Street Rises, Dow Racks Up 7th Straight Weekly Gain Wall Street Pulls Off a Rare Four-Day Winning Streak Wall Street Rallies, Led by Deutsche Bank, Financials More in Business Business Briefs – January 16, 2017 Wells Fargo Quarterly Earnings Fall in Wake of Bogus-Accounts Scandal Lockheed CEO Tells Trump Company Will Add 1,800 F-35 Jobs in Fort Worth Tax Filers Claiming Earned Income Tax Credit to Face Refund Delay This Year AUTO REVIEW: 2017 Genesis G90 Flagship Sedan Carves Out a Spot for Modest Luxury OP-ED Obamacare Repeal and Replacement: The Case for Moving Quickly A Last-Minute, Ill-Conceived Gambit A ‘Good Relationship’ With Russia Shouldn’t Be Trump’s Priority Don’t Defund the U.N. — Find Other Ways to Help Israel The Zeal to Repeal When Words Sprout Wings P.M. Netanyahu’s Delaying Tactics on Shabbos Great People in Our Midst Hypocritic Oath Searching for Answers Cold War Relic, Present Day Threat President Obama’s Foreign Policy Was Error After Error The Horrific Florida Shooting Russia Hacking Report is an Indictment of Obama, Not Trump Features Sudoku – January 16, 2017 This Day In History 18 Teves/January 16 Nichum Aveilim 18 Teves/January 16 Inculcating Hakaras Hatov in the Home Mrs. Etya Kleinman (Part III) Editorial Cartoon – January 16, 2017 Shaking Things Can Wealth and Torah Go Together? Parashat Vayechi Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 15 Teves/January 13 For the Boys Editorial Cartoon – January 13, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 15 Teves/January 13 Weather » Brooklyn 34°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) S&P 500 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9409 GBP 0.8307 ILS 3.8184 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise 500 Events Subscribe 5 min read Make More Happen How to Be Interesting When Everything Has Already Been Said Knowing how to tell your story makes all the difference. Image credit: Hero Images | Getty Images Parth Misra Contributor Marketing Consultant, Writer at Quill Canvas ---Shares January 7, 2017 Anyone who's been writing for any length of time knows the feeling -- that goose bump-filled rush of epiphany as you realize the idea you just had is just out of this world. "No way has anyone else thought of this!" you say to yourself. You rush to the computer to find out more, only to discover the topic has already been discussed at length, in a depressingly different number of ways. Why creating original content is so elusive. Everything that could have been said has already been spoken in hundreds or even thousands of different iterations, so why should anyone listen to you? After all, chances are everyone has already heard it before, right? There's a lot of advice on writing original content, ranging from the generic "be helpful, solve a problem" to the well-known "good artists copy, great artists steal." But such instruction often inspires half-baked, repetitive content, and even worse, misses the point entirely. Related: The Tragedy of Selling Yourself Short Originality can only become a problem if we are trying to be someone we are not. Fortunately, there's a simple way around this -- tell your story instead. Think back to your company's beginnings. Most entrepreneurs have a really good reason behind why they started a company. A deep-seated sense of purpose drives them. They are either confronted with a problem that has no immediate or effective solution or are simply unable to accept the status quo and want change. The majority will also have a past checkered with years of trials, disappointments, drama and passion -- with small measures of success here and there that ultimately adds up to something substantial. Stories such as these are intensely exciting and relatable -- which is also why they make such great movies. Take for instance, the tale of how Apple got its name. Some believed the name was given in honor of Apple Records, The Beatle's music label, while others thought it represented the forbidden apple of knowledge bitten by Eve. But Steve Job's biography states he named the company Apple after coming back from an apple orchard (while on a fruitarian diet) because he thought it will be "fun, spirited and not intimidating." Quite anticlimactic, I know, but this is a perfect example of how great stories turn into folklore and legend. A company doesn't have to be an Apple, Facebook or Google to have an awesome story though. People with humble backgrounds going on to do amazing things makes for a very compelling read any day. Since every company's history is obviously unique, it makes the perfect starting point for a marketing strategy. Related: The World-Changing Power of Sharing Your Story Turning brand story into brand message. By focusing on your past experiences, you are in effect trying to circle back to the why behind your company's existence. Drawing on your professional and personal experiences is the best and shortest way of creating unique content that is relatable, memorable and relevant. Here are some questions to consider asking yourself: Why does your company exist, or what is its purpose? What prompted you to start a business? What do you think is wrong with your industry and/or the world in general? What were your challenges, and how did you overcome them? Any unique, creative takes on problems that you are proud to talk about? What were some of your major triumphs and failures? These and other similar questions can help shape your brand's marketing strategy into more well-defined subjects and themes that can be used to create content such as blog posts, website pages, articles, newsletters and videos. Of course, don't just rely on your insights. Your team members will have similar experiences, so give them a chance to contribute as well. People are tired of companies constantly trying to pitch their latest products to them. Stories on the other hand, fire up people's imaginations, and give them hope and a cause to strive towards. So, telling what you've been through can help people relate with your mission. A listener may, in fact, feel lost in the story if he/she finds it interesting. The narrative transportation theory, as it's called, states that people may feel like they have been teleported to the world of their character in a story they can identify with. They may zone out, lose track of time and experience strong emotions as a result. Research by Paul Zak found that character driven storytelling led to the production of a hormone called oxytocin in test subjects. Also known as the "cuddle hormone," oxytocin promotes empathy, motivates prosocial behavior and helps people bond together. Related: No One Cares What You Do But Your Story Could Make Them Cry Closing thoughts. Entrepreneurs and explorers have a lot in common. Both have a risk-taking attitude, like to look for new ways to do things rather than settle for what's already available, and both have an amazing story to tell. Revealing your knowledge and insights in the context of your journey and experience makes the learning process far more enjoyable and relatable. Finally, any story is also a perpetual work in progress. While what's behind you will no doubt make for a good narrative, remember a new page is being added to it daily. Everyday experiences can be turned into engaging content and shared with an audience too. You should try it out. Marketing Entrepreneurs Branding Storytelling Content Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Marketing Webinar | Jan. 19 Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2017 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2017 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds... STAY INFORMED. GET INSPIRED. Get our Best of the Week Newsletter direct to your inbox Invalid Email
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Here's How Cirrus Logic Doubled in 2016 When Apple is your largest customer, small changes to that client's most popular devices can make a big difference to your sales and earnings. That's exactly what happened here in 2016. Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Jan 7, 2017 at 3:00PM Image source: Getty Images. What happened Shares of Cirrus Logic (NASDAQ:CRUS) doubled in 2016, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. Investors in the audio-processor specialist enjoyed a 96.4% return in 52 weeks. So what You can't own Cirrus Logic without keeping a close eye on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Cirrus' largest customer accounted for 66% of the company's total sales in fiscal year 2016. That's down from 72% in 2015 and 80% in 2014, but Apple remains the core of Cirrus' business. So when Apple adds more Cirrus chips to its most popular product, the chip supplier's top and bottom lines are sure to turn upward in a hurry. That's exactly what happened in calendar year 2016, as the iPhone 7 shipped with Cirrus-powered wireless headphones instead of the traditional 3.5-millimeter headphone jack. Thanks to Apple's expanding order volume, Cirrus demolished sales and earnings targets in the back half of the year. Share prices followed suit in a hurry: CRUS data by YCharts. Now what Here we stand at the start of a new year, with fresh holiday-quarter reports from both Apple and Cirrus due in a couple of weeks. Independent reports claim that the Cupertino company recently slashed its iPhone 7 production volumes in response to soft demand for the flagship smartphone. Cirrus fell hard on that rumor, but also bounced back quickly as investors forgot about the reported production cuts. Honestly, owning Cirrus or Apple shares right now would keep me up at night. Those earnings reports will settle a lot of questions about the iPhone's trend line, and therefore about Cirrus' financial future. The company is diversifying to the best of its ability, but the Apple connection is still tight enough to add an uncomfortable amount of downside risk. When Apple stumbles, Cirrus falls -- and it's a long way down from here. Investors would be wise to hold off on buying Cirrus shares until we have the holiday numbers in hand. Anders Bylund has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool also recommends Cirrus Logic. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life. Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract. Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+. Article Info Jan 7, 2017 at 3:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.04 down $0.21 (-0.18%) Cirrus Logic NASDAQ:CRUS $57.38 up $1.27 (2.26%) Read More Why Cirrus Logic, Inc. Stock Soared Thursday Morning 3 Tech Stocks That Soared This Week Apple Inc. Chip Suppliers Ready for iPhone 7 Orders Cirrus Logic Inc. Soars on iPhone 6s Content Gain Cirrus Logic Inc. Soars Despite Terrible Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Here's How Cirrus Logic Doubled in 2016 #stocks $AAPL, $CRUS
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News Apple sales slip, costing CEO Tim Cook's paycheck By Eric DuVall   |   Updated Jan. 7, 2017 at 4:25 PM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo CUPERTINO, Calif., Jan. 7 (UPI) -- Apple CEO Tim Cook's annual compensation took a 15 percent hit in 2016 after the company failed to meet sales and revenue targets for the first time since 2009, filings show. Cook's annual cash bonus is tied to the tech giant meeting financial goals. Flagging sales of its signature iPhone, especially in China, were to blame for the less-than-expected sales numbers for the fiscal year, The Wall Street Journal reported. In all, the company said annual sales were $215.6 billion, 3.7 percent below its target. Its operating income was $60 billion, 0.5 percent off the company's target, Apple said in regulatory filings for the fiscal year that ended in September. It was the company's first decrease in annual revenue in 15 years. Apple overestimated global appetite for its iPhone 6S, released in early 2016. Domestic sales for iPhones dipped for the first time since Apple introduced the world's most popular smartphone. In particular, Chinese iPhone sales decreased amid increased competition from lower-cost Chinese smartphone companies that saw sales jump by 87 percent in 2016. Apple was also plagued by problems rolling out its wireless headphones, which got to market two months later than expected. Priced at $159, the headphones were crucial to the rollout of the iPhone 7, the design of which eliminated a headphone port, making Bluetooth headphones the only option for personal listening using the device. Still, demand for the iPhone 7 and the larger iPhone 7 Plus exceeded supply, delaying purchases. Some of those sales will be reflected in the company's Fiscal 2017 sales numbers. While sales of the Apple Watch were strong and revenue from its streaming services iTunes and Apple TV were not enough to offset the lagging iPhone sales, which comprised 63 percent of the company's total sales revenue. Still, Apple remains by far the world's most valuable company, with a market capitalization of $600 billion. It also benefitted from the disastrous rollout of chief competitor Samsung's signature Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, which has faced global recalls after batteries began exploding or starting on fire. Cook's salary for 2016 was $8.75 million, down from $10.3 million in 2015. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Donald Trump inauguration schedule of events, performers and inaugural balls CES 2017: Five gadgets to help consumers get healthy Hulu strikes deal with CBS for upcoming TV service Comments Topics: Tim Cook Latest Headlines Airbag-maker Takata to pay $1B; execs charged with fraud 2 days ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- The Justice Department announced Friday a settlement with auto parts-maker Takata over a flawed airbag device that's killed at least 17 people. Sparton Corporation, Ultra Electronics to produce sonobuoys 2 days ago COLUMBIA CITY, Ind., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Sparton Corporation and Ultra Electronics Holdings are to receive $30.3 million subcontracts for the manufacture of sonobuoys for the U.S. Navy. Lockheed Martin CEO finalizing F-35 deal with Trump 2 days ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson met with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to discuss program costs for the F-35 aircraft. Eurofighter signs support deals for Typhoon fighters 2 days ago HALLBERGMOOS, Germany, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Eurofighter Jagdflugzeug GmbH has signed two contracts for the support of Typhoon fighters flown by four NATO countries. Italy joins EUROSAM's Aster 30 B1NT program 2 days ago ROME, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- EUROSAM, a consortium formed by Thales Group and MBDA Systems, has formally welcomed Italy to its Aster 30 Block 1 NT program. BAE Systems producing howitzers for India 2 days ago ARLINGTON, Va., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- BAE Systems is producing ultra-lightweight howitzers for the Indian army as a result of a Foreign Military Sales deal between the Indian and U.S. governments. U.S. Navy's ALMDS reaches initial operating capability 2 days ago MELBOURNE, Fla., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Northrop Grumman's AN/AES-1 Airborne Laser Mine Detection System has achieved initial operational capability with the U.S. Navy. U.S. Navy helos getting Lockheed Martin counter-missile capability 2 days ago SYRACUSE, N.Y., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- U.S. Navy MH-60R or MH-60S helicopters are to receive an enhanced electronic warfare system for defeating anti-ship missiles. Boeing inks deal for 205 planes with Indian airline SpiceJet 2 days ago NEW DELHI, Jan. 13 (UPI) -- Indian airline SpiceJet has signed a deal to purchase up to 205 airplanes from U.S. manufacturer Boeing, the company announced Friday. Honest Company recalls organic baby powder 2 days ago SANTA MONICA , Calif., Jan. 13 (UPI) -- The Honest Company, maker of eco-friendly consumer products co-founded by actress Jessica Alba, announced a recall of its organic baby powder. Trending Stories U.S. Navy helos getting Lockheed Martin counter-missile capability Eurofighter signs support deals for Typhoon fighters U.S. Navy expecting USS Gerald R. Ford delivery in April BAE Systems producing howitzers for India Egypt set for a gas turnaround More Collections Who's who in Trump's administration Best of CES 2017 Winners backstage at the 2017 Golden Globes Presidential speeches: Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 8 Exciting iPad Pro Accessories Craig Lloyd09/18/2015 The iPad Pro was announced and unveiled last week during Apple’s iPhone 6s event. The new tablet won’t release until November, but here are some exciting new accessories that you’ll be able to buy for the iPad Pro once the tablet is officially released. Advertisement The iPad Pro is Apple’s latest addition to the iPad lineup, but it’s not just any ordinary iPad. It’s not just an update to the iPad Air or the iPad mini, but rather a full-blown all-new tablet that Apple has come up with. While the iPad Pro largely keeps the same design and shape as the iPad Air and iPad mini series, the new tablet has a larger 12.9-inch display, which is the main feature that gives the new slate its name. Read: 11 Exciting iPad Pro Features Advertisement The iPad Pro also comes with Apple’s fastest processor yet, equipped with the A9X and having 4GB of memory to tackle any job that’s thrown the tablet’s way. It’s a tablet aimed at professionals that work out in the field and need a portable machine to do their work. A laptop might do, but the iPad Pro aims to be the ultimate portable workhorse. Advertisement Other than its larger size and faster performance, the iPad Pro is actually a rather normal tablet. However, accessories are great products to turn something normal into a powerhouse of a device. Here are eight exciting iPad Pro accessories that you’ll be able to buy soon. Apple Smart Cover   1 / 8 Just like with all of the other iPads, the iPad Pro will have its own Smart Cover made by Apple. The Smart Cover is a detachable cover that you can get for the iPad Pro that attaches using magnets and covers your iPad's screen when you're not using it. When you do want to use it, simply fold back the Smart Cover and it will automatically turn the screen on. The Smart Cover can also double as an iPad stand at two different angles, although we wish there were more angles that you can adjust it to, since the two different angles aren't ideal for every situation.   1 / 8 2 Responses 09/20/2015 Cliffacampbell Reply 0=8my buddy’s aunt makes $82 /hour on the internet . She has been without work for eight months but last month her payment was $14597 just working on the internet for a few hours. published here… See More 01/07/2017 michal32 Reply I disagree. Look at http://www.mactrast.com/2016/03/no-cant-use-ipad-air-2-smart-covers-9-7-inch-ipad-pro/ – Michal Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 5 Reasons Not to Install OS X El Capitan and 7 Reasons You Should Josh Smith09/02/2016 The latest OS X El Capitan update is available and it is a major upgrade for many users. Unlike small patches, the OS X 10.11 update is a big jump that includes new features and system-wide changes. Advertisement There are many reasons to install OS X El Capitan, there are also some reasons to skip the OS X 10.11 update — and stay on OS X Yosemite. The advice rings true almost a year after the OS X El Capitan release date as Apple prepares a new macOS Sierra update. In September Apple offers up another important reason to install OS X 10.11.6 and to install a security update that just arrived. This update doesn’t change the version number, but it is an important one to install. If you are still on OS X Yosemite there is a security update for that as well. Apple fixed a MacBook Pro freezing problem with the last update, and focuses on performance and security fixes. Users who are still on OS X Yosemite may want to hold off until the macOS Sierra release date this fall if they don’t want to upgrade twice in the span of a few months. This advice works for upgrading from OS X Yosemite to OS X El Capitan as well as for installing new OS X El Capitan updates that bring fixes like OS X 10.11.6. Advertisement Reasons to install OS X El Capitan and reasons not to install. We’ve heard from users who bought new Macs in 2016 and found them running OS X Yosemite, which brought them to this decision. Apple’s OS X El Capitan release arrived in Fall 2015 with a new look thanks to a new font, increased multitasking capabilities with options to snap windows to the sides of the screen and it may solve your OS X Yosemite WiFi problems — but it could also add new WiFi problems. The OS X 10.11.2 release delivered fixes for WiFi problems, fixes for Handoff and Airdrop reliability, Bluetooth connectivity fixes and more. Apple released OS X 10.11.3 in January with enterprise fixes and fixes for users that use 4K monitors. The company just recently delivered the OS X 10.11.4 update with many changes. The OS X 10.11.3 update includes a number of fixes, but no new features. The OS X 10.11.4 update changes include; Advertisement Adds the ability to passcode-protect notes containing personal data in Notes Adds the ability to sort notes alphabetically, by date created, or date modified in Notes Adds the ability to import Evernote files into Notes Adds support for sharing Live Photos between iOS and OS X via AirDrop and Messages Addresses an issue that may cause RAW images to open slowly in Photos Adds the ability for iBooks to store PDFs in iCloud, making them available across all your devices Fixes an issue that prevented loading Twitter t.co links in Safari Prevents JavaScript dialogs from blocking access to other webpages in Safari Fixes an issue that prevented the VIPs mailbox from working with Gmail accounts Fixes an issue that caused USB audio devices to disconnect Improves the compatibility and reliability of Apple USB-C Multiport Adapters The Notes upgrade ties into the iOS 9.3 feature, which means you will want to update if you plan to lock notes on your iPhone with iOS 9.3. The OS X 10.11.5 update with security and bug fixes, including a major fix for the MacBook Pro freezing. In the latest OS X 10.11.6 update there are no new features listed, but it does include security updates and bug fixes. You can sign up to test the next OS X beta using this program if you want to try the update early. The OS X El Capitan update release arrived to a rush of users looking to upgrade, but you don’t need to install an update on day one to get the benefits. There are some great reasons to upgrade, but there are also important reasons to wait. According to GoSquared, 56% of Mac users are on OS X El Capitan at the start of June 2016. The number is down slightly in July, likely due to some users trying the macOS Sierra beta. If you haven’t made up your mind yet, here is a look at the reasons to install OS X El Capitan with the OS X 10.11.6 update and the few reasons you shouldn’t upgrade just yet. After you educate yourself about the benefits and risks you can decide for yourself when you want to update. You Have Mac WiFi Problems   1 / 12 If you have WiFi problems on your Mac with OS X Yosemite you should consider being one of the first to upgrade to OS X El Capitan.  Apple put a lot of effort into fixing these problems and continues to address Mac WiFi problems with the OS X 10.11.2 update. These appear to be stable in the OS X 10.11.4 update. Apple switches back to the old tool it used for network connectivity on your Mac. With the return of mDNSResponder, your OS X Yosemite WiFi problems should be a thing of the past.  Users who are already on OS X El Capitan should consider instaling the OS X El Capitan 10.11.6 update as it includes a previously released fix for WiFI reliability.  If you still have WiFi problems, check out our guide to fix common OS X El Capitan problems.    1 / 12 122 Responses 10/01/2015 Georgiaarapier Reply 0=102my classmate’s mother makes $78 every hour on the internet . She has been laid off for nine months but last month her check was $14234 just working on the internet for a few hours. find out here… See More 10/08/2015 Shlong Darwin Reply You should talk about how much money your classmate’s mother makes. Bad Boy. Let me know if your mother wants to make some money. I have loads lying with me. 01/04/2016 123456 Reply You from darwin?? and lol at the reply 04/14/2016 ulik2sxmdx Reply dude send that b over my way when you’re done with her… i have some experiments to run with my test stick. 10/25/2015 Notsostupid Asyouthink Reply So you find a place where to post spam and phishing offers… Of course, everyone believes your story and will rush to your link… For every thief who dies, there are 10 newly born thieves… 11/16/2015 Al Bundi Reply I would love to send you a donation cheque. Where would I mail it to? 01/09/2016 the other wasp whispererererer….er, er Reply mail it to me. “the other wasp whisperer” woo hoo!!!! 01/10/2016 the other wasp whispererererer….er, er Reply ok you dick measuring, testosterone controlled drunk and feeling groovy party animals, a really small percentage of you have even slightly addressed the topic of,”who wants to upgrade and why should you and why should you not, to el capitain. frankly change scares the living love of little baby jesus out of me. i’m comfy and cozy with what i have. so… why should we upgrade or not? please get to the freeking point y’all. jaheeeez! now, take another big chug of your cognac, or 4 locos, and get back to ….us. thanks. godddduhhhh! 03/06/2016 mac Reply you are a liar SIR 08/21/2016 Ryan Rydberg Reply Asshole! 10/01/2015 Igon Cang Reply “Until you upgrade your notes from iOS 9 will not sync to your Mac.” Does leaving out the omma after the word “upgrade” cost you money or are you plain jackass stupid? 10/04/2015 B-Pup Reply Jackass stupid is, as jackass stupid does. No “c” in “comma”, huh? 10/02/2015 redman Reply I guess as stupid as someone who leaves a “C” off Comma 10/04/2015 matt Reply 5th reason to install el captain you want to use your mac to fast charge your new iPhone 6s / 6s+ ! a computer running Yosemite, cannot charge the new iPhones past 1000ma. if you have a computer and you want to use it to charge your new iPhone at 2100ma ( which is what the ipad takes ) you are required to upgrade to el Capitan. 10/06/2015 Chris M Reply Article Fail. Find/replace Windows 9 with Yosemite and Find/replace Windows 10 with El Capitan and voila! 90% of your Mac blog post is done. I will just skip directly to the Apple Support Communities next time. 11/08/2015 Zach S. Reply You sad sad person. I’m sorry to hear you think Yosemite or El Capitan could replace Windows 9 or 10. Macs are the slow retarded cousin to Windows computers. 12/19/2015 Gaart Skarsgard Reply You’re the retard….MS never made a Windows version 9!!!! 01/02/2016 luaemu Reply That’s because most games have a scrip which if the version name of the OS has a 9 (specifically, Windows 9) it will register as Windows 95 or 98. So, if they made Windows 9, the gamers would never switch to it, and be outraged. 01/18/2016 sean Iuaemu, you win the award for most retarded comment. 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Yes Zach, Apple has peaked and is on the slow decline. This once great company is headed by the Steve Ballmer of Microsoft….his name is Tim Cook. Microsoft stock has good activity whereas Apple stock….is stale. Windows 10 is great. Mac’s El Capitan is fraught with problems. Good for Microsoft, too bad for Apple. Google based OS systems are the best and improving all the time. 03/19/2016 Rob Lozano (@capnsmoozshaff) Reply I’ve been hearing the same comment for almost a decade 10/13/2015 The Pixel Hobo Reply Does the inherent and maddening issue Yosemite Mail disappear with El Capitan? Mail only loads correctly with Yosemite if I hold down Shift when launching the software. Biggest OSX nightmare to date in 15yrs working with Mac 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Apple has peaked and is on the slow decline. This once great company is headed by the Steve Ballmer of Microsoft….his name is Tim Cook. Microsoft stock has good activity whereas Apple stock….is stale. Windows 10 is great. Mac’s El Capitan is fraught with problems. The problems began with Yosemite. Good for Microsoft, too bad for Apple. Google based OS systems are the best and improving all the time. 08/21/2016 Ryan Rydberg Reply Amen! Tim Cook, Marissa Mayer, Steve Ballmer…. There is a call for Incompetent CEOs Hall of Fame. 08/21/2016 Jane Reply Yes Ryan, “The Hall Of Shame” for CEO’S 10/15/2015 David Pappas Reply Don’t write a blog if your information is general douchery. 10/29/2015 loser Reply this is a stupid nothing article that offers no real information 11/02/2015 Lucas Reply ^ and that is a stupider reply that offers even less. 01/27/2016 Ry Reply Stupider… Nice. 11/03/2015 Anjana Dutt Reply My iMac has completely crashed after installing El Capitan!! Help! It’s a relatively new Mac … 4 years old so that couldn’t be the problem…now what do I do? 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Anjana, Apple has peaked and is on the slow decline. This once great company is headed by the Steve Ballmer of Microsoft….his name is Tim Cook. Windows 10 is great. Mac’s El Capitan is fraught with problems. Good for Microsoft, too bad for Apple. Google based OS systems are the best and improving all the time. I believe this is the best value and getting better every year. Apple is arrogant. They will take your money but not stand behind their product. 02/06/2016 H.Simpson Reply Jane, please blow me. 02/06/2016 Jane Reply So brave behind an annonymous keyboard. Did Mommy teach you that? 02/22/2016 Nilpo Reply You keep posting this, but it’s not true if you value your privacy. Google is the king of data mining and ChromeOS is yet another tool in their toolbox. 11/03/2015 Paolo Oddenino Paris Reply Il mio nome e’ Paolo Oddenino Paris, di Trofarello (TO). Sono un imbroglione che per denaro e sete di potere mi sono inventato una via iniziatica essena e cristica che io stesso non ho mai percorso e per questo chiedo perdono a tutti. Non sono un operal rosso e non sono neppure degno di rappresentare l’operal nero, tutt’alpiu’ di quest’ultimo sono solo una debole vittima e me ne vergogno tantissimo. Chiedo anche perdono a tutte quelle persone a cui ho fatto del male, alle donne che ho violentato o che ho attirato con l’inganno e a tutte quelle altre persone a cui ho tradito la loro fiducia come ad es. Andrea Crema Ughetti di Torino che ho calugnato e isolato ingiustamente: spero solo che Dio abbia pieta’ della mia anima. 08/21/2016 Ryan Rydberg Reply Definitivamente, Dio non ritenne opportuno darti un cervello e ti mando’ nel mondo come un cretino. 11/08/2015 Jose Osorio Reply OSX EL CAPITAN, has some how some problem and should be surveid. I have installed in my max, and i lost a lot of valuable informationm, e mails ect…. Luckly I had backed up my information a few day before, but still I do not recommended until offers safe instalation. So I have my other 2 Macs in standby until is safe to do it… 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Jose, Apple doesn’t acknowledge any mistakes. Their updates just compound the existing problems. 11/10/2015 Joerg B. von Veltar Dr. Reply Your notes are useless, sound very like being paid by Apple and try to make the even worst issues are the users fault. I am an Apple fan and user since 1983 and have gone through 33 major OS update. Some has some light issues and they where fixed in time. This El Capitan is the worst OS update ever and shows total disrespect to Apple users. Cook and Schiller last total touch to the people who make them billionaire. Its disgracing. It seems to be the beginning of the downfall, slowly but steady. 11/19/2015 Frank Valencia Reply thanks for your advice, so in your opinion which was the best OS in Apple history ? 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Yes Joerg! I agree completely. 11/13/2015 jpl Reply OS X el captain is not usefull. It does not launch on a 2014 mac. Thank’s apple..hello blender. 11/15/2015 Graham Reply Hi my new epson printer will not work on wif OS X el Capitan will not allow it . can you hellp Please . As anybody got ??? a Driver. 11/15/2015 Graham Reply PS/ My Printer is Epson L355 . 02/22/2016 Red1217 Reply I use printopia 11/15/2015 Simeon Reply Hi my new EPSON CX17NF printer can’t work on OS X El Capitan because of the driver installation failed due to incompatible reported. The latest driver from EPSON website is for El Capitan 10.11, not the latest OX X 10.11.1. I’ve leave message to EPSON customer support but not reply yet. 11/19/2015 jess84 Reply I think I will wait to upgrade to El Capitan….. I have been reading the reviews on the Mac app store and alot of them are not positive reviews…. Many people have had issues with the new operating system crashing and programs not responding….. Think I will wait a couple weeks or more before I upgrade. 11/21/2015 SeanB Reply I have been primarily using Mac’s for years along with various Windows and Linux OS’s for work and home. DO NOT upgrade to El Capitan yet – too many bugs. I just spent the last couple of days recovering from the upgrade I did last week. Chrome/Word/email/firefox all froze up horribly and eventually I got to a point where we were just looking at the spinning rainbow. A restart caused crashes, and it could not even get into safe mode. I thought I had hard drive or other hardware problem until I booted into Windows 8.1 and Helix 3 and everything worked fine. I am a big fan of Mac, but it is not my religion. I am running MS Office for Mac 2011 and a few forensic programs, but not MS Office 2016 which seems to be the problem with so many others. Disk utility first aid failed also. I finally booted into Recovery mode – erased the Mac partition and used a Yosemite back up I had on my time machine. I cannot see any reason to upgrade (not the right word) – update to El Capitan and wanted to save someone a few days of aggravation or worse. I have the computer forensic equipment and tools to recover from a failure but most people do not. If the beta had bugs it would seem prudent to fix them all before releasing the update. Apple – Fail 11/21/2015 Will Saverty Reply Why the hell is this a “slideshow”? Were you determined to present the information in the least user-friendly way possible? If so, congrats. 11/30/2015 Katie Elliott Reply I DLed capitan and now it says my printer is not compatible with my computer. How is this possible when it worked just fine before the download. Anyone have any ideas on how to make it work again. My printer is a Dell. 12/01/2015 Ed Reply Sooooooo….let me see if I have this correct: Upgrade to El Capitan if you have problems with Yosemite….even though the problems may persist….or worsen….or you are just trading old problems for new ones. Don’t upgrade to El Capitan if you’re happy with Yosemite……or if you need your computer for more than just wanking around…..Got it! Actually, on second thought….I think I’ll just slap in Parallels and install Windows 10, and then buy a real PC when the time comes. Signed, A very happy new Android user 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Yes Ed, I am a new Android user too. Apple has failed me as well. 12/09/2015 axejunkie Reply Thank your for this piece of shit article. You have provided ZERO insight. 12/12/2015 Stefan Reply DO NOT INSTAL THIS CRAP!!! I am so angry that Apple put out this software and I installed it. Ever since I have installed it my computer is slower then ever. The rainbow wheel is part of my mouse now, my computer shuts down inexplicably and my computer has never been slower. I have been a loyal Apple user for 10 years and I am so mad that I am consider going back to Windows. 12/15/2015 Web Slinger Reply I just installed El Capitan and my trackpad just goes haywire and unable to click on buttons, can’t even shut down computer. Can’t click on links or anything. Man this El Capitan is an El Piece of [email protected] I have to hold down the Power button till the computer shuts down then turn it back on and then log back in. This is becoming unbearable ! 12/15/2015 A frustrated macbook air user Reply I would not install EL Capitan. My battery life was cut in half and my Microsoft products do not work. I can no longer use outlook as it continues to crash. Unfortunately, i did not use time capsule to backup my computer as all my files are backup up on dropbox. I have told everyone to not install this until these issues are resolved. I am stuck with the new operating system, i would hope you will not be. 12/15/2015 fiddlestix Reply WAT 12/16/2015 Larrykmelo Reply 1=13 my neighbor’s ex-wife makes $68 /hr on the laptop . She has been fired for 6 months but last month her pay was $18404 just working on the laptop for a few hours. navigate to this site…. See More 12/24/2015 memememem Reply Hey, Larrykmelo, your story sounds so much like that other douchebag spammer, Georgiaarapier. Are you, by any chance, related? Or just parallel a-holes? 12/26/2015 Chris Reply Yes I would like to add that if you are a person who uses the Apogee ensemble with your mac do not install el capitan it is not supported you will be screwed and your ensemble will not work any more. 12/26/2015 Lester Jenson Reply I’ve had good success with upgrades, but then again with HD’s so huge today I partition my HD; install the new release to the second partition; then switch my Startup Disk – safe and easy fall back to prior release if there are any issues. Keep it simple with less whining. 12/27/2015 jehzlau Reply Installed it successfully. No problems at all on a mid 2014 macbook pro 15″ retina. Not too old, not too new. And oh, I installed it while travelling. :D 12/27/2015 Fernando Reply I have a mid 2014 Macbook pro 15″ and i had an fresh installation. The installation was well but graphic issues are present like in OS X yosemite using safari and youtube. My computer freezes 5 times per day in safari and youtube, only mouse works but nothing happens. I take my computer to apple SAT and they told me that the hardware is OK; therefore i think is a software problem. What do you think??? 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Oh Fernando, Apple has immense software problems…..and they just ignore them. Pay them cash and they ignore their customer base. Shame on Apple. 02/18/2016 Robbie Reply I’ve seen every comment you make be against Apple…. El Capitan has served me well on my 2010 MacBook, and my Apple devices outperform AND have outlived any Android or Windows device I’ve owned. And don’t get me started on how much better the battery life of my MacBook is compared to any of my Windows laptops, and How my iPod Touch battery is compared to my droid phone… I also use Windows, but I LOVE my Mac. I have to use droid for some things, and Android 5 is an improvement, but still bloated and buggy! Also, Apple does admit to their issues, you just don’t care to read about it. It’s Microsoft that doesn’t admit to it, and Microsoft tech support is guaranteed…to piss you off! Apple tech support has been fast and friendly to me! I’ve had FAR less issues with this 5-year-old MacBook than I’ve had with ANY of my Windows or droids in less than a year….at least My iPod lasts over a year, compared to my droids…Google still has some work to do before I take Android as primary, and So does MS, until then, I’m staying loyal to Apple. At least I can get through a Mac without seeing 20 years worth of Blue Screen Of Death, or hard drive corruption, or forced updates, etc. Windows and Android have their crap as well, but I am sticking to my Unix OS known as MacOS X and iOS. Oh, and, you come off as annoying when you keep copying and pasting the same reply to several different comments… 02/18/2016 Jane Reply Robbie, thank you for your opinion. may i ask how you stand on Apple security VS terrorism? 12/27/2015 funksoul6 Reply Larrykmelo: yes, but hooker income, like what your mother earned, doesn’t really count. 12/31/2015 Frank Reply Nightmare! Apple continues to fail, fail, fail…….its just not the same company! 12/31/2015 mike Reply I thought about installing it. I guess i will stick with whats working. Sounds like crap to me. Thanks for the information. Good luck to all who tried to install it. 01/02/2016 W. Peters Reply Thanks for the warnings. I too am a long time Apple user, 25 years. I find that that lately the upgrades are downgrades and I only upgraded to Mavericks because WOW stopped working. I was thinking about upgrading to Elcapitan for airdrop between OSX and IOS but I guess that I will stick with the old FTP file transfer method instead. At least I know that it works. I agree that Apple has forgotten who made them successful and who stuck with them back when they were not doing so well. 01/05/2016 Bill Reply Nearly $1000 of my MIDI outboard gear was ruined by the forced upgrades (my tax software wouldn’t even install last year unless the OS was Yosemite! It certainly wouldn’t install under 10.6.8). Apple just doesn’t seem to care anymore. Except about phones. Money wins out everytime and these are corporations. Corporations are people, right?! Money always has won and it always will. That’s Wall Street for ya’ I’m going back to Microsoft stuff because they seem to be paying a bit more attention to things rather than just the bottom line like Apple so obviously is. And Google (android) is really getting good. Those guys and gals are getting it and growing and solidifying their OS over time. It keeps getting better. Who really cares if it was invented in a garage by two guys in San Jose? 04/09/2016 Dan Reply One point not brought up in this discussion is security and the responsibility that software manufactures have to it’s users. Every company Apple, Microsoft, Google, etc. can be liable for security vulnerabilities. They are all trying to stay one step ahead of the people that want to break into your computer and steal your financial and other info. They invest millions of dollars developing new OS to also add new features in an effort to keep you loyal to their brand. Apple and Microsoft are even giving away the latest OS in hopes that you will upgrade. Yes it is a cost cutting maneuver, good for the company, but also good for the consumer. You get new features and their goal isn’t to make things worse. Yes sometimes the new upgrade sucks. That is not the intension of these companies to put out bad software and not care. They are all publicly traded companies and stock performance suffers if people stop buying the products. More users is more profit. All of these companies make very good products and they all are tying hard for your loyalty. 01/18/2016 Saifi Reply After downloading o’s X el captain my lapi is not starting… Wot to do now? Please help me out 01/18/2016 Susanjshaw Reply 0=20my co-worker’s sister makes $74 /hour on the laptop . She has been without work for six months but last month her payment was $19962 just working on the laptop for a few hours. visit their website…. See More 07/18/2016 Gary Reply After reading your input, I think that you might better succeed with Electroconvulsive Therapy 01/20/2016 Foggy Friar Reply Installed fine, works fine. I run a 2013 MacBook Pro with 16g of DDR3 and a 1tb Samsung SSHD. Perhaps your Macs are a bit anemic? 01/22/2016 Tdman Reply El Capitan is literally the worst piece of shit operating system I have ever run on a mac. I have never seen the spinning wheel so much in my life. After having so many problems I was ready to throw the iMac out the window, I went through the (not easy anymore) work of doing a clean install wiping my hard drive. Still runs like an old PC. Great job Apple developers, all the bells and whistles on a now unproductive computer is just GREAT. 01/22/2016 John F. Stoner Reply El Crapitan – biggest POS from Cupertino ever! Nothing works after upgrading – total bs. Avoid at all costs. 01/24/2016 Sam Smith Reply Oh my…you can’t even keep with the proper latest upgrade version number. Your comments are out of sync with 2016 somewhere in the middle. Apple does it right. Do they sometimes take a step backward; of course. This is a huge improvement over Yosemite…PERIOD. wannabes who only know how to gripe. Very sad. 02/18/2016 Robbie Reply Agreed. Apple may slip up every now and then, but Android and Microsoft do it a LOT more. (For example, Vista, 8, and Android 3 and 4…) 01/25/2016 wizbang_fl Reply Um if your booting into safe mode so you installed some software that causes your mail issues. Look at your launch daemons for the culprit. 02/06/2016 tough guy Reply i don’t like blaque people 02/06/2016 Jane Reply Apparently, your ignorance is boundless? 02/07/2016 Nicolas G. Reply Why write articles with stupid pages going on and on forever, why can’t be just a single page article instead of 100 pages to read along? I don’t even bother to open next page. 02/07/2016 John Reply All these new mac updates fix one thing then break another, for the first time ever i’m considering running Bootcamp putting windows on my mac. 02/18/2016 Robbie Reply Windows and Android are the same way. Nothing is perfect. Give it time to mature. 02/18/2016 Robbie Reply I’m loving El Capitan! I’m part of the public beta program….I am a true Apple fan, as my MacBook and iPod Touch has outperformed and outlived any droid or Windows PC I’ve owned. Not to mention how much longer my MacBook battery lasts compared to my Windows laptops… I use Windows, OS X, Android, and iOS, but Apple’s better tech support, reliability, etc. has made me very loyal to their products. Plus, 2 things that pushed me even further to a Mac….Windows Vista, and Windows 8/8.1…Windows 10 is along now, and although it is very much an improvement from 8, it gives WAY too much information to Microsoft, and if there’s an update that may be a bad update, or you just don’t want to apply the update in Windows 10 yet, well, TOO BAD! It installs it on the next reboot anyway! At least on my Mac, if I don’t tell it to update automatically, it won’t update unless I tell it to. Sorry, Microsoft, Sorry, Google, but it’s too late! I got a Mac! 02/29/2016 John Doe Reply Seriously, what are the reasons not to install? Are you a fanboy and can’t see the real downsides of the thing? Like some of the new security features that are included to “protect the users”? 01/07/2017 Jane Hughes Reply I’m finished buying new Apple products! Gratefully, I don’t need the applications that Apple has already messed up. 03/08/2016 Audreyjrisner Reply Its realy…! ,m­­­­­­­­­y b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t f­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­d’s h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­l­­­­­­­­­f-s­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r m­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s $87 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p . S­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t o­­­­­­­­­f a j­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­b f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r e­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­g­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r c­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­c­­­­­­­­­k w­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s $16467 j­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t w­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­g o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r a f­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­w h­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­s. find more info… See More 03/09/2016 Ma hut vidi doo Reply I don’t see the way of apple. The money spent in watch for time is gone and money is money and no fix maybe little go more the on the money of watch and apple watch for $24,000. 03/28/2016 Jeffry Calhoun Reply Avoided all OSX updates for years– the reason I moved to Mac was the frustration of keeping up with Windows and hardware problems. I also did not like some of the announced changes to the OS. This March, so many things and apps stopped working properly, so I moved from Snow Leopard to El Capitan on my old Macbook Pro (with 1 1GB drive and 8 GB memory). Also bought a new Mac Mini with El Capitan. Apple got me my Apps package back (the App store forgot me). Some of my old apps I still have to upgrade to use. Otherwise, it was about as painless as possible, and I now like the new system. My Macbook runs like new, and for some reason, even runs cooler. So it wasn’t much worse to upgrade than to start anew on the new Mac Mini. Plan on taking a few days for this. 03/30/2016 Belal Chowdhury Reply SOLVED!!! I face trouble in creating el capitan USB then i found this link to buy the USB, They provide USB 16 GB with VERY EASY installation manual by which people like me can install El Capitan perfectly. Link is this: http://www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/B01D1ZBE28/ref=dp_olp_new?ie=UTF8&condition=new That make my life easy bcoz I save my time to engage more on my work. 04/03/2016 Belal Chowdhury Reply I tried to install El Capitan so many times i tried to make USB, I faced lots of problem, then I found this site http://www.amazon.com/dp/B01D1ZBE28 where I have got ready made USB installer with installation manual. It saved my huge time which I can now spend on my own tasks. Thanks you MicroTechNA. Cheers!!!!! 04/05/2016 Someone Reply Stuck in 10.5.8 forever anyway and never gonna buy an Intel to not even run a Real Mac OS 04/10/2016 Karen Thomas Reply This is new job…!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/11/2016 John Reply From a operating system standpoint both Microsoft and Apple seem to be upsetting at least some with their OS issues. Maybe it’s just more the OS has become far more complex and trying to mate many devices together that creates issues. No doubt IOS has had it’s share of problems too. I personally don’t find El Capitan really bad, but it’s certainly has not improved much on my Macbook Air from Mavericks or Yosemite. Snow Leopard was probably the most efficient OS X version. From then on, Apple began a more robust development adding Mobile Me then iCloud to better sync IOS devices and OS X devices. This is when things became more problematic. I do agree that Tim Cook is not the obsessive perfectionist that Steve Jobs was, and has certainly delegated too much oversight of Apple product development to lower management without much oversight or final approval. Steve Jobs I think was much more willing to tell his people to get it right or it won’t go out. I could be wrong, but it appears Cook is more about managing Apple in general than obsessing about new product release quality. Today, it’s about getting it out the door and fixing the bugs on the fly. 04/11/2016 Jeff Calhoun Reply Safari still broken, but better. Back to Firefox… 04/12/2016 Terry Hammer Reply Don’;t fix it if it ain’t broke is my mantra.I’m sticking with Snow Leopard 10.6..8 the most reliable& BEST OS EVER!!! 05/07/2016 12 Reply That’s the TRUEest 04/18/2016 Somecunningliguist Reply I’m still on Mavericks 04/21/2016 D.Pythonic Reply still on Mavericks (MBP 15 late13) 04/22/2016 cbird1057 Reply You’ve heard it before and you’ll hear it again: El Crapitan 05/16/2016 Ladawnjquinn Reply really nice..!Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 05/17/2016 god448 Reply 6784 USD wanking off your laptop? 05/24/2016 Mathias Reply Macbook white (mid 2010) and Mac mini (mid 2011) both upgraded with ssd and ram, there is no os x that beats el captain after that upgrade. Get a good screwdriver set and get that 5400rpm hd out and upgrade memory to 6 or 8 ram. Don’t buy apple specific expensive ram, as long you respect DDR2 or 3 it’s ok. Frequency doesn’t matter so much, most SODIMM are adaptive (got 1600mhz in both devices) just put the new ram in the above slot and the existing beneath, it works ;) Btw, ram limitations posted by apple are incorrect. Get rid of that horrible 5400rpm drive and change it with an ssd, it will speed up everything. So both of my old Macbook and mini are running smoothly like any other pc/os. (except games) Anyway if you wan’t to upgrade your Mac there is plenty documentation on youtube, but please don’t buy a new Mac because it’s Apple marketing strategy. Hope this post is useful and hopefully happy upgrading ;) 05/28/2016 electricnerve Reply Is “Fall 2015” meant to represent an actual date, or is it merely a reference to American cultural isolationism? 06/12/2016 Stevo Reply All I know is that I spent many hours trying to work out a way to get an iphone 6s to work with snow leoplard, when in 5 minutes I downloaded the latest itunes for my vista machine and it worked immediately, I was able to use my ip6s with Vista no problems. I did not want to upgrade to the newest mac osx because when I began the install process I was warned that most of my software ( Photoshop etc ) would not run with the new OSX….. I hesitated for a few minutes and thought about how nice it is to have software which actually runs on my machine, then cancelled the install….. why can Microsoft manage to make Vista compatible with the new iphone but Apple can not? why can’t Apple just release a new OSX without making people pull their hair out trying to get everything they used to have work again? 07/09/2016 Mark Reply Since I have installed El Capitan on my iMac 27″ from 2012, coming from Yosemite, it is significantly slower. Much more often the ‘circle of death’, even when simply opening WORD or EXCEL documents. Spotlight appears to have more difficulty finding docs that it would previously indicate in no time. Annoying also is the longer waiting time at logon: the entry field is there, but there is no immediate response to keyboard entries, which used to be the case. Also I’ve had more reboot-required crashes. One or two in a few weeks while this was very rare previously. No other major difficulties, but all in all definitely slower, which is opposite effect from the advertisements that accompanied the release. 07/09/2016 Jane Reply I’m switching to Android everything because Apple is so corrupt. Tim Cook is slowly destroying the greatest and genius of Apple Corporation 07/09/2016 Bryan McKenzie Reply Install El Capitan and you will loose functions with many of your favorite programs. This so-called “update” is nothing more than fairly worthless cosmetic changes and little more than justifying the jobs of Apple’s army of coders. There is no benefit to El Capitan while delivering a huge loss of your happy Mac functions. Avoid this “upgrade” unless you wish to spend months trying to recover from the fairly pointless pretty changes. 07/22/2016 Neil Reply Apple should reissue OS 8. I could run Photoshop, Illustrator and Pagemaker and other cool software on a system total of 2 Gig with plenty of room left for all the graphics, docs files etc. The system allowed for viewing and hot-rodding all the extensions. What the hell went wrong between then and now? 07/23/2016 Jane Reply CNET acknowledged Apple’s poor software and saturation of the iPhone 08/02/2016 jade Reply The El Capitan 10.11.6 update totally put my internet connectivity out of use… both wifi and via Ethernet cable. I went back to Mountain Lion and am extremely happy because I can use my computer again. And my computer has 24gigs of ram and a lot of extra hard drive space so it wasn’t an issue with my computer. 08/06/2016 Jane Reply Apple is on a slow decline. CNET acknowledged Apple is weak in the software aspect. The whole thing makes me sad. Why is the current CEO still in place? 08/12/2016 Ann Reply Has anyone else been having a LOT of problems on the Adobe Creative Suite since the El Capitan upgrade? I’ve talked to more than 5 other designers and they are all having a lot of issues (particularly InDesign, smart objects in PhotoShop, disappearing menus in Illustrator to name a few.) Then there’s Microsoft Office Suite, which has it’s own special problems (mainly emails won’t send and need the software closed out and re-opened, opening Excel makes smart objects not work again in PhotoShop once you finally have it working…) Then there’s Safari. Many times it freezes or doesn’t load, or partially loads. Open up FireFox… works. Though sometimes FireFox now crashes or freezes as well. We’re talking Mac Pro’s (the tower kind) with fully upgraded RAM and hard drives. Had ZERO issues and ran very speedy right up until the second we upgraded to El Capitan. 08/12/2016 Jeffry Calhoun Reply I feel your pain. Adobe and Apple seem sworn enemies. Come on, people. Adobe useless since el Capitan. Epson and Apple not cooperating either. I’m having zero machine issues, but 7 months later still working thru EVERY software I had since before the upgrade. Most of the time I’ve had to open a ticket with Apple to make any progress, and the answer is NOT published anywhere. Seems like this was a huge os departure. MS office and Safari ok now. Mostly. 08/12/2016 Jeffry Calhoun Reply I saw no difference between 5 yr. MacBook Pro and new MacIntosh updates to el Capitan. Had to drag both to genius counter to get some issues resolved. 08/12/2016 Ann Reply *Adding that I still prefer Apple, just not upgrading my laptop until I hear these issues are fixed because this is the industry standard for my career and I need this stuff to function. Work computer already buggy and losing valuable productivity time, afraid to do the same to my Macbook Pro because those things are already notoriously hot and it’s 5 years old now. Came here Googling hoping to hear that there was some fixes :( but glad to see a new OS is coming…. For anyone still reading, I did see that for some reason the beta testing period was a lot shorter on El Capitan than any previous OS so who knows why that happened, but hopefully this new one will have been tested longer. 09/30/2016 chhavi Reply Hello sir….. i was using os x 7(mountain lion) version and downloaded the os x 11(El Capitan) its wants my system to restart for updating the version. but now its not updating… its updated only 10 % approx … and from the last 3 days its stucked there… 10/17/2016 Ronald Richison Reply Mac OS X El Captain uses a default IP address that can be easily guessed. After your computer is attacked by malware over wifi your machine is irreparable. The classic 🍏v.s.🍎V.s.YOU; Because both apples hate you. 01/07/2017 Bru-Hed Reply Great article title, but where are the reasons? A numbered list would really help. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch 1 hour ago Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 2 hours ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 4 hours ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 5 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 6 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 20 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 20 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 20 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 4 hours ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 16 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ 7 Days: A week of spectacular devices, artificial assistants, and Windows 10 everywhere By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Jan 7, 2017 with 0 comments 7 Days is a weekly roundup of the Editors' picks of what's been happening in the world of technology - written with a dash of humor, a hint of exasperation, and an endless supply of (Irish) coffee. Happy new year! We hit the ground running this week at the CES tech industry expo, where there were some truly exciting announcements… and one or two unexpected curiosities. If you’ve struggled to keep up with it all, fear not, for 7 Days is back after a short festive break, and here to guide you through the top stories from CES, and across the wider tech world. Let’s waste no more time – there’s a lot to get through! Our journey begins this week in the world of healthcare, as researchers have developed a new computer algorithm that can help to diagnose conditions such as ADHD and autism. Meanwhile, over in the UK, the National Health Service is testing an app powered by artificial intelligence that can offer medical advice to patients based on the symptoms they describe. Almost four months after its release, Apple revealed that iOS 10 is now installed on 76% of active iOS devices. The first iOS 10.3 beta is expected to arrive next week, with a mysterious new ‘Theatre Mode’. A video published on Friday gave us our first look at an early prototype of an iPod-based operating system developed by Apple for its original iPhone, including a virtual touchscreen scroll wheel. Frankly, it looks pretty awful, so it’s a huge relief that they ended up chucking it in the bin. Intel formally launched its new 7th-generation Core vPro processors, which it says will offer greatly improved security features and… “50% increased productivity over a 5-year-old PC”. Wow? The company also touted the prowess of its consumer-class 7th-gen (Kaby Lake) Core processors, and outlined its hopes for the virtual reality market, saying that it expects 2017 to be a big year for VR. Qualcomm announced its Snapdragon 835 chipset, which features new optimizations for virtual and augmented reality scenarios. The powerful new SoC will launch on flagship-class devices in the next few months, promising 25% less power consumption, Quick Charge 4 support, and more. Nvidia officially announced its anticipated GTX 1050 and 1050Ti graphics cards for laptops, promising powerful performance for budget-conscious buyers. Nvidia also revealed a new Shield TV streaming device with 4K and HDR support. The device includes voice control features and support for Google Assistant. Google revealed that it’s bringing its digital Assistant to Android TV devices running both 6.0 Marshmallow and 7.0 Nougat. Google said it received a massive one billion takedown requests for its search engine in 2016 – twice the amount it got the year before. It looks like Google may finally be preparing to bring its YouTube Red subscription service to European markets this year. And at long last, it seems Google is getting ready to roll out Android 7.1.1 Nougat to the Nexus 6, over a month after its release for other devices. The company also released its January security updates for Android this week. Samsung began rolling out Android 7.0 to a very limited number of its Galaxy S7 handsets on Wednesday. And with just a few hours of 2016 remaining, OnePlus made good on its promise to release its Android 7.0 upgrade to its 3 and 3T flagships before the end of the year. OnePlus delivering an update on time… is that a first? Following the recent collapse of Cyanogen, British device manufacturer Wileyfox said that it will replace Cyanogen OS on its handsets with a ‘pure’ Android experience. A photo showing a slide presented at a Nokia event revealed the company’s plans to launch as many as seven Android smartphones by the end of 2017. The slide proudly declared “The Empire Strikes Back”... consequently reminding everyone that Nokia’s empire, and its share price, have crumbled over the last decade. On Saturday, a leaked image purportedly revealed key specs of the 'Nokia 6', one of the first Android smartphones on the way. BlackBerry is another fallen mobile empire that’s trying to rise again by licensing its brand to another company to build Android devices. This week, TCL showed off its new BlackBerry phone with a QWERTY keyboard – and then said it wouldn’t talk about it until February, by which time everyone will have completely lost interest. Great strategy. LG revealed a change of strategy for its new G6 flagship phone, confirming that it’s ditching the modular design of its current G5, which has been a sales flop. Xiaomi unveiled a white version of its Mi MIX ‘concept’ device… …while Huawei’s Honor brand showed off its new Magic concept device in the flesh – and we managed to get our hands on it. Honor also announced the launch of its ‘mid-range flagship’, the 6X, in the US and Europe. Huawei brought its Mate 9 flagship to the US too, priced at $599, and revealed that it will add support for Amazon’s Alexa digital assistant later this year. ZTE revealed its new upper-mid-range handset, the Blade V8 Pro, with a Snapdragon 625 processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage, 13MP camera, USB Type-C port, and more. Check out our hands-on first impressions of the device here. Samsung unveiled its new Galaxy A series handsets – and as rumored, they all include IP68 dust- and water-resistance. That’s a very nice addition to the mid-range devices. After the disastrous launch, and subsequent global recall, of its Galaxy Note7 flagship, Samsung said that it will reveal the findings of its investigation into the battery fires that plagued the device “later this month”. Image: All About Windows Phone But it looks like Samsung’s next flagship, the Galaxy S8, will include a rather intriguing feature. An image revealed the company’s plans to introduce a “desktop experience” to the new Android device with support for an external monitor, mouse and keyboard – which sounds rather a lot like the Continuum mode in Microsoft’s Windows 10 Mobile. Microsoft was planning to release a new Fast ring preview of its Windows 10 Creators Update this week, but those plans were postponed while the company addresses some issues with the update process. However, Windows 10 Enterprise build 15002 – believed to be the same build that was due for release – leaked onto the web late on Friday night. However, Microsoft did officially roll out Windows 10 build 14393.594 (Anniversary Update) to PCs and phones in the Release Preview ring. Microsoft hasn’t officially provided a firm launch date for the Creators Update, saying only that it will be released in “early 2017”. But Dell let the cat out of the bag this week, confirming that the Creators Update is due to roll out in April. The Creators Update will include support for 802.11ad Wi-Fi, and wireless docking support for that protocol will be added in a future update. Image: MSPoweruser After the Creators Update, the Redstone 3 update is expected to arrive towards the end of the year. That update will include changes to the user interface, developed under the codename ‘Project Neon’ – and the first screenshots previewing Windows 10’s design refresh leaked on Thursday, showing a cleaner, less cluttered look with new blurring and transparency effects. Microsoft promised more transparency and new insights into its Windows 10 development process this year, as it launched a new blog focused on the Windows Insider community. Elsewhere, Microsoft hit back at inaccurate media reports (not from Neowin!), which claimed that it’s killing off its Command Prompt in the Windows 10 Creators Update. In fact, it’s prioritizing its more versatile PowerShell command line experience over the antiquated Command Prompt, but the latter will still remain in the OS. Data from NetMarketShare revealed that Windows 10 is now installed on almost a quarter of PCs, with Windows 7 approaching 50%, and macOS X 10.11 on 4.38%. On the Steam gaming platform, Windows 10 is now in use by more than half of all gamers, 17 months after its launch. Meanwhile, Microsoft appears to be working on a new cross-platform media-sharing service, currently known as ‘Belize’. Microsoft has been working with numerous automotive giants in recent months to establish its products at the heart of their connected car strategies. BMW, for example, unveiled its vision for self-driving cars with Cortana support, while Nissan is also among other major manufacturers to be working with Microsoft and its Connected Vehicle Platform. Audi has teamed up with Nvidia on its self-driving car program, in an effort to infuse more of its vehicles with autonomous control technologies powered by artificial intelligence. Mmm buzzwords. Casio was among the many companies attending CES this week, revealing a new $500 Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch. Take a look at our hands-on impressions of the rugged wearable device. But it was the giants of the tech industry that made some of the biggest announcements in the greatest numbers. Dell was among them, unveiling a series of new devices, including the Inspiron 7000 gaming laptops with Nvidia's latest GTX 1050 GPUs… …and the Latitude 5285 and Latitude 7285 – two new business-class Windows 10 2-in-1s, promising exceptional security and versatility. The latter device also offers wireless charging support. Dell also unveiled a new XPS 13 2-in-1, and the 27 Ultrathin Monitor… …as well as the stunning UltraSharp 8K Monitor – the first commercially available monitor with 8K resolution, and an unsurprisingly high price tag. But most excitingly, Dell also revealed the XPS 27 all-in-one PC, and the Canvas – an intriguing new competitor to Microsoft’s new Surface Studio. Stardock announced that it has been working with Dell on an exclusive version of its desktop organization suite, Fences, for the new Canvas PC. Don’t miss our hands-on first impressions of Dell’s new devices here! HP unveiled the second generation of its unusual Sprout Pro Windows 10 PC, which has an integrated projector and touch-mat, along with 2D and 3D scanning capabilities. Of course, we went hands-on to see what all the fuss was about – you can see it in action in our videos here. HP’s new ENVY Curve AIO 34 all-in-one PC also made its debut at CES, along with the OMEN X 35 curved monitor. And the 15.6-inch HP Spectre x360 and EliteBook x360 also made their first appearance at the show, both with 4K displays. We went hands-on with both devices here, so make sure you check that out! Lenovo also had plenty of announcements at CES, including that of its new Smart Assistant, an Amazon Echo-style speaker... powered by Amazon’s Alexa assistant. Lenovo unveiled three new ThinkPad X1 devices, and the Miix 720 – a high-end Surface Pro-style tablet, including an integrated rear kickstand. Check out our hands-on videos and photos of those new devices here, along with our impressions of the Smart Assistant. Two Lenovo gaming laptops were announced too, kicking off the company’s new line of Legion gaming PCs. Lenovo launched its new 500 Multimedia Controller, a $55 wireless keyboard for media PCs, on which the keys also double up as a capacitive touchpad with support for Windows 10 gestures. Last month, Microsoft revealed new information on its plans with hardware partners to launch more affordable virtual reality headsets powered by its Windows Holographic shell on Windows 10. Lenovo showed off its VR headset at CES, and said it will launch later this year for under $400. We also got a look at new Windows Holographic VR headsets from HP, Dell and others. CES played host to the rise of the machines, as many companies showed off home robots at the event. The cute new Kuri robotic companion is now available to pre-order for $699. LG also displayed a range of new robots, destined for both home and commercial use. LG announced its new family of thin and light Windows 10 notebooks, claiming that they offer up to 24 hours of battery life… but we’ll have to put that claim to the test in the real world before we can believe it. The LG Stylo 3 and 3 Plus made an appearance too. The two lower-mid-range handsets each have an integrated stylus and come with Android 7.0. Lots of manufacturers revealed new TVs at CES, and LG was no exception. Its range of 4K TVs come with ‘Nano Cell’ technology, said to offer superior color and clarity from any viewing angle. And like so many other devices at CES, LG’s new smart refrigerator includes Amazon Alexa voice support, along with a 29-inch touchscreen and internal camera. Samsung also introduced a new range of smart fridges, including models with a 21.5-inch touchscreen, and its new Family Hub 2.0 software. The Samsung Notebook Odyssey was revealed as the company’s first gaming laptop, featuring some rather meaty specs… and a rather ugly trackpad design. Bleugh. Pre-orders also opened for Samsung’s new Notebook 9, which it calls “the lightest notebook on the market”. Samsung believes its new ‘QLED TVs’ have what it takes to crush all of their rivals, thanks to their use of Quantum Dot technology. Image: Bloomberg Sony made quite an impression with its new ultra-thin BRAVIA OLED TV range, available in three sizes up to 77 inches. They won’t come cheap, so you’d better start saving and/or selling some body organs if you’re thinking of buying one. Xiaomi’s new TVs are also incredibly thin – but they’re rather interesting for another reason too. They have a modular design, which will allow owners to upgrade them in the future by adding new components. Asus revealed new displays designed for computing. It introduced a pro-grade 32-inch 4K monitor with HDR support, along with an enormous 37.5-inch curved ultra-wide monitor, featuring ‘frameless bezels’, and integrated Qi wireless charging plate. Asus also unveiled the ZenFone AR, the first phone in the world to support both Google’s Tango augmented reality suite, and the Daydream virtual reality platform. There’s no doubting the fact that it’s got some pretty decent specs – but it’s not exactly attractive. Miraxess is preparing to launch a new laptop-style phone dock for Android and Windows 10 Mobile devices, similar to the $599 HP Lap Dock for its flagship-class Elite x3 handset. However, the Mirabook will cost half that amount. Meanwhile, Brydge revealed its new laptop-style aluminum keyboard for Microsoft’s Surface Pro 4 tablet. There seemed to be no end of PCs on display at CES this year, so it was certainly appropriate that Endless attended the event to unveil its simple, affordable mini-PCs, priced from $129. And after announcing the Sirius A in October, Ockel showed up at CES ready to show off the curious mini-PC in the flesh. The device has a 6-inch touchscreen, but runs the full version of Windows 10 Home, and has an integrated DisplayPort, full-size HDMI, two USB 3.0 Type-A ports, one USB 3.0 Type C port and a full-size Ethernet port too. More photos and details of the Sirius A and Ockel’s other mini-PCs can be found here. Toshiba turned up with a far more conventional Windows 10 device. Its new Portégé X20W notebook is a 2-in-1 that promises up to 16 hours of battery life. Acer showed off a range of new notebooks and desktops too – but the star of its show stand was the mighty Predator 21 X gaming notebook that it announced in August. The monstrous machine – which has a curved 21-inch display – finally got a price tag… and it’s enormous. Not to be outdone, Razer turned up to CES with an even crazier device. Project Valerie is a gloriously insane notebook with three (!!!) built-in displays, each with 4K resolution, powered by a desktop-class Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card. Mad. Quite mad. Razer also took things to a whole new level with the unveiling of its Project Ariana concept, a room-scale projector that aims to turn gaming into a truly immersive experience. Back on Planet Earth, Sony revealed that it has now sold an impressive 53.4 million PlayStation 4 consoles since its launch in 2013, including 6.2 million in just six weeks over the holiday season. Despite being outsold by the PS4, Microsoft nonetheless celebrated its Xbox achievements in 2016, and promised an even more exciting year ahead for its gaming platform. But this week’s odyssey around the tech world ends, appropriately, at CES, where the L’Oreal/Withings smart hairbrush won an innovation award. All hope is lost. Bonus content Before we wrap things up for another week, let me first highlight a few extra bits around the site that I hope you’ll enjoy reading. I looked back on a remarkable year for Microsoft, in which it became one of the world's most exciting tech companies. I also took a look ahead to what's in store for Microsoft in 2017 - from gaming and new devices, to productivity and mixed reality, it's set to be a year of work, play, and creativity unleashed for the company. Vlad Dudau shared a mini-review of the MGCool Band 2, an ultra-affordable fitness tracker with some very nice features... but there's certainly room for improvement. And Christopher White published his detailed review of the Thecus W2810PRO, a NAS (network attached storage) device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials. Who comes up with these names? Anyway, the W2810PRO earned itself a very good score in the review, but there are still a few downsides to be aware of. Stay tuned to Neowin in the days ahead for what’s sure to be another exciting week, filled with official news, lots of updates, and plenty of insights from around the world of technology. For now, though, there’s lots more to read across the site – including all sorts of interesting discussions over on our forums. From all of us on the Neowin team, have a great weekend and a very happy new year! Tags 7 days Microsoft Windows 10 Creators update Windows holographic Ces 2017 Apple Snapdragon 835 Intel Nvidia Google Nokia Blackberry Xiaomi Huawei Honor Samsung Dell Hp Lenovo Lg Asus Acer Razer Gaming Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Polaroid's Pop camera finally comes full circle with its 3x4” printing capability Next Story Microsoft adds support for macOS Sierra in System Center Configuration Manager Advertisement Community Activity Refresh [DKIM] Subdomain Mail Server in Internet, Network & Security Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch in Front Page News Cat-Skinning: SMS and MMS apps that can avoid using mobile data in Android To upgrade or not upgrade... in Hardware Hangout Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News How to backup data & OS when swapping HDD with SSD in Hardware Hangout Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore in Front Page News Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank in Front Page News Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago with 5 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 4 comments Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 CES 2017: A look at Microsoft's VR headsets from Dell, Lenovo, HP, Acer, and 3Glasses Jan 6, 2017 Looking ahead: For Microsoft, 2017 will be a year of work, play, and creativity unleashed Jan 2, 2017 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of Microsoft updates, more Yahoo hoohah, and Apple Watch wah-wah-waaahhh Dec 17, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Shares 'Take Mine' Ad Showcasing Photos Taken in Portrait Mode on the iPhone 7 Plus Saturday January 7, 2017 12:42 pm PST by Tim Hardwick Apple today shared a new iPhone 7 Plus ad on its YouTube channel, highlighting the Portrait Mode feature exclusive to Apple's larger handset. In the ad, entitled "Take Mine", a young lady arrives at a Greek village to visit her grandmother. After greeting each other with open arms, the two women are seen sitting in a café, where the granddaughter uses a Rose Gold iPhone 7 Plus to take a picture of the elderly woman using the Depth Effect. After previewing the shot, her grandma stands up in awe, taken aback by its quality. This catches the attention of others in the café, and a woman asks if she can get a picture, too. The young lady happily obliges. Thus begins a spree of depth-of-field photography as locals in the village queue up to have their pictures taken, including fishermen, a musician, children, a barber, and even a local shepherd, all framed in sharp focus with the familiar blurred background effect. The ad ends with the tagline, "Portrait mode on iPhone 7 Plus – practically magic". Today's iPhone 7 Plus ad is the latest in a series that have showcased the features of Apple's latest handsets, like waterproofing, improved battery life, the camera, and the iOS 10 operating system. Apple has also previously shared tips to "Shoot like a Pro" with the depth-of-field effect in the iPhone 7 Plus, highlighting a range of suggestions collected from professional photographers on its news site. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 Tag: Apple ads [ 126 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Franjelisco 1 week ago Τhank you Apple for showing another face of Greece! It's always about us being lazy scums, not paying our debts and trying to get away with everything... Thank you Apple for showing the world that our country is of exceptional beauty, our people are compassionate and loving and that it's not always about money, it's also about the little things in life! You are the best!!! Rating: 68 Votes aroom 1 week ago if only Apple could stop fragmenting the iPhone and give to both models the same camera options. I don't want to have a bigger phone and yes I do want to have this feature. awesome feature. so lame IMO Rating: 29 Votes Jim Lahey 1 week ago Great camera, cool commercial. Shame the phone is the size of a chopping board. I'm looking forward to this feature being added to the real iPhone. I still think 'portrait mode' is a poorly chosen name though. Rating: 20 Votes JoEw 1 week ago Actually a great ad. Rating: 19 Votes Yellowbean12 1 week ago As a photographer, I really appreciate this advert. Background defocus and bokeh are often really important aspects of all photography, especially portraits. I just wonder if the average viewer of this advert will even understand what's going on. Maybe I worry too much. Maybe this is a good example of Apple not treating its customers as idiots, and treating them instead as people who love photography and understand many aspects of it. Rating: 19 Votes CrashX 1 week ago I'm gonna miss the old man diving off the platform. It showcased everything about the phone - the incredible stereo speakers, the splash-proof design, and how you can use your iPhone to pick up young hotties laying out by the pool. This one just showcases some defective second camera thing that makes everything blurry :( I was hoping for a follow-up ad with the old man and his new girl, showcasing the Hermes watchband or something that he bought her after catching her attention with his beautiful splash-proof phone with the awesome speakers. We know she was totally into him after that sweet dive, but then what? She looked like she'd probably go out for drinks with him if he bought her a Hermes band with the square digital watch thing. Just the two of them staring at each other across the table, tapping their watches to exchange their heartbeats. Rating: 8 Votes WarHeadz 1 week ago if only Apple could stop fragmenting the iPhone and give to both models the same camera options. I don't want to have a bigger phone and yes I do want to have this feature. awesome feature. so lame IMO You don't know what you're missing until you get a bigger phone. You won't want to go back, especially with all that extra battery life. Rating: 8 Votes Telos101 1 week ago Wft is a café? cafe |ˈkafeɪ, ˈkafi | (also café) | plural: cafe, cafés [ka-feyz, kuh- or especially for 4, French ka-fey] 1. A restaurant, often with an enclosed or outdoor section extending onto the sidewalk. 2. A restaurant, usually small and unpretentious. 3. A barroom, cabaret, or nightclub. 4. Coffee. Rating: 7 Votes MH01 1 week ago It's a nice feature. Rating: 6 Votes Abazigal 1 week ago In 2017, the goal is for Apple to show us some of that roadmap so that the amount of trolling reduces. There are many ways to skin a cat... There will always be trolls regardless of what Apple does. Apple had its share of critics when they announced the iPhone, the iPod, the iPad, the MacBook Air; pretty much everything Apple did was mired in controversy. What we need is more informed, in-depth and well-reasoned arguments. No more of this knee-jerk "Fire Tim Cook" or smart-ass quips which contribute absolutely nothing to the main discussion at hand. People need to stop and think through what they want to say first before saying it. There is no prize for being first where this sort of thing is concerned. That will instantly shave off the majority of the useless posts in these threads, make them more readable and help promote more meaningful discussion. I'd have to disagree that they are people striving for attention, trollers yes, but there seems to be a new type of commentor, that used to love Apple but does not like the direction they are taking. They may appear to be a little trollish but are really just mighty pissed at Apple. You can be unhappy with the direction Apple has take and still be respectful and civil about it. Simply put - I don't really care what these people feel about Apple. They are free to hold their own opinions and think whatever they want about Apple. But when they start crapping all over this forum and start making the atmosphere of this place so much more hostile and toxic, that's when I feel compelled to step in. I like this place. It has been a steady source of information and productive discussion ever since I fled Cnet and Engadget and the last thing I want to see happen is for Macrumours to devolve into another seething morass of toxicity and hostility. And so I do the only thing I know - I push back against the hatred. Maybe I am making the problem worse, but I know I can't just sit back and do nothing while I watch this whole place go to crap. I won't. Perhaps 2017 can be the year that anyone who is drinking the koolaid can see things from other peoples point of view too. These people are just as bad and write 'trolling' like defence of Apple. I'll put bets on whether this post or yours gets more likes... Cause and effect. We need doctors because people get ill. We need police because there is crime. I go where I am needed, and post when I am needed. One cannot exist without the other. When the acerbic trolling stops, I too will stop. That is my promise to you and this forum. Rating: 6 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Amazon Reveals Curated TV Subscriptions Strategy with 'Anime Strike' Prime Channel 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon launched Anime Strike this week, the company's first self-branded content to appear under its Channels subscriptions program for Prime members. Anime Strike offers U.S. Prime members... 25 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Case or Sleeve for Your MacBook From WaterField Designs 2 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with WaterField Designs to offer MacBook and MacBook Pro users a chance to win a Syde MacBook Case or a Maxwell Sleeve for their notebooks. ... 14 comments Nintendo Switch Parental Controls App Will Let Parents Remotely Control Switch Console 3 days ago on iOS Blog In the wake of major reveals surrounding the Nintendo Switch and its launch titles, Nintendo has announced a new app coming to smartphone devices that will allow parents to set granular control... 38 comments Sharp Executive Says Plan for Foxconn LCD Plant in U.S. is Still 'On The Table' 3 days ago on iOS Blog Foxconn and Sharp are looking closer than ever to building a manufacturing plant within the United States, according to one Sharp executive who said that the plan is still "on the table" (via... 24 comments Rome: Total War – Barbarian Invasion Coming to iPad This March for $4.99 3 days ago on iOS Blog Feral Interactive has announced it is bringing ROME: Total War – Barbarian Invasion to iPad this March. The title is a standalone expansion pack to the critically acclaimed ROME: Total War, which was... 15 comments Sonnet Unveils Thunderbolt 3-to-PCIe Card Expansion Systems for 2016 MacBook Pros 3 days ago on Mac Blog Sonnet Technologies yesterday launched its first Thunderbolt 3-to-PCIe card expansion systems for 2016 MacBook Pros, the Echo Express SEL — Thunderbolt 3 Edition and the Echo Express SE I —... 28 comments Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat Update Adds HomeKit Support for Remote Sensors 3 days ago on iOS Blog Smart wireless thermostat maker Ecobee is rolling out a firmware update to Ecobee3 devices that brings individual HomeKit support to the device's remote sensors for the first time. The... 36 comments Safari Users Unable to Play Newer 4K Video on YouTube in Native Resolution 3 days ago on Mac Blog Reddit users have recently discovered that YouTube refuses to stream newly uploaded 4K video in its native resolution if the website is accessed through Safari web browser. The issue was first... 68 comments • Google Maps Users Can Now Book and Pay for Uber Rides Without Ever Leaving the App (10) • Universal Search Bar Coming Soon to Snapchat's iOS App (4) • Apple Increases Maximum tvOS App Size to 4GB (73) • Adobe's Research Team Experimenting With Voice-Based AI, Digital Face Painting (5) • Flash Sale: Get a $100 iTunes Gift Card for $85 and More (22) • Apple Seeds Fourth Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available Too] (33) • Akitio Launches 2.5" Quad Thunderbolt 3 Storage Device for New MacBook Pro (25)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Binding of Issac, The Nintendo Switch, and More! - The TouchArcade Show #290 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth' 'Sonny' Review - An Accessible Social-Style RPG Without IAP 'Card City Nights 2' Under Development, Adds Online Multiplayer 'Rome: Total War' iPad Developer Feral Interactive is Teasing Two Mysterious iOS Games AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 7 AAPL: 117.91 1.30 Apple’s latest iPhone 7 Plus ad focuses on Portrait Mode camera feature Chance Miller - Jan. 7th 2017 12:14 pm PT @ChanceHMiller iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple today has shared a new ad for the iPhone 7 Plus on its YouTube channel. The ad focuses on the device’s dual-camera design and the Portrait Mode feature that comes along with it.. The ad starts with one person having their photo taken with Portrait Mode, causing a domino effect of everyone realizing how professional the image looks and asking for their own picture to be taken. The portraits are shown full-screen in the ad once they are taken, though it’s unclear if there was any post-processing done to the images on Apple’s part. Apple describes Portrait Mode in the video’s description: Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus helps you take great portraits by creating a depth-of-field effect that blurs backgrounds and brings faces into beautifully sharp focus. So now, taking a professional-looking portrait is as easy as snapping a photo. Today’s new ad is called “iPhone 7 Plus – Take Mine” and comes in at 1 minute long. It ends with the tagline “practically magic,” which Apple has used in the past for iPhone 7 ads. Last month, Apple shared an ad for the iPhone 7 Plus that focused on the device’s optical zoom support, so today’s video is a continuation of Apple’s focus on the iPhone 7 Plus camera. View the new ad below and let us know what you think of it in the comments. Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple’s pre-iOS click wheel iPhone surfaces in video Apple Apple’s pre-iOS click wheel iPhone surfaces in video By Bindu Nair - Jan 7, 2017 Apple’s iOS software has come a long way since the original iPhone was unveiled in 2007 revolutionizing smartphones forever. A new report now sheds some light on how vastly different the handset could have been if the company had decided to go down a more iPod-esque route. Apple’s hyper-secretive nature has meant that very little was known about the brand’s pre-iOS efforts. This isn’t the case anymore since serial leakster Sonny Dickson has gotten his hands on videos and images of prototype software internally called Acorn OS, so named because of the acorn that showed up when booting the handset. Acorn OS is basically a virtual version of Apple’s iPods, complete with a digital click wheel occupying the bottom half of the screen. The top portion was solely occupied by an interface that strongly resembled the device’s UI. As can be seen in the video below, users would have had to scroll through options such as SMS, Music, Contacts, and Dial via the circle. Also Read: iOS 10.3 to introduce popcorn-themed Theatre Mode Entering numbers via a wheel would have been a nightmare if implemented in modern-day iOS. Moreover, the bare-bones Acorn OS doesn’t feature a browser at all, stripping down the iPhone to act as just an upgraded iPod which can make calls. Dickson believes very few of these Acorn OS devices are around nowadays since Apple has a tendency to destroy prototypes. He also points towards an old 2006 patent which describes such an iPod-like click wheel-carrying gadget as proof that the OS really did exist. SOURCESonny Dickson TAGS Acorn OS apple iOS iPhone SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSamsung launches entry-level Galaxy J1 (4G) in India Next articleDell’s Latitude 7285 is the world’s first wireless charging 2-in-1 Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Consumer Reports reverses stance, now recommends 2016 MacBook Pro Apple patent hints at full-face iPhone with holes for sensors iPhone 8 to sport iPhone 4-like stainless steel frame 245,613FansLike 13,661FollowersFollow 13,480SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace unveiled in India Bertila Helena - Jan 14, 2017 0 Moto X Play to get Nougat by January-end Bindu Nair - Jan 14, 2017 0 Motorola announces MWC event on February 26 Bertila Helena - Jan 14, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 5 Reasons Not to Install OS X El Capitan and 7 Reasons You Should Josh Smith09/02/2016 The latest OS X El Capitan update is available and it is a major upgrade for many users. Unlike small patches, the OS X 10.11 update is a big jump that includes new features and system-wide changes. Advertisement There are many reasons to install OS X El Capitan, there are also some reasons to skip the OS X 10.11 update — and stay on OS X Yosemite. The advice rings true almost a year after the OS X El Capitan release date as Apple prepares a new macOS Sierra update. In September Apple offers up another important reason to install OS X 10.11.6 and to install a security update that just arrived. This update doesn’t change the version number, but it is an important one to install. If you are still on OS X Yosemite there is a security update for that as well. Apple fixed a MacBook Pro freezing problem with the last update, and focuses on performance and security fixes. Users who are still on OS X Yosemite may want to hold off until the macOS Sierra release date this fall if they don’t want to upgrade twice in the span of a few months. This advice works for upgrading from OS X Yosemite to OS X El Capitan as well as for installing new OS X El Capitan updates that bring fixes like OS X 10.11.6. Advertisement Reasons to install OS X El Capitan and reasons not to install. We’ve heard from users who bought new Macs in 2016 and found them running OS X Yosemite, which brought them to this decision. Apple’s OS X El Capitan release arrived in Fall 2015 with a new look thanks to a new font, increased multitasking capabilities with options to snap windows to the sides of the screen and it may solve your OS X Yosemite WiFi problems — but it could also add new WiFi problems. The OS X 10.11.2 release delivered fixes for WiFi problems, fixes for Handoff and Airdrop reliability, Bluetooth connectivity fixes and more. Apple released OS X 10.11.3 in January with enterprise fixes and fixes for users that use 4K monitors. The company just recently delivered the OS X 10.11.4 update with many changes. The OS X 10.11.3 update includes a number of fixes, but no new features. The OS X 10.11.4 update changes include; Advertisement Adds the ability to passcode-protect notes containing personal data in Notes Adds the ability to sort notes alphabetically, by date created, or date modified in Notes Adds the ability to import Evernote files into Notes Adds support for sharing Live Photos between iOS and OS X via AirDrop and Messages Addresses an issue that may cause RAW images to open slowly in Photos Adds the ability for iBooks to store PDFs in iCloud, making them available across all your devices Fixes an issue that prevented loading Twitter t.co links in Safari Prevents JavaScript dialogs from blocking access to other webpages in Safari Fixes an issue that prevented the VIPs mailbox from working with Gmail accounts Fixes an issue that caused USB audio devices to disconnect Improves the compatibility and reliability of Apple USB-C Multiport Adapters The Notes upgrade ties into the iOS 9.3 feature, which means you will want to update if you plan to lock notes on your iPhone with iOS 9.3. The OS X 10.11.5 update with security and bug fixes, including a major fix for the MacBook Pro freezing. In the latest OS X 10.11.6 update there are no new features listed, but it does include security updates and bug fixes. You can sign up to test the next OS X beta using this program if you want to try the update early. The OS X El Capitan update release arrived to a rush of users looking to upgrade, but you don’t need to install an update on day one to get the benefits. There are some great reasons to upgrade, but there are also important reasons to wait. According to GoSquared, 56% of Mac users are on OS X El Capitan at the start of June 2016. The number is down slightly in July, likely due to some users trying the macOS Sierra beta. If you haven’t made up your mind yet, here is a look at the reasons to install OS X El Capitan with the OS X 10.11.6 update and the few reasons you shouldn’t upgrade just yet. After you educate yourself about the benefits and risks you can decide for yourself when you want to update. You Have Mac WiFi Problems   1 / 12 If you have WiFi problems on your Mac with OS X Yosemite you should consider being one of the first to upgrade to OS X El Capitan.  Apple put a lot of effort into fixing these problems and continues to address Mac WiFi problems with the OS X 10.11.2 update. These appear to be stable in the OS X 10.11.4 update. Apple switches back to the old tool it used for network connectivity on your Mac. With the return of mDNSResponder, your OS X Yosemite WiFi problems should be a thing of the past.  Users who are already on OS X El Capitan should consider instaling the OS X El Capitan 10.11.6 update as it includes a previously released fix for WiFI reliability.  If you still have WiFi problems, check out our guide to fix common OS X El Capitan problems.    1 / 12 122 Responses 10/01/2015 Georgiaarapier Reply 0=102my classmate’s mother makes $78 every hour on the internet . She has been laid off for nine months but last month her check was $14234 just working on the internet for a few hours. find out here… See More 10/08/2015 Shlong Darwin Reply You should talk about how much money your classmate’s mother makes. Bad Boy. Let me know if your mother wants to make some money. I have loads lying with me. 01/04/2016 123456 Reply You from darwin?? and lol at the reply 04/14/2016 ulik2sxmdx Reply dude send that b over my way when you’re done with her… i have some experiments to run with my test stick. 10/25/2015 Notsostupid Asyouthink Reply So you find a place where to post spam and phishing offers… Of course, everyone believes your story and will rush to your link… For every thief who dies, there are 10 newly born thieves… 11/16/2015 Al Bundi Reply I would love to send you a donation cheque. Where would I mail it to? 01/09/2016 the other wasp whispererererer….er, er Reply mail it to me. “the other wasp whisperer” woo hoo!!!! 01/10/2016 the other wasp whispererererer….er, er Reply ok you dick measuring, testosterone controlled drunk and feeling groovy party animals, a really small percentage of you have even slightly addressed the topic of,”who wants to upgrade and why should you and why should you not, to el capitain. frankly change scares the living love of little baby jesus out of me. i’m comfy and cozy with what i have. so… why should we upgrade or not? please get to the freeking point y’all. jaheeeez! now, take another big chug of your cognac, or 4 locos, and get back to ….us. thanks. godddduhhhh! 03/06/2016 mac Reply you are a liar SIR 08/21/2016 Ryan Rydberg Reply Asshole! 10/01/2015 Igon Cang Reply “Until you upgrade your notes from iOS 9 will not sync to your Mac.” Does leaving out the omma after the word “upgrade” cost you money or are you plain jackass stupid? 10/04/2015 B-Pup Reply Jackass stupid is, as jackass stupid does. No “c” in “comma”, huh? 10/02/2015 redman Reply I guess as stupid as someone who leaves a “C” off Comma 10/04/2015 matt Reply 5th reason to install el captain you want to use your mac to fast charge your new iPhone 6s / 6s+ ! a computer running Yosemite, cannot charge the new iPhones past 1000ma. if you have a computer and you want to use it to charge your new iPhone at 2100ma ( which is what the ipad takes ) you are required to upgrade to el Capitan. 10/06/2015 Chris M Reply Article Fail. Find/replace Windows 9 with Yosemite and Find/replace Windows 10 with El Capitan and voila! 90% of your Mac blog post is done. I will just skip directly to the Apple Support Communities next time. 11/08/2015 Zach S. Reply You sad sad person. I’m sorry to hear you think Yosemite or El Capitan could replace Windows 9 or 10. Macs are the slow retarded cousin to Windows computers. 12/19/2015 Gaart Skarsgard Reply You’re the retard….MS never made a Windows version 9!!!! 01/02/2016 luaemu Reply That’s because most games have a scrip which if the version name of the OS has a 9 (specifically, Windows 9) it will register as Windows 95 or 98. So, if they made Windows 9, the gamers would never switch to it, and be outraged. 01/18/2016 sean Iuaemu, you win the award for most retarded comment. 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Yes Zach, Apple has peaked and is on the slow decline. This once great company is headed by the Steve Ballmer of Microsoft….his name is Tim Cook. Microsoft stock has good activity whereas Apple stock….is stale. Windows 10 is great. Mac’s El Capitan is fraught with problems. Good for Microsoft, too bad for Apple. Google based OS systems are the best and improving all the time. 03/19/2016 Rob Lozano (@capnsmoozshaff) Reply I’ve been hearing the same comment for almost a decade 10/13/2015 The Pixel Hobo Reply Does the inherent and maddening issue Yosemite Mail disappear with El Capitan? Mail only loads correctly with Yosemite if I hold down Shift when launching the software. Biggest OSX nightmare to date in 15yrs working with Mac 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Apple has peaked and is on the slow decline. This once great company is headed by the Steve Ballmer of Microsoft….his name is Tim Cook. Microsoft stock has good activity whereas Apple stock….is stale. Windows 10 is great. Mac’s El Capitan is fraught with problems. The problems began with Yosemite. Good for Microsoft, too bad for Apple. Google based OS systems are the best and improving all the time. 08/21/2016 Ryan Rydberg Reply Amen! Tim Cook, Marissa Mayer, Steve Ballmer…. There is a call for Incompetent CEOs Hall of Fame. 08/21/2016 Jane Reply Yes Ryan, “The Hall Of Shame” for CEO’S 10/15/2015 David Pappas Reply Don’t write a blog if your information is general douchery. 10/29/2015 loser Reply this is a stupid nothing article that offers no real information 11/02/2015 Lucas Reply ^ and that is a stupider reply that offers even less. 01/27/2016 Ry Reply Stupider… Nice. 11/03/2015 Anjana Dutt Reply My iMac has completely crashed after installing El Capitan!! Help! It’s a relatively new Mac … 4 years old so that couldn’t be the problem…now what do I do? 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Anjana, Apple has peaked and is on the slow decline. This once great company is headed by the Steve Ballmer of Microsoft….his name is Tim Cook. Windows 10 is great. Mac’s El Capitan is fraught with problems. Good for Microsoft, too bad for Apple. Google based OS systems are the best and improving all the time. I believe this is the best value and getting better every year. Apple is arrogant. They will take your money but not stand behind their product. 02/06/2016 H.Simpson Reply Jane, please blow me. 02/06/2016 Jane Reply So brave behind an annonymous keyboard. Did Mommy teach you that? 02/22/2016 Nilpo Reply You keep posting this, but it’s not true if you value your privacy. Google is the king of data mining and ChromeOS is yet another tool in their toolbox. 11/03/2015 Paolo Oddenino Paris Reply Il mio nome e’ Paolo Oddenino Paris, di Trofarello (TO). Sono un imbroglione che per denaro e sete di potere mi sono inventato una via iniziatica essena e cristica che io stesso non ho mai percorso e per questo chiedo perdono a tutti. Non sono un operal rosso e non sono neppure degno di rappresentare l’operal nero, tutt’alpiu’ di quest’ultimo sono solo una debole vittima e me ne vergogno tantissimo. Chiedo anche perdono a tutte quelle persone a cui ho fatto del male, alle donne che ho violentato o che ho attirato con l’inganno e a tutte quelle altre persone a cui ho tradito la loro fiducia come ad es. Andrea Crema Ughetti di Torino che ho calugnato e isolato ingiustamente: spero solo che Dio abbia pieta’ della mia anima. 08/21/2016 Ryan Rydberg Reply Definitivamente, Dio non ritenne opportuno darti un cervello e ti mando’ nel mondo come un cretino. 11/08/2015 Jose Osorio Reply OSX EL CAPITAN, has some how some problem and should be surveid. I have installed in my max, and i lost a lot of valuable informationm, e mails ect…. Luckly I had backed up my information a few day before, but still I do not recommended until offers safe instalation. So I have my other 2 Macs in standby until is safe to do it… 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Jose, Apple doesn’t acknowledge any mistakes. Their updates just compound the existing problems. 11/10/2015 Joerg B. von Veltar Dr. Reply Your notes are useless, sound very like being paid by Apple and try to make the even worst issues are the users fault. I am an Apple fan and user since 1983 and have gone through 33 major OS update. Some has some light issues and they where fixed in time. This El Capitan is the worst OS update ever and shows total disrespect to Apple users. Cook and Schiller last total touch to the people who make them billionaire. Its disgracing. It seems to be the beginning of the downfall, slowly but steady. 11/19/2015 Frank Valencia Reply thanks for your advice, so in your opinion which was the best OS in Apple history ? 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Yes Joerg! I agree completely. 11/13/2015 jpl Reply OS X el captain is not usefull. It does not launch on a 2014 mac. Thank’s apple..hello blender. 11/15/2015 Graham Reply Hi my new epson printer will not work on wif OS X el Capitan will not allow it . can you hellp Please . As anybody got ??? a Driver. 11/15/2015 Graham Reply PS/ My Printer is Epson L355 . 02/22/2016 Red1217 Reply I use printopia 11/15/2015 Simeon Reply Hi my new EPSON CX17NF printer can’t work on OS X El Capitan because of the driver installation failed due to incompatible reported. The latest driver from EPSON website is for El Capitan 10.11, not the latest OX X 10.11.1. I’ve leave message to EPSON customer support but not reply yet. 11/19/2015 jess84 Reply I think I will wait to upgrade to El Capitan….. I have been reading the reviews on the Mac app store and alot of them are not positive reviews…. Many people have had issues with the new operating system crashing and programs not responding….. Think I will wait a couple weeks or more before I upgrade. 11/21/2015 SeanB Reply I have been primarily using Mac’s for years along with various Windows and Linux OS’s for work and home. DO NOT upgrade to El Capitan yet – too many bugs. I just spent the last couple of days recovering from the upgrade I did last week. Chrome/Word/email/firefox all froze up horribly and eventually I got to a point where we were just looking at the spinning rainbow. A restart caused crashes, and it could not even get into safe mode. I thought I had hard drive or other hardware problem until I booted into Windows 8.1 and Helix 3 and everything worked fine. I am a big fan of Mac, but it is not my religion. I am running MS Office for Mac 2011 and a few forensic programs, but not MS Office 2016 which seems to be the problem with so many others. Disk utility first aid failed also. I finally booted into Recovery mode – erased the Mac partition and used a Yosemite back up I had on my time machine. I cannot see any reason to upgrade (not the right word) – update to El Capitan and wanted to save someone a few days of aggravation or worse. I have the computer forensic equipment and tools to recover from a failure but most people do not. If the beta had bugs it would seem prudent to fix them all before releasing the update. Apple – Fail 11/21/2015 Will Saverty Reply Why the hell is this a “slideshow”? Were you determined to present the information in the least user-friendly way possible? If so, congrats. 11/30/2015 Katie Elliott Reply I DLed capitan and now it says my printer is not compatible with my computer. How is this possible when it worked just fine before the download. Anyone have any ideas on how to make it work again. My printer is a Dell. 12/01/2015 Ed Reply Sooooooo….let me see if I have this correct: Upgrade to El Capitan if you have problems with Yosemite….even though the problems may persist….or worsen….or you are just trading old problems for new ones. Don’t upgrade to El Capitan if you’re happy with Yosemite……or if you need your computer for more than just wanking around…..Got it! Actually, on second thought….I think I’ll just slap in Parallels and install Windows 10, and then buy a real PC when the time comes. Signed, A very happy new Android user 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Yes Ed, I am a new Android user too. Apple has failed me as well. 12/09/2015 axejunkie Reply Thank your for this piece of shit article. You have provided ZERO insight. 12/12/2015 Stefan Reply DO NOT INSTAL THIS CRAP!!! I am so angry that Apple put out this software and I installed it. Ever since I have installed it my computer is slower then ever. The rainbow wheel is part of my mouse now, my computer shuts down inexplicably and my computer has never been slower. I have been a loyal Apple user for 10 years and I am so mad that I am consider going back to Windows. 12/15/2015 Web Slinger Reply I just installed El Capitan and my trackpad just goes haywire and unable to click on buttons, can’t even shut down computer. Can’t click on links or anything. Man this El Capitan is an El Piece of [email protected] I have to hold down the Power button till the computer shuts down then turn it back on and then log back in. This is becoming unbearable ! 12/15/2015 A frustrated macbook air user Reply I would not install EL Capitan. My battery life was cut in half and my Microsoft products do not work. I can no longer use outlook as it continues to crash. Unfortunately, i did not use time capsule to backup my computer as all my files are backup up on dropbox. I have told everyone to not install this until these issues are resolved. I am stuck with the new operating system, i would hope you will not be. 12/15/2015 fiddlestix Reply WAT 12/16/2015 Larrykmelo Reply 1=13 my neighbor’s ex-wife makes $68 /hr on the laptop . She has been fired for 6 months but last month her pay was $18404 just working on the laptop for a few hours. navigate to this site…. See More 12/24/2015 memememem Reply Hey, Larrykmelo, your story sounds so much like that other douchebag spammer, Georgiaarapier. Are you, by any chance, related? Or just parallel a-holes? 12/26/2015 Chris Reply Yes I would like to add that if you are a person who uses the Apogee ensemble with your mac do not install el capitan it is not supported you will be screwed and your ensemble will not work any more. 12/26/2015 Lester Jenson Reply I’ve had good success with upgrades, but then again with HD’s so huge today I partition my HD; install the new release to the second partition; then switch my Startup Disk – safe and easy fall back to prior release if there are any issues. Keep it simple with less whining. 12/27/2015 jehzlau Reply Installed it successfully. No problems at all on a mid 2014 macbook pro 15″ retina. Not too old, not too new. And oh, I installed it while travelling. :D 12/27/2015 Fernando Reply I have a mid 2014 Macbook pro 15″ and i had an fresh installation. The installation was well but graphic issues are present like in OS X yosemite using safari and youtube. My computer freezes 5 times per day in safari and youtube, only mouse works but nothing happens. I take my computer to apple SAT and they told me that the hardware is OK; therefore i think is a software problem. What do you think??? 01/02/2016 Jane Reply Oh Fernando, Apple has immense software problems…..and they just ignore them. Pay them cash and they ignore their customer base. Shame on Apple. 02/18/2016 Robbie Reply I’ve seen every comment you make be against Apple…. El Capitan has served me well on my 2010 MacBook, and my Apple devices outperform AND have outlived any Android or Windows device I’ve owned. And don’t get me started on how much better the battery life of my MacBook is compared to any of my Windows laptops, and How my iPod Touch battery is compared to my droid phone… I also use Windows, but I LOVE my Mac. I have to use droid for some things, and Android 5 is an improvement, but still bloated and buggy! Also, Apple does admit to their issues, you just don’t care to read about it. It’s Microsoft that doesn’t admit to it, and Microsoft tech support is guaranteed…to piss you off! Apple tech support has been fast and friendly to me! I’ve had FAR less issues with this 5-year-old MacBook than I’ve had with ANY of my Windows or droids in less than a year….at least My iPod lasts over a year, compared to my droids…Google still has some work to do before I take Android as primary, and So does MS, until then, I’m staying loyal to Apple. At least I can get through a Mac without seeing 20 years worth of Blue Screen Of Death, or hard drive corruption, or forced updates, etc. Windows and Android have their crap as well, but I am sticking to my Unix OS known as MacOS X and iOS. Oh, and, you come off as annoying when you keep copying and pasting the same reply to several different comments… 02/18/2016 Jane Reply Robbie, thank you for your opinion. may i ask how you stand on Apple security VS terrorism? 12/27/2015 funksoul6 Reply Larrykmelo: yes, but hooker income, like what your mother earned, doesn’t really count. 12/31/2015 Frank Reply Nightmare! Apple continues to fail, fail, fail…….its just not the same company! 12/31/2015 mike Reply I thought about installing it. I guess i will stick with whats working. Sounds like crap to me. Thanks for the information. Good luck to all who tried to install it. 01/02/2016 W. Peters Reply Thanks for the warnings. I too am a long time Apple user, 25 years. I find that that lately the upgrades are downgrades and I only upgraded to Mavericks because WOW stopped working. I was thinking about upgrading to Elcapitan for airdrop between OSX and IOS but I guess that I will stick with the old FTP file transfer method instead. At least I know that it works. I agree that Apple has forgotten who made them successful and who stuck with them back when they were not doing so well. 01/05/2016 Bill Reply Nearly $1000 of my MIDI outboard gear was ruined by the forced upgrades (my tax software wouldn’t even install last year unless the OS was Yosemite! It certainly wouldn’t install under 10.6.8). Apple just doesn’t seem to care anymore. Except about phones. Money wins out everytime and these are corporations. Corporations are people, right?! Money always has won and it always will. That’s Wall Street for ya’ I’m going back to Microsoft stuff because they seem to be paying a bit more attention to things rather than just the bottom line like Apple so obviously is. And Google (android) is really getting good. Those guys and gals are getting it and growing and solidifying their OS over time. It keeps getting better. Who really cares if it was invented in a garage by two guys in San Jose? 04/09/2016 Dan Reply One point not brought up in this discussion is security and the responsibility that software manufactures have to it’s users. Every company Apple, Microsoft, Google, etc. can be liable for security vulnerabilities. They are all trying to stay one step ahead of the people that want to break into your computer and steal your financial and other info. They invest millions of dollars developing new OS to also add new features in an effort to keep you loyal to their brand. Apple and Microsoft are even giving away the latest OS in hopes that you will upgrade. Yes it is a cost cutting maneuver, good for the company, but also good for the consumer. You get new features and their goal isn’t to make things worse. Yes sometimes the new upgrade sucks. That is not the intension of these companies to put out bad software and not care. They are all publicly traded companies and stock performance suffers if people stop buying the products. More users is more profit. All of these companies make very good products and they all are tying hard for your loyalty. 01/18/2016 Saifi Reply After downloading o’s X el captain my lapi is not starting… Wot to do now? Please help me out 01/18/2016 Susanjshaw Reply 0=20my co-worker’s sister makes $74 /hour on the laptop . She has been without work for six months but last month her payment was $19962 just working on the laptop for a few hours. visit their website…. See More 07/18/2016 Gary Reply After reading your input, I think that you might better succeed with Electroconvulsive Therapy 01/20/2016 Foggy Friar Reply Installed fine, works fine. I run a 2013 MacBook Pro with 16g of DDR3 and a 1tb Samsung SSHD. Perhaps your Macs are a bit anemic? 01/22/2016 Tdman Reply El Capitan is literally the worst piece of shit operating system I have ever run on a mac. I have never seen the spinning wheel so much in my life. After having so many problems I was ready to throw the iMac out the window, I went through the (not easy anymore) work of doing a clean install wiping my hard drive. Still runs like an old PC. Great job Apple developers, all the bells and whistles on a now unproductive computer is just GREAT. 01/22/2016 John F. Stoner Reply El Crapitan – biggest POS from Cupertino ever! Nothing works after upgrading – total bs. Avoid at all costs. 01/24/2016 Sam Smith Reply Oh my…you can’t even keep with the proper latest upgrade version number. Your comments are out of sync with 2016 somewhere in the middle. Apple does it right. Do they sometimes take a step backward; of course. This is a huge improvement over Yosemite…PERIOD. wannabes who only know how to gripe. Very sad. 02/18/2016 Robbie Reply Agreed. Apple may slip up every now and then, but Android and Microsoft do it a LOT more. (For example, Vista, 8, and Android 3 and 4…) 01/25/2016 wizbang_fl Reply Um if your booting into safe mode so you installed some software that causes your mail issues. Look at your launch daemons for the culprit. 02/06/2016 tough guy Reply i don’t like blaque people 02/06/2016 Jane Reply Apparently, your ignorance is boundless? 02/07/2016 Nicolas G. Reply Why write articles with stupid pages going on and on forever, why can’t be just a single page article instead of 100 pages to read along? I don’t even bother to open next page. 02/07/2016 John Reply All these new mac updates fix one thing then break another, for the first time ever i’m considering running Bootcamp putting windows on my mac. 02/18/2016 Robbie Reply Windows and Android are the same way. Nothing is perfect. Give it time to mature. 02/18/2016 Robbie Reply I’m loving El Capitan! I’m part of the public beta program….I am a true Apple fan, as my MacBook and iPod Touch has outperformed and outlived any droid or Windows PC I’ve owned. Not to mention how much longer my MacBook battery lasts compared to my Windows laptops… I use Windows, OS X, Android, and iOS, but Apple’s better tech support, reliability, etc. has made me very loyal to their products. Plus, 2 things that pushed me even further to a Mac….Windows Vista, and Windows 8/8.1…Windows 10 is along now, and although it is very much an improvement from 8, it gives WAY too much information to Microsoft, and if there’s an update that may be a bad update, or you just don’t want to apply the update in Windows 10 yet, well, TOO BAD! It installs it on the next reboot anyway! At least on my Mac, if I don’t tell it to update automatically, it won’t update unless I tell it to. Sorry, Microsoft, Sorry, Google, but it’s too late! I got a Mac! 02/29/2016 John Doe Reply Seriously, what are the reasons not to install? Are you a fanboy and can’t see the real downsides of the thing? Like some of the new security features that are included to “protect the users”? 01/07/2017 Jane Hughes Reply I’m finished buying new Apple products! Gratefully, I don’t need the applications that Apple has already messed up. 03/08/2016 Audreyjrisner Reply Its realy…! ,m­­­­­­­­­y b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t f­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­d’s h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­l­­­­­­­­­f-s­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r m­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s $87 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p . S­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t o­­­­­­­­­f a j­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­b f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r e­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­g­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r c­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­c­­­­­­­­­k w­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s $16467 j­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t w­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­g o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r a f­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­w h­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­s. find more info… See More 03/09/2016 Ma hut vidi doo Reply I don’t see the way of apple. The money spent in watch for time is gone and money is money and no fix maybe little go more the on the money of watch and apple watch for $24,000. 03/28/2016 Jeffry Calhoun Reply Avoided all OSX updates for years– the reason I moved to Mac was the frustration of keeping up with Windows and hardware problems. I also did not like some of the announced changes to the OS. This March, so many things and apps stopped working properly, so I moved from Snow Leopard to El Capitan on my old Macbook Pro (with 1 1GB drive and 8 GB memory). Also bought a new Mac Mini with El Capitan. Apple got me my Apps package back (the App store forgot me). Some of my old apps I still have to upgrade to use. Otherwise, it was about as painless as possible, and I now like the new system. My Macbook runs like new, and for some reason, even runs cooler. So it wasn’t much worse to upgrade than to start anew on the new Mac Mini. Plan on taking a few days for this. 03/30/2016 Belal Chowdhury Reply SOLVED!!! I face trouble in creating el capitan USB then i found this link to buy the USB, They provide USB 16 GB with VERY EASY installation manual by which people like me can install El Capitan perfectly. Link is this: http://www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/B01D1ZBE28/ref=dp_olp_new?ie=UTF8&condition=new That make my life easy bcoz I save my time to engage more on my work. 04/03/2016 Belal Chowdhury Reply I tried to install El Capitan so many times i tried to make USB, I faced lots of problem, then I found this site http://www.amazon.com/dp/B01D1ZBE28 where I have got ready made USB installer with installation manual. It saved my huge time which I can now spend on my own tasks. Thanks you MicroTechNA. Cheers!!!!! 04/05/2016 Someone Reply Stuck in 10.5.8 forever anyway and never gonna buy an Intel to not even run a Real Mac OS 04/10/2016 Karen Thomas Reply This is new job…!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/11/2016 John Reply From a operating system standpoint both Microsoft and Apple seem to be upsetting at least some with their OS issues. Maybe it’s just more the OS has become far more complex and trying to mate many devices together that creates issues. No doubt IOS has had it’s share of problems too. I personally don’t find El Capitan really bad, but it’s certainly has not improved much on my Macbook Air from Mavericks or Yosemite. Snow Leopard was probably the most efficient OS X version. From then on, Apple began a more robust development adding Mobile Me then iCloud to better sync IOS devices and OS X devices. This is when things became more problematic. I do agree that Tim Cook is not the obsessive perfectionist that Steve Jobs was, and has certainly delegated too much oversight of Apple product development to lower management without much oversight or final approval. Steve Jobs I think was much more willing to tell his people to get it right or it won’t go out. I could be wrong, but it appears Cook is more about managing Apple in general than obsessing about new product release quality. Today, it’s about getting it out the door and fixing the bugs on the fly. 04/11/2016 Jeff Calhoun Reply Safari still broken, but better. Back to Firefox… 04/12/2016 Terry Hammer Reply Don’;t fix it if it ain’t broke is my mantra.I’m sticking with Snow Leopard 10.6..8 the most reliable& BEST OS EVER!!! 05/07/2016 12 Reply That’s the TRUEest 04/18/2016 Somecunningliguist Reply I’m still on Mavericks 04/21/2016 D.Pythonic Reply still on Mavericks (MBP 15 late13) 04/22/2016 cbird1057 Reply You’ve heard it before and you’ll hear it again: El Crapitan 05/16/2016 Ladawnjquinn Reply really nice..!Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 05/17/2016 god448 Reply 6784 USD wanking off your laptop? 05/24/2016 Mathias Reply Macbook white (mid 2010) and Mac mini (mid 2011) both upgraded with ssd and ram, there is no os x that beats el captain after that upgrade. Get a good screwdriver set and get that 5400rpm hd out and upgrade memory to 6 or 8 ram. Don’t buy apple specific expensive ram, as long you respect DDR2 or 3 it’s ok. Frequency doesn’t matter so much, most SODIMM are adaptive (got 1600mhz in both devices) just put the new ram in the above slot and the existing beneath, it works ;) Btw, ram limitations posted by apple are incorrect. Get rid of that horrible 5400rpm drive and change it with an ssd, it will speed up everything. So both of my old Macbook and mini are running smoothly like any other pc/os. (except games) Anyway if you wan’t to upgrade your Mac there is plenty documentation on youtube, but please don’t buy a new Mac because it’s Apple marketing strategy. Hope this post is useful and hopefully happy upgrading ;) 05/28/2016 electricnerve Reply Is “Fall 2015” meant to represent an actual date, or is it merely a reference to American cultural isolationism? 06/12/2016 Stevo Reply All I know is that I spent many hours trying to work out a way to get an iphone 6s to work with snow leoplard, when in 5 minutes I downloaded the latest itunes for my vista machine and it worked immediately, I was able to use my ip6s with Vista no problems. I did not want to upgrade to the newest mac osx because when I began the install process I was warned that most of my software ( Photoshop etc ) would not run with the new OSX….. I hesitated for a few minutes and thought about how nice it is to have software which actually runs on my machine, then cancelled the install….. why can Microsoft manage to make Vista compatible with the new iphone but Apple can not? why can’t Apple just release a new OSX without making people pull their hair out trying to get everything they used to have work again? 07/09/2016 Mark Reply Since I have installed El Capitan on my iMac 27″ from 2012, coming from Yosemite, it is significantly slower. Much more often the ‘circle of death’, even when simply opening WORD or EXCEL documents. Spotlight appears to have more difficulty finding docs that it would previously indicate in no time. Annoying also is the longer waiting time at logon: the entry field is there, but there is no immediate response to keyboard entries, which used to be the case. Also I’ve had more reboot-required crashes. One or two in a few weeks while this was very rare previously. No other major difficulties, but all in all definitely slower, which is opposite effect from the advertisements that accompanied the release. 07/09/2016 Jane Reply I’m switching to Android everything because Apple is so corrupt. Tim Cook is slowly destroying the greatest and genius of Apple Corporation 07/09/2016 Bryan McKenzie Reply Install El Capitan and you will loose functions with many of your favorite programs. This so-called “update” is nothing more than fairly worthless cosmetic changes and little more than justifying the jobs of Apple’s army of coders. There is no benefit to El Capitan while delivering a huge loss of your happy Mac functions. Avoid this “upgrade” unless you wish to spend months trying to recover from the fairly pointless pretty changes. 07/22/2016 Neil Reply Apple should reissue OS 8. I could run Photoshop, Illustrator and Pagemaker and other cool software on a system total of 2 Gig with plenty of room left for all the graphics, docs files etc. The system allowed for viewing and hot-rodding all the extensions. What the hell went wrong between then and now? 07/23/2016 Jane Reply CNET acknowledged Apple’s poor software and saturation of the iPhone 08/02/2016 jade Reply The El Capitan 10.11.6 update totally put my internet connectivity out of use… both wifi and via Ethernet cable. I went back to Mountain Lion and am extremely happy because I can use my computer again. And my computer has 24gigs of ram and a lot of extra hard drive space so it wasn’t an issue with my computer. 08/06/2016 Jane Reply Apple is on a slow decline. CNET acknowledged Apple is weak in the software aspect. The whole thing makes me sad. Why is the current CEO still in place? 08/12/2016 Ann Reply Has anyone else been having a LOT of problems on the Adobe Creative Suite since the El Capitan upgrade? I’ve talked to more than 5 other designers and they are all having a lot of issues (particularly InDesign, smart objects in PhotoShop, disappearing menus in Illustrator to name a few.) Then there’s Microsoft Office Suite, which has it’s own special problems (mainly emails won’t send and need the software closed out and re-opened, opening Excel makes smart objects not work again in PhotoShop once you finally have it working…) Then there’s Safari. Many times it freezes or doesn’t load, or partially loads. Open up FireFox… works. Though sometimes FireFox now crashes or freezes as well. We’re talking Mac Pro’s (the tower kind) with fully upgraded RAM and hard drives. Had ZERO issues and ran very speedy right up until the second we upgraded to El Capitan. 08/12/2016 Jeffry Calhoun Reply I feel your pain. Adobe and Apple seem sworn enemies. Come on, people. Adobe useless since el Capitan. Epson and Apple not cooperating either. I’m having zero machine issues, but 7 months later still working thru EVERY software I had since before the upgrade. Most of the time I’ve had to open a ticket with Apple to make any progress, and the answer is NOT published anywhere. Seems like this was a huge os departure. MS office and Safari ok now. Mostly. 08/12/2016 Jeffry Calhoun Reply I saw no difference between 5 yr. MacBook Pro and new MacIntosh updates to el Capitan. Had to drag both to genius counter to get some issues resolved. 08/12/2016 Ann Reply *Adding that I still prefer Apple, just not upgrading my laptop until I hear these issues are fixed because this is the industry standard for my career and I need this stuff to function. Work computer already buggy and losing valuable productivity time, afraid to do the same to my Macbook Pro because those things are already notoriously hot and it’s 5 years old now. Came here Googling hoping to hear that there was some fixes :( but glad to see a new OS is coming…. For anyone still reading, I did see that for some reason the beta testing period was a lot shorter on El Capitan than any previous OS so who knows why that happened, but hopefully this new one will have been tested longer. 09/30/2016 chhavi Reply Hello sir….. i was using os x 7(mountain lion) version and downloaded the os x 11(El Capitan) its wants my system to restart for updating the version. but now its not updating… its updated only 10 % approx … and from the last 3 days its stucked there… 10/17/2016 Ronald Richison Reply Mac OS X El Captain uses a default IP address that can be easily guessed. After your computer is attacked by malware over wifi your machine is irreparable. The classic 🍏v.s.🍎V.s.YOU; Because both apples hate you. 01/07/2017 Bru-Hed Reply Great article title, but where are the reasons? A numbered list would really help. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch 1 hour ago Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 2 hours ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 4 hours ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 5 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 6 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 20 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 20 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 20 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 4 hours ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 16 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Russia demands the removal of LinkedIn from Google Play and Apple's App Store By Gabriel Nunes Neowin LLC @_nunesgh · Jan 7, 2017 · Hot! with 6 comments Almost two months after blocking access to LinkedIn's website, Russian authorities have demanded that both Apple and Google remove LinkedIn's app from their local app stores. The action follows removal of The New York Times' app from Apple's App Store in China after a government request this week. The Russian authorities are backed by a court ruling that decided LinkedIn wasn't fulfilling local laws. Under a 2014 law, all internet companies are required to physically store all data pertaining to Russian citizens inside the country. Non-complying companies would face a complete ban from the country, as we see happening now. Nicole Leverich, a spokesperson for LinkedIn, said to The New York Times: “It [the decision] denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses.” Although both Apple and Google are strong advocates of an open internet, we're now seeing increasing pressure for US tech companies to comply with local laws in the countries in which their services are made available. Apple has already acknowledged the request by the Russian government, but Google has declined to comment, although it has affirmed its compliance with the local laws in the countries in which it operates. It's also a setback for Microsoft, LinkedIn's new owner. Last year, Microsoft was accused of spying on its users in Russia, and was also dumped by the Russian government in favor of homegrown alternatives. Source: The New York Times Tags Microsoft Linkedin Linkedin app Russia Apple Google Google play App store Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Microsoft to introduce 802.11ad Wi-Fi support with Windows 10 Creators Update Next Story Polaroid announces new smartwatch line, but one of them looks awfully familiar Advertisement Community Activity Refresh [DKIM] Subdomain Mail Server in Internet, Network & Security Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch in Front Page News Cat-Skinning: SMS and MMS apps that can avoid using mobile data in Android To upgrade or not upgrade... in Hardware Hangout Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News How to backup data & OS when swapping HDD with SSD in Hardware Hangout Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore in Front Page News Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank in Front Page News Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago with 5 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 4 comments Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Microsoft to be the first trillion-dollar company through LinkedIn purchase, says analyst Dec 27, 2016 · Hot! Microsoft brings its Solitaire Collection to iOS and Android Nov 23, 2016 Russia will soon block LinkedIn if company doesn't store user info locally Nov 11, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 6 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
BUSINESS CEO Tim Cook gets his pay cut as Apple's revenue declines for first time since 2001 Tim Cook Richard Drew / AP Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, had his pay cut by 15% after the tech company experienced its first decline in revenue since 2001. Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, had his pay cut by 15% after the tech company experienced its first decline in revenue since 2001. (Richard Drew / AP) Associated Press Apple penalized Chief Executive Tim Cook for the iPhone maker's first sales slump in 15 years with a 15% pay cut.  Cook still did extremely well, with a compensation package valued at $8.7 million for Apple's fiscal year that ended Sept. 24, according to a regulatory filing made Friday. But the amount was down from nearly $10.3 million in the prior year.  The Cupertino, Calif., company cited a downturn in Apple's revenue and operating profit as the main reason it cut the pay of Cook and its other top executives.  Apple's revenue dropped 8% to $216 billion, while its operating profit declined 16% to $60 billion. That was mainly because it sold fewer iPhones for the first time since the device came out in 2007.  It also marked the first time that Apple's annual revenue decreased since 2001, which was just before the company's late co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the iPod. That digital music player set the stage for the iPhone and iPad.  The iPhone triggered a revolution in mobile computing and became Apple's biggest moneymaker, even as a wide range of device makers released competing products primarily running on Google's free Android software. Most of the world's smartphones are powered by Android, but the iPhone remains a popular high-priced status symbol.  Even so, consumers are holding on to their existing iPhones for longer periods instead of upgrading to a newer model every year or two. That has raised investor concerns that Apple has become too dependent on the iPhone, a nagging worry that has been aggravated by the company's inability to introduce another breakthrough product since Jobs' death in 2011.  Cook, Jobs' anointed successor, had hoped Apple would have another huge hit with a smartwatch unveiled in 2014, but that device has had only moderate success.  Apple's regulatory filing revealed that the company was bracing for a sales drop last year, although not quite as steep as what occurred. The compensation committee for Apple's board of directors had established a revenue goal of $224 billion for last year, which would have been a 4% decline from the previous year.  The company expected sales to rebound during the holiday shopping season on hopes that consumers would be snapping up its latest iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus. Apple will release its quarterly results that include the holidays later this month.    Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. Caption Laurel Canyon mudslide Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Caption Raw video: Surveillance video of fatal LAPD shooting of 16-year-old The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. ALSO Marijuana brands can trademark almost anything, except marijuana Meet the Hollywood producer at the center of a scandal shaking the Israeli government Airline fatalities rose in 2016 but the year was still one of the safest in decades Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Job Layoffs Jobs and Workplace Apple Inc. Unemployment and Layoffs Apple iPhone Tim Cook Steve Jobs Kevin Starr, author of California histories and former state librarian, dies at 76 How these Los Angeles-born pink hats became a worldwide symbol of the anti-Trump women's march Race is an integral part of Obama's story, and he embraced its complexity Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Windows) How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Mac) Peter Thiel Confirms 'The Age of Apple is Over' Busy Shapes is Apple's Free App of the Week [Download] Twelve South Unveils New RelaxedLeather Shell Case for the iPhone 7 iPhone 8 to Feature IP68 Water Resistance? KORG Gadget for iOS Makes Its Way to Mac Apple Posts Four New 'iPhone 7 + AirPods' Ads [Video] Safari Users Can't Watch Newly Posted YouTube Videos in 4K Download the Pocket Anatomy App for Free [Deal] Apple Posts New Ad for the Apple Watch Series 2 [Video] Consumer Reports Now Recommends New MacBook Pro Following Retest With Updated Version of MacOS [Video] Ecobee Remote Sensors Can Now Be Used as HomeKit Temperature and Occupancy Sensors Opera Releases New 'Neon' Concept Browser for Mac [Download] Google Announces Updated Ride Services Experience for Google Maps [Video] Apple is Now Accepting tvOS Binaries Up to 4GB in Size Foxconn and Sharp Consider Building LCD Plant in the U.S. Snapchat Gets Universal Search Apple Seeds iOS 10.2.1 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Kanex Introduces GoPlay SideKick Wireless Game Controller for iOS LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 7, 2017 at 6:31pm by iClarified · 6704 views · Translate Kanex has announced a new series of GoPlay wireless game controllers for iOS. GoPlay SideKick, the first in the series, is a pocket-sized wireless game controller for iPhone, iPad and Apple TV. Certified by Apple, this portable controller works with almost any controller-supported game on the App Store. The rechargeable battery provides 20 hours of gameplay and uses Bluetooth 4.0 to connect to your device. A clamshell case protects your controller and serves as a stand to prop up your device. "It's no secret that mobile gaming has become ever-present in today's pop culture," commented Andrew Truong of Kanex. "While mobile gaming has many advantages to console or PC gaming, it falls short when it comes to the level of control one can expect – until now that is. Inspired by traditional console controllers, the GoPlay SideKick brings the console gaming experience to your iOS devices." Hundreds of Games to Choose From With a growing number of high-quality controller-compatible games on the App store, the Kanex GoPlay SideKick is the best gaming accessory for your iPhone, iPad or Apple TV. MFi certified and specifically made for iOS, this little controller makes the most out of your gaming experience. It connects wirelessly to your device and works with any controller-supported game on the App store. Console-like Gameplay With a layout inspired by traditional console controllers, Kanex GoPlay offers a more refined level of control than your touchscreen. Featuring pressure-sensitive buttons, dual analog joysticks, trigger buttons and a D-pad, you'll enjoy precision control for your favorite mobile games. Portable Play Boasting a handy compact design, Kanex GoPlay SideKick's innovative, patent pending protective clamshell case has an integrated stand to prop up your iPhone for the best view during game play. When not in use, this portable device effortlessly fits in your pocket or bag. The convenient rechargeable battery uses your iPhone's Lightning cable to power up. A single charge provides up to 20 hours of gameplay. Apple Certified Kanex GoPlay is Apple MFi Certified, which means it's specifically made for Apple iPhone, iPad and Apple TV so you can expect quality performance and reliability. Availability & Pricing The new Kanex GoPlay SideKick will be available February 2017, with an MSRP of $59.95. Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment Dude - January 7, 2017 at 7:25pm Looks like the steel series controller line up. Talk to me when they make a bladepad or junglecat style controller. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump Sets Off Backlash With Attack on Civil Rights Icon By YAMICHE ALCINDOR 9:59 PM ET Outrage over President-elect Donald J. Trump’s criticism of Representative John Lewis is driven by what many blacks see as his lack of understanding of their reverence for the civil rights movement. Several members of Congress said they would not attend the inauguration, and would meet with activists to discuss strategies to oppose Mr. Trump’s administration. Corporations Open Cash Spigot for Inauguration 8:54 PM ET Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Pick for Labor Dept. Has Long History of Fighting Labor Laws By JODI KANTOR and JENNIFER MEDINA 10:09 PM ET Andrew F. Puzder, the head of the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant chains who is being considered for labor secretary, may son be tasked with enforcing the very rules his business has been accused of violating. More in Politics In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too World Leaders Push Israel and Trump to Forge a 2-State Deal By ALISSA J. RUBIN, BENOÎT MORENNE and ISABEL KERSHNER 9:02 PM ET Though peace efforts between Israel and the Palestinians seem doomed, world leaders gathered in Paris for a peace conference and signaled that they still longed for a two-state solution. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Once Predatory, Refund Loans Take Friendlier Turn By STACY COWLEY Advances from tax preparation companies now come with no interest and no fees, but consumer watchdogs remain wary. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Packers Thwart Cowboys as Time Expires By BILL PENNINGTON 9:53 PM ET Green Bay advanced to the N.F.C. Title Game with a 34-31 win on Mason Crosby’s 51-yard field goal with no time remaining. Dallas had converted a tying 52-yard field goal with 35 seconds left. Live Updates: Steelers Lead Chiefs Entering 4th Quarter Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Turkish Airlines Cargo Jet Crash Kills 16 in Kyrgyzstan 10:18 PM ET Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 8:37 PM ET Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” The Opinion Pages Contributing Op-Ed Writer In Pakistan, Justice for the Killers Among Us By MOHAMMED HANIF 6:02 PM ET Terrorism trials in military courts deliver only revenge, and uncover very little information. Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Wehner: Eight Was Enough Follow us on Twitter » Editorial Turkey’s Relentless Attack on the Press President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has worked to silence independent voices as he tightens his authoritarian control. Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Style Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » Tax Refund Loans Are Revamped and Resurrected With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue In Davos, Bracing for a Shifting U.S. Stance on Climate Change Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » Corporations Open the Cash Spigot for Trump’s Inauguration One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » Workers Say Andrew Puzder Is ‘Not the One to Protect’ Them, But He’s Been Chosen To Obama Legacy of Freeing Prisoners May Come Under Trump Siege Trump’s Feud With John Lewis Prompts Outrage Among Blacks Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals For ‘The Red Turtle,’ Studio Ghibli Looks West for an ‘Eastern’ Approach How Movies and TV Address Rape and Revenge New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » NFL Playoffs: Steelers Kicker Sets Playoff Record With 6 Field Goals On Pro Basketball: Cavaliers-Warriors Rematch Carries Meaning for Past and Future Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Conservationist Bud Lilly, ‘a Trout’s Best Friend,’ Dies at 91 Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: David Gardner Welcomes Guy Kawasaki to Rule Breaker Investing The author and speaker shares his "Ten Commandments" for entrepreneurs. David Gardner (TMFSpiffyPop) Jan 7, 2017 at 11:11AM Rule Breaker Investing wrapped up its Entrepreneur series last month with an interview with Guy Kawasaki, the Silicon Valley-based author, speaker, and chief evangelist at Canva.  For decades, Guy has led a distinguished career in the technology world, and in this episode, he shares his personal Ten Commandments for entrepreneurs. Find out why "jumping curves" and "rolling the DICEE" can be the key to a successful, innovative company. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 3, 2016. David Gardner: Welcome back to Rule Breaker Investing. Well, it is a special treat. This is, after all, the time of abundance. The time of Thanksgiving. The holiday time. So we've got something extra for you, once again, this month in Motley Fool Rule Breakers, and that is an interview with one of my favorite entrepreneur coaches (an entrepreneur, himself) [and] business minds, today, and that's Guy Kawasaki, a longtime friend of The Motley Fool and somebody I'm so delighted to share with you, today. You may or may not know Guy's stuff. If you do, you're going to hear more great Guy Kawasaki advice. He's going to be reunderlining a few things that you'd heard once and perhaps forgotten. If you've never heard from Guy Kawasaki before, you're in for a treat. And so this will officially and formally close out Entrepreneur Month, which is what November was for Rule Breaker Investing. Well, let me get right to Guy. __ Gardner: Guy Kawasaki is the chief evangelist of Canva, an online graphic design tool with tens of millions of users, at this point. He's on the board of trustees of the Wikimedia Foundation, a brand ambassador for Mercedes-Benz USA, an executive fellow of the Haas School of Business (UC Berkeley). We both have had at least one son be there or graduate from there. He was also, of course, the chief evangelist of Apple. He's also the author of The Art of Start 2.0, The Art of Social Media, Enchantment -- I hate brushing through these [as] these are some very fine books -- Rules for Revolutionaries [and] eight other books. There's just so much to say about Guy. Guy, you got a BA from Stanford University. I didn't remember you got an MBA from UCLA. Looking backward, was that the right thing to do? An MBA? Did you even need an MBA? Guy Kawasaki: Looking backward? Well, it's easy to look backward. At the time (this is the late '70s), the MBA degree was a fence that you jumped over to get career advancement. I don't think that's true in technology, today. So is it necessary to get an MBA to start a company? Not at all. Is it necessary to get an MBA to work for Goldman Sachs, or for Accenture, or for McKinsey? Probably. So it depends on your career path. You know, when people say, "Well, I'm thinking of starting a company. I want to go get an MBA," I tell them, "You know, I don't think so." And in Silicon Valley, believe it or not, for a tech company an MBA is not necessarily a positive. Gardner: Yeah, I can see that, so it's somewhat ironic to note that Guy Kawasaki has an MBA, but really place and time it makes sense to me. It makes sense to me. And Guy, you know, I first came across you... This is really random. I was sitting in Alexandria, Virginia in my house (this is in the mid-1990s), and on local cable access there was just some interview with you. You were sitting there, and you were taking down conventional wisdoms right in front of your host, talking about starting a business. You probably were shooting down an MBA at that point. This is two decades after you got one. But you spoke to me -- you didn't know you were speaking to me -- but I don't think The Motley Fool started there. I was just sitting there, watching, and I was thinking I really like this guy (pun not intended) because he looks at things differently. And the Fool in me, which would later kind of break out and become a real thing, appreciated you going after conventional wisdom. That's what I wanted to do featuring you this week on Rule Breaker Investing, Guy. I wanted to spot you up with some of your great what I think of as "Kawasaki-isms." Just to give the background, here, this is from a speech you gave in 2009, in fact, at Wharton. I'm just going to spot you up with your "Ten Commandments" and ask you just to give us a minute or two on each one. I'm not expecting you memorized these. Were these chiseled in stone? Do you remember these ten commandments, Guy? Kawasaki: Uh, barely. Gardner: Did you come down from a mountain, somewhere? Kawasaki: Well, I've misplaced my tablet, so you're going to have to refresh my mind. Gardner: No problem. These are all great, and I'm really looking forward to it. Let's get started with number one. Number one -- make meaning, not money. Kawasaki: By this I mean, and it's really an observation, that if you look at the truly great companies, they make meaning. They make people's lives better. So Apple has made computing available to many people. Google has democratized information. Canva, the company that I work for now, is trying to democratize design. And my theory is that if you make meaning, you'll probably also make money. But if you start off trying to slowly make money, you'll just attract a bunch of people who are trying to get a quick clip. Gardner: And Guy, when you become chief evangelist at Apple or Canva, is this something that you're bringing about a viewpoint to those companies or do those companies already get it? Kawasaki: That depends on how retroactive you want your thinking to be. If you go to work and the company succeeds and it changes people's lives, then after the fact you say, "Of course I knew that, and I really joined that company in order to make the world a better place." But truly at the time you join a company, I would make the case that you're so frickin' happy to get job, anywhere, that you'd probably still go to work anywhere, maybe short of a cigarette company or something. So that's where the theory and the practice diverge, shall I say. Gardner: Out of curiosity, Guy, what was your first job after your MBA? Kawasaki: My first job coming out of my MBA was, believe it or not, working for a small family held jewelry company. It was a jewelry manufacturer. No test at all. And it was one of the best experiences, ever, because it enabled me to learn how to truly sell. Gardner: All right, number two. Number two -- make a mantra, not a mission statement. Kawasaki: Yes. So I'm anti-mission statement. I think mission statements are 25 to 50 words long. They're meaningless. They try to address too many constituencies. The typical mission statement is, "We endeavor to create world-class products that exceed the desires of our customers while enabling our employees to self-actualize their life goals while providing shareholders with a meaningful capital return while killing as few dolphins and whales as possible." And that's a little difficult to stomach. And so I think you should create a mantra which is two or three words long and very easy to remember. For example, the mantra of Canva is "to democratize design." And I don't know if it's a mantra -- if they use it in this sense -- but from the outside looking in, I would say that Google democratizes information. So that's two words that explain what you do, and I think that's a much more powerful way to explain to the world, including your employees, why you exist. Gardner: Beautiful. Number three. This is your own phrase, I think. Jump curves. Kawasaki: Yes. So by jumping curves, I mean that true innovation occurs not on the same curve. Not that you made a better typewriter, or a better computer, or a better laser printer. True innovation occurs when you get to the next curve. So you go from harvesting ice, to ice factories, to refrigerator. You go from daisy-wheel printer, to laser printer, to 3D printer. You go from telegraph, to telephone, to mobile phone. That's where the big jumps occur, not because you made a slightly better copper-based telephone system. Gardner: And playing it forward, you did such a glib and wonderful job just taking us through three quick generations of a few different technologies. Can you select a technology that we all think of as a new, cool thing today and can you jump a curve, or two, and look 25 to 50 years ahead? Kawasaki: Oh, wow. Gardner: You said it's easy to look back, earlier, which is true. This is an unfair question. But since we have entrepreneurs listening, somebody's probably wondering what curve he or she should jump. Kawasaki: Well, let me give you an algorithm instead of an answer, because I don't have an answer. I think the algorithm is that it's probably a guy and a gal, two gals, or a two guys in a garage or a spare dorm room that are unencumbered by the current state of the art. So that's why it's so difficult for existing companies to jump curves. Now if you define yourself as "we harvest ice," then do you embrace the ice factory? If you own a bunch of ice factories, do you jump the curve to the refrigerator? So if you're Western Union and you own telegraphs, do you jump to the telephone, and do you jump from telephone to internet, and from internet to mobile? And that's the difficulty. I'm 62 years old. I think it's very difficult for a 62-year-old to tell you how to jump a curb, because we're so stuck on our current curb. So, I think that's why, by definition, it's usually a young person who jumps the curb because they don't know any better. Gardner: Well put. Number four, Guy. You're throwing an acronym at us with this one. In product design, you said, "roll the DICEE," but dice has an extra "e" on the end and they're all capitals. That's an acronym. What is it? Kawasaki: OK. A "DICEE" is the five essential qualities of innovation. So the "D" stands for depth. Great products are deep. You don't run out of power as you come up the curve, the learning curve. The "I" stands for intelligent. When you look at it, you say, "Huh! This company understood my pain. This company understood my problem." The "C" stands for complete, so it's not just deep. It's also wide. A great example of that is Amazon. It's not just buying books, anymore. It's basically buying anything you want. The first "E" stands for elegance in the user interface and the industrial design. And the last "E" stands for empowering. That it makes you more creative or productive. So the way I apply this is when you try to jump curves, ask yourself, "Are we creating something that's deep, intelligent, complete, empowering, and elegant?" Gardner: Boy. Each one of these I want to go further down, but if I did we would have way too long an interview. But that's wonderful guiding words from a guy who clearly knows. Number five -- this is a classic Guy Kawasaki phrase. Number five -- don't worry, be "crappy." Kawasaki: Yeah. So don't worry, be crappy means that when you have jumped curbs, don't worry if your curb isn't perfect. For example, if you had the first refrigerator, it was already better to the best ice factory, so ship. When you had the first laser printer, it was already better than the best dot matrix printer, so ship. If I had been smarter, I would have called this the "minimum viable product,"... Gardner: Aha! Kawasaki: ...and I would be Eric Ries instead of Guy Kawasaki. But, you know, I actually think that don't worry, be "crappy" is clever. Gardner: It's definitely a mantra, and mantras matter. I like it. And you were certainly saying it before the MBP crowd showed up, so I think that they've learned something from you. Kawasaki: I know! I know! Really! Gardner: Now, let me ask. Since we just covered a point where you used the word "elegance," some people might think there's a little bit of a conflict between the concept of design something that has elegance; but just being crappy and shipping. How do you reconcile those? Kawasaki: Well, as long as you understand that I am not suggesting that you ship crap. I'm suggesting that you ship a curve jump and it can have elements of crappiness to it. There's a difference. Gardner: Mm-hmm. Yeah. Kawasaki: So the first Macintosh was elegant, but it had elements of crappiness to it. Gardner: And let me ask, because I can't not think of Clayton Christensen and his studies and work on disruptive innovation, where often it is the new player who comes in and democratizes something. It's never going to be an elite quality product. It's just going to be something for the common man and something that people start to use. It's not as good as the Mercedes-Benz, but over time, these disruptive companies can end up growing into those markets. Guy, have you read some Clayton Christensen? Do you see some consonance? Kawasaki: Oh, yeah, absolutely. I'm a big Clayton Christensen fan. I think there's two key lessons, [here]. The first is that it's very difficult to remain innovative. That's his whole point, that it is a dilemma for innovative companies to remain innovative. So that's number one. Number two -- I think a very important message from Clayton is that the market leaders are typically attacked from below, not above. To take a case that I'm very familiar with because I'm in the design business -- let's say you're trying to attack Adobe Photoshop. One method would be to create a better Photoshop (more features, more power, higher end). I don't think you succeed that way. I think you attack Photoshop from the bottom, which means less features, easier to use, cheaper, online, and all that other stuff and then you go upmarket. But you don't start by saying "we're more powerful than Photoshop." You start off by saying, "we're less powerful than Photoshop. More elegant. Cheaper. More approachable. Easier to learn." That's the way you attack a leader. So when Sun attacked, let's say, DEC or Digital, they didn't attack it from above. They didn't say "we have a more powerful computer." They attacked it from the bottom -- not the bottom, maybe, but lower -- saying that "we have a cheaper, easier, faster, you know whatever computer." Gardner: So counterintuitive. So true. Such an important point. Kawasaki: Can I draw a parallel? Gardner: Please. Kawasaki: When you started your company, you didn't try to outdo the Wall Street Journal, right? You attack the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times and any other financial institution or institutions that cover finance... Gardner: Thank you. Kawasaki: You didn't attack it from above. You attacked it from below. Gardner: We were Fools. It turns out 20 years later we still are Fools. But thank you, Guy, I appreciate that. Kawasaki: You have outlasted Lehman Brothers. Gardner: [Laughs] I don't know that I should laugh at that, but it's true. It's true. Thank you very much. So we are at the halfway point. This is halftime. Those are five of Guy's 10 commandments. I'm taking a deep breath, here, because I'm already processing a lot that you just shared with us. Do you want to do a quick halftime show? Do you have something to sing, maybe? Is Janet Jackson around? Or should we just go right into the second half? Kawasaki: I think we should just plunge ahead. Gardner: All right, good. So I'll kick off to you, here, to start the second half. Number six -- polarize people. Kawasaki: Yes. Polarize people means that great innovation will make some people very happy; it will make some people very pissed off; and that's OK. The goal is not to make everybody happy, because if you try to do that, you'll end up with mediocrity. So the key -- the key -- is that you create something that excites people and the consequence of that is that yes, you may piss off a few people, but so be it. That's better than not being on the radar. Gardner: You know, I think of somebody else that I really have enjoyed his work over the course of time, Seth Godin, and he talks about the word "remarkable," which means simply that you're causing people to remark about what you're doing. It might be good [and] it might be bad, but you're causing them to remark. It sounds like this kind of polarization. Kawasaki: It's the "purple" Kawasaki. Gardner: There we go. Purple Kawasaki. I like it. Of course, punning on Seth's Purple Cow for those keeping score at home. Outstanding. Number seven, Guy. Let 100 flowers blossom. What do you mean by that? Kawasaki: Yes. Let 100 flowers blossom means that at the start of great innovation, you may think you have figured out exactly who should use your product, how, and why; and you may encounter a very interesting situation where unintended customers use your product in unintended ways. And lots of companies freak out when this happens. My God. The wrong people are buying our products in large quantities. And when that happens, you should just declare victory and take the money. Gardner: And that's because at the end of the day, we're all trying to improve the world. Change people's lives. Sometimes we do it in ways we, ourselves, didn't even foresee or intend. Kawasaki: And don't be proud. Take the money. Gardner: Number eight -- churn, baby, churn. Kawasaki: Yes. Churn, baby, churn is a play on "burn, baby, burn" and the Black Panthers. By churn, baby, churn I mean that one of the hardest things for a revolutionary to do is to shift a curve jump and to continue to enhance the curve jump. To churn it. To go from 10, to 11, 12, 13, 14, 15. And that's a huge challenge, but so necessary. A Macintosh 128, to Macintosh 512, to Macintosh Plus, to Macintosh II, etc., etc. Gardner: And guy, do you still see Apple doing that today? Is that your view of Apple in 2016? Churn, baby, churn? Kawasaki: Well, I have to say that they continue to churn their phone. I don't think they churn it fast (or fast enough). I have an iPhone 7, and to my amazement you still can't do wireless charging. It's little things like that. On the one hand, they're telling the world that we all have to go to USB-C, but this has a lightning connector, so explain to me why you're telling us to go to USB-C on computers, but you're still lightning? I don't get that. I can't tell you that I'm blown away by the pace of their churn. Oh, another case in point is I have a Macbook Pro, and this Macbook Pro is from 2013. It's now 2017. I have a new Macbook Pro on order, but I used to change Macbooks every year. When the hard disk started getting filled up, right there it was God telling me to buy a new Macbook Pro. But I've had this thing for three years. How is it possible that I've had a Macbook Pro for three years? Gardner: But isn't that kind of a good thing? I think a lot of people don't want to have to constantly buy a new computer every year. Kawasaki: Yeah. I mean, certainly I understand that, but I want to buy a new computer every year. Not because I want to spend the money, but because I want to be blown away. Oh, it got twice as fast, or twice as cool. I'm OK with that. In a sense, people have to understand for me (and maybe not a lot of people) but for me, my computer is the core of my productivity. It's not like a car. For a car for me, I can spend years in a car because it's not core to my existence. But a computer is core to my existence, and I want it to be improved all the time. Gardner: Number nine. Niche yourself. Kawasaki: Yes. So niche yourself is a recommendation that you need to be very important so you're valuable, and you need to be unique; that is, only you make this product or service. Because when you're valuable and unique, that's when you can make history and make money. So you can be valuable but not unique (and I would say that Dell is in that corner). You can make a lot of money, there, but it's always about price, because you're not unique. You can be unique but not valuable, and in that corner you're just stupid, because you own a market that doesn't exist. You could be unique and not valuable. That's many Silicon Valley companies, where it's a dumb idea, but people like me are funding multiple versions of the dumb idea. So the corner you need to be in is where you're the only game in town and it's very valuable. I would say, for example, when the iPhone first came out, it was valuable, because it had a good user interface. And it was unique because it was the only way you could easily, and cheaply, and legally buy music. So that was unique and valuable, and hence the success. You could make the case that all of innovation is about being unique and valuable. Gardner: You know, Guy, I think a lot of people who are entrepreneurs... One of the most popular start-ups that's not a Silicon Valley start-up (I'm thinking small business across America and the world) is a restaurant. A lot of people start restaurants. Have you ever opened up restaurant? Kawasaki: No. I'm not that much of a masochist. Gardner: It's a tough business, no question. But I think about what makes unique in a restaurant. I feel like that's a creative problem that you or I could solve. I think that there are ways. We had Danny Meyer on of Union Square fame and Shake Shack fame a couple of weeks ago on this podcast, and I think his decision to take tipping out of the equation, altogether, at his restaurants is an example. Kawasaki: Yes. That is definitely an interesting thing. I think his point is that it makes a better relationship between customer and... Do they call it front? The front office? What do they call it? It's back versus front, right? Now, if you're a diner, you're not thinking about, "Well, how much do I tip this guy or gal," and if you're a waiter, you're not thinking, "Well, how much is this *!@#* going to tip me?" But I think almost more important, [which] is part of his concept, is he increases the base-level pay of everybody. I think he makes a good point. So a waiter or a waitress has a low base, but can make a lot of money because of tips. But the cook, who's making the essential product... Gardner: That's right. Kawasaki: ...is on a flat rate. There's no profit sharing. There's no tipping of the cook. Gardner: That's right. Kawasaki: So it's kind of ass-backwards, right? So what's more important? The food or the serving of the food? At least they're equally important. In his NPR thing, they interviewed some cooks and they were making $25,000 to $35,000 a year after spending four years in culinary school. That boggles my mind. Gardner: Thinking of another business that's taken tipping out and has gotten pretty popular these days is Uber. What do you make of Uber? Kawasaki: Well, Uber hasn't taken tipping out. It's just tipping is automated, right? Gardner: Yeah, but taking the decision [away from] the consumer. It just feels easier to me, anyway. Kawasaki: Yes. Oh, yes, it's much easier. I admit the concept of taking tipping out -- there are times where you might not want the Uber driver to get any tip and it's kind of automatic. And there are also times where you want to give an exemplary case to an Uber driver and you want to pay them even more. And I know you can do that, but who the hell ever remembers to do that? But I don't think the essence of Uber is taking tipping out. I think the essence of Uber is that you go to your app, you say you're here, you see how many cars are around. It's not like calling a cab company. You call a cab company and you have no idea if they're coming all the way across town to pick you up... Gardner: Yeah ... Kawasaki: ... and it's going to be half an hour or five minutes. And then the whole experience of getting out. So you get out of the cab. You hope they take a credit card. You hope they're not capturing your number. I mean, there's a lot of like iffy stuff. Whereas Uber, you just get the hell out of there... Gardner: Yeah... Kawasaki: ...and boom. And then I think the probability of getting reimbursed by your company for an Uber fare is much higher than a taxi fare because to get out of a taxi and you paid, you have to remember to get a receipt. You have to remember to put in the number, the date, and the amount, and then you have to remember to keep that piece of paper, and you have to remember to turn that piece of paper in, which means you never get reimbursed for a cab. But Uber is always there, so you could make the case that Uber has cost companies money because it's much more likely for an employee to get an Uber reimbursement than a cash cab reimbursement, so maybe it's a negative for companies. Gardner: Well, it sounds like a better world to me, although in the end we have the choice of either one, and that's the world I like. Guy, you've been so gracious with nine points. I've got your 10th one for you. Whether or not you remember it, this all, again, comes from a speech you gave at Wharton seven years ago, and it closed out with number 10, follow the 10-20-30 rule. What's that? Kawasaki: Yes, the 10-20-30 rule is a rule for pitching. So my recommendation is that you use 10 slides, you be able to give those 10 slides in 20 minutes, and that your font is no smaller than 30 points. And if you were to follow this rule, your pitch would be better than 95% of the pitches in the world. Just those three rules. Gardner: And you said 30 point or bigger, right? You didn't say 30 point or smaller. You're talking about big words, a few slides. A short presentation. Kawasaki: Minimum. Minimum 30 points, yes. Not maximum. Gardner: Now, I'm picturing you as the chief evangelist at Canva. I know you're very busy. Do you watch pitches these days? Is that part of the Guy Kawasaki life in 2016? Kawasaki: Nope. Never. Never. Gardner: Do you miss it? Kawasaki: Not at all. You know, the nature of pitches is that you look at a thousand and you accept one... Gardner: That's inefficient. Kawasaki: Yeah. Gardner: That's a lot of work. Kawasaki: And also, by definition you're almost always going to say no. That's number one. Number two [is] it's hard, because on the one hand, you want to help the entrepreneur improve his or her pitch. On the other hand, helping the entrepreneur improve his or her pitch takes enormous intellectual involvement. And so, I think that's why venture capitalists never really give you feedback. They kind of say, "Yes, very interesting. Looks promising. We'll get back to you," because that's easy to say. Whereas if you really wanted to improve the pitch, you'd say, "OK, so you suck here, you suck here, you suck here, and this is how to change it." But then when you start telling people where they suck, then they argue back that, "no, we don't suck." And then it becomes a time suck. So in a sense, it's like when you're hiring an employee. You interview a thousand people and you hire one. You don't give 999 employees feedback. Oh, this is why we didn't hire you. It's because you're a brute, and you're wearing a polyester pantsuit, and you have bad breath, and you have a really poor résumé. And you have lousy references. We'll tell you who the lousy references came from. Now, some of these actually step over the line of legality, but when you get rejected by a company, you always get a letter that says "despite your high qualifications, we are unable to offer you a position." They don't tell you why you sucked. So "don't cry for me Argentina," but that's why it's really hard to listen to a lot of pitches if you want to help the entrepreneur, because it takes enormous energy and enormous intellectual involvement to truly help someone you're rejecting. Gardner: Well through your books and through your own work. Through speeches that you give. Through your very presence in the world at large, Guy, you have helped innumerable entrepreneurs, this one included, and I'm really grateful to have this chance to connect with you this week. Let me close out by asking you two quick questions. One is I would love to know a hero of yours, living or dead. I think heroes matter so much to all of us, and I'm always curious. You're one of my heroes, but who's one of your heroes? And the second question -- you can take them in either order -- is can you give the classic Kawasaki line about don't let the bozos get you down and explain it. Kawasaki: As for heroes, right now I'm into surfing, so I guess my hero would be Kelly Slater. That's number one. I suppose you wanted a more intellectual kind of answer... Gardner: No, no. That works. Kawasaki: So that's one. Another is to reiterate a name that you mentioned. I think that Clayton Christensen is doing great work about innovation. A third would be, of course, Steve Jobs. There are aspects of how he did things that I don't exactly admire, but there are aspects that he was just beyond anybody else's capabilities, so he would be a hero. So those are some heroes for you. Gardner: Let me pin down, really quick, on Steve Jobs. Can you give a quick anecdote? Some time that you brushed Jobs wrongly? Throw us a bone, here, Kawasaki Jobs. Kawasaki: OK. So first of all, when the Macintosh division decided to hire me, the person who hired me was my college classmate, so it was purely nepotism. When he went to Steve to say, "OK, can I hire Guy?" Steve's ringing endorsement of me was, "He's OK, but I'm not sure, and if you hire him and he doesn't work, I'm going to fire you, too." So that's how I got my job at Apple. But it all worked out. Gardner: It sure did. Kawasaki: That's my Steve Jobs story for you. Gardner: Great. All right, and "don't let the bozos get you down." What do you mean? Kawasaki: Well, don't let the bozos get you down means that there are going to be people in the world who tell you it can't be done, and it shouldn't be done, it isn't necessary, and you have to learn to ignore those people. Now, there are fundamentally two kinds of bozos. One bozo is obviously a loser. Body odor. Pocket protector. Japanese watch. Rusty car. So this bozo is not dangerous because an obvious loser should not endanger your existence because only losers listen to losers. So if you're a loser, you might listen to a loser. Your listeners are not losers, so this bozo isn't dangerous. The dangerous bozo is the rich, famous, powerful bozo, because many people parse rich and famous to smart. But I would make the case that rich and famous usually (or not usually) but at least 50% of the time parses to lucky. So it's very difficult to separate luck from competence. And this is why it's dangerous, because if a dangerous bozo tells you you it can't be done and shouldn't be done and it isn't necessary, and you actually listen, you might not try, and that's the worst outcome of all. So I want to caution people from listening to people just because they're rich and famous. By that tip you shouldn't listen to, I don't know, Kim Kardashian about how to raise a family. I would suggest that that might not be optimal. But that's the danger. Now, that is kind of an extreme example, but let's suppose you're in the personal computer business, and you go to someone who's been very successful in the mini computer business for advice. And the person in the mini computer business might tell you, "Well, no one wants a personal computer, and so you should learn cobalt and come work for my mini computer company." And if you listened to that person, you would never start Apple. That's why if you went to the person who owned 50 successful ice factories and said to that person, "Well, we have this new thing called a refrigerator. You don't have to have an ice factory to deliver ice to you anymore. Now you can have your own personal ice factory," I highly doubt that the ice factory owner would say, "You're right. You should do this company." Gardner: Outstanding. Guy Kawasaki, what a pleasure it is to reconnect after some years and I continue to wish you the very best. Good luck with Canva and all of your other endeavors. Kawasaki: Thank you very much, David. It's a pleasure. Gardner: Fool on! __ Gardner: Well, I hope those 30 minutes, or so roughly, spoke for themselves. I hope you're having a wonderful weekend, and that you were educated, amused, and enriched by what you just heard. And if that's the case, then that's what The Motley Fool set out to do when we first met Guy Kawasaki when we were just an AOL site some 20+ years ago. And so bring on December. You can check out past episodes of Rule Breaker Investing and all The Motley Fool podcasts at our podcast center. Just go to Podcasts.Fool.com. And while you're there, you can check out our subscription services. A new issue of Rule Breakers service comes out with two new stock recommendations from me the last Wednesday of every month. It sounds like right about Mailbag time every month. You can check it out by going to the podcast center, scrolling to the bottom of the page. That's Podcasts.Fool.com. Cheers! As always, people on this program may have interest in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. Learn more about Rule Breaker Investing at RBI.Fool.com. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. David Gardner owns shares of Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Apple. The Motley Fool is short Shake Shack and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Accenture, Adobe Systems, and The New York Times. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author David Gardner (TMFSpiffyPop) Article Info Jan 7, 2017 at 11:11AM Investment Planning Read More Can You Cut $4,500 From Your 2017 Tax Bill? Social Security: Would Trump Veto a Republican Retirement-Age Hike? Which Is Better: Lump Sum Payment vs. Defined Benefit Pension? 4 Smart 401(k) Moves You Can Make in 2017 How Do You Calculate Investment Returns When You Keep Adding Principal? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool David Gardner Welcomes Guy Kawasaki to Rule Breaker Investing #stocks
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 7 AAPL: 117.91 1.30 This week’s top stories: Apple in 2017, Zac’s Apple Watch journey, AirPods & the cord-free competition, CES 2017 & more Jordan Kahn - Jan. 7th 2017 9:29 am PT @JordanKahn CES 2017 Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: Our look at what’s to come from Apple in 2017, reports of an upcoming Apple Watch refresh, new accessories get shown off at CES 2017, and we compare Apple’s AirPods to the competition. We kick things off this week with our look at what’s next from Apple’s product lines including expected updates incoming for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and possibly Apple TV. Ben takes a look at what’s next for Mac specifically and its longer-term future. And Zac shares his journey with Apple Watch including New Year’s resolutions and losing 50 pounds. I take a look at Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition. And some new gadgets announced at CES 2017 for Apple devices grab the remaining spots in this week’s most shared stories. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year 9to5Mac Best of CES 2017 Awards Apple Watch |  Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Report: New Apple Watch coming in third quarter of 2017, main focus on better battery life iPhone | Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? iPhone 8 will dramatically outsell the iPhone 6 due to much larger subscriber base – Nomura Majority of readers who are not buying AirPods claim ‘too expensive,’ here are some affordable alternatives Review: Taking your iPhone 7/7 Plus photography further with Aukey’s Wide-Angle Ora Lens Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared JVC, Pioneer, Clarion, & Kenwood launch new aftermarket CarPlay systems as Alpine intros first wireless Mac | OWC reveals new ‘DEC’ attachment for 2016 MacBook Pro, brings 4TB of storage & additional ports 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for AirBar converts MacBook models to touchscreen for just $99, starting with 13-inch MacBook Air [Video] Dell unveils new 27-inch Ultrathin monitor with USB-C support, coming in March for $700 Apple reveals Chinese New Year promotion offering free pair of Beats Solo3 w/ Mac or iPhone purchase This week’s top videos | Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Happy Hour Podcast  #101 | This week Zac and Benjamin discuss CES 2017, Zac’s Apple Watch journey, iOS 10.3 rumors, and more. Subscribe to get all 9to5Mac’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Clock pictured in top image from 9to5Toys: This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
Apple CEO Tim Cook's pay slumps along with iPhone sales - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS WBXH-TV Hourly Forecast Information Editorials Contact Us NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows Power of 9 9News This Morning WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines SEC Coverage SFN Player of the Week Sportsline Friday Nite Pelicans Headlines Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Apple CEO Tim Cook's pay slumps along with iPhone sales By MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writer SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Apple penalized CEO Tim Cook for the iPhone maker's first sales slump in 15 years with a 15 percent pay cut. Cook still did extremely well, with a compensation package valued at $8.7 million for Apple's fiscal year that ended Sept. 24, according to a regulatory filing made Friday. But the amount was down from nearly $10.3 million in the prior year. The Cupertino, California, company cited a downturn in Apple's revenue and operating profit as the main reason it cut the pay of Cook and its other top executives. Apple's revenue dropped 8 percent to $216 billion, while its operating profit declined 16 percent to $60 billion. That was mainly because it sold fewer iPhones for the first time since the device came out in 2007. It also marked the first time that Apple's annual revenue decreased since 2001, which was just before the company's late co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the iPod. That digital music player set the stage for the iPhone and iPad. The iPhone triggered a revolution in mobile computing and became Apple's biggest moneymaker, even as a wide range of device makers released competing products primarily running on Google's free Android software. Most of the world's smartphones are powered by Android, but the iPhone remains a popular high-priced status symbol. Even so, consumers are holding on to their existing iPhones for longer periods instead of upgrading to a newer model every year or two. That has raised investor concerns that Apple has become too dependent on the iPhone, a nagging worry that has been aggravated by the company's inability to introduce another breakthrough product since Jobs' death in 2011. Cook, Jobs' anointed successor, had hoped Apple would have another huge hit with a smartwatch unveiled in 2014, but that device has only had moderate success. Apple's regulatory filing revealed that the company was bracing for a sales drop last year, although not quite as steep as what occurred. The compensation committee for Apple's board of directors had established a revenue goal of $224 billion for last year, which would have been a 4 percent decline from the previous year. The company expected sales to rebound during the holiday shopping season on hopes that consumers would be snapping up its latest iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus. Apple will release its quarterly results that include the holidays later this month. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Kevin Starr, California's premier historian, dies at 76 Kevin Starr, California's premier historian, dies at 76 Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:16 PM EST2017-01-16 03:16:21 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:16 PM EST2017-01-16 03:16:21 GMT Former California State Librarian Kevin Starr, who is deemed the pre-eminent historian of the Golden State, has died. He was 76.More >> Former California State Librarian Kevin Starr, who is deemed the pre-eminent historian of the Golden State, has died. He was 76.More >> Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he was out of town, police said.More >> A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he was out of town, police said.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Daily Financial Markets Interactive Chart Wrap Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Daily Financial Markets Interactive Chart Wrap Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Search for: iPhone 8 To Feature Wireless Charging, Hints Energous CEO By Vikas Shukla on January 7, 2017 10:59 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip Apple’s 10th-anniversary smartphone, said to be called iPhone 8, would have many exciting new features. And one of them is going to be long-distance wireless charging. Apple’s rumored partner Energous has confirmed that its wireless transmitters will start shipping by the end of this year. In an interview with The Verge, Energous CEO Steve Rizzone said the company’s transmitters would be used in devices from “one of the largest consumer electronics companies in the world.” Image Credit: Energous Corporation / YouTube video (screenshot) Energous technology designed for iPhone 8 Rizzone declined to name the company, but he can “virtually guarantee” that you have this company’s products “on your person, sitting on your desk, or at home.” Energous is the company behind WattUp, a truly wireless charging technology. Most existing wireless charging technologies require users to place the device on a charging pad. But WattUp uses radio frequencies to charge electronic devices from a distance of up to 15 feet. Back in 2015, Energous had promised to start shipping its transmitters that same year. But the company changed its plans after signing a “key strategic partnership.” Under the terms of the deal, Energous had to miniaturize the technology before shipping. Also, the unnamed strategic partner has the right to be the first to ship Energous’ charging technology in its smartphones, tablets, and other devices. Why Apple is the mysterious Energous partner There are several reasons to believe that the unnamed partner is none other than Apple. For instance, last month Energous signed an agreement with Dialog Semiconductor to develop and market hardware components. Dialog is a long-time Apple partner. Under the agreement, Dialog would invest $10 million in Energous to become its exclusive component supplier. In a recent conference call, Energous said “most, if not all” of its early adopters are “existing Dialog customers.” To put things in perspective, Apple alone accounts for more than 70% of Dialog Semiconductor’s revenues. Also, Energous’ SEC filing in March 2014 had disclosed that its products were expected to undergo “Apple compliance testing.” Foxconn testing wireless charging modules for iPhone 8 In late October, supply chain sources told the Nikkei Asian Review that Apple’s largest manufacturing partner Foxconn was testing wireless charging modules for the iPhone 8. It’s worth pointing out that Foxconn and Energous had signed a deal in January 2015 to evaluate the latter’s wireless charging technology. If a smartphone has a built-in WattUp receiver, it would automatically start charging when coming within 15 feet of a WattUp transmitter. Apple ditched the 3.5mm headphone jack on the iPhone 7, forcing users to rely on the Lightning connector for both connecting wired headphones and charging. A truly wireless charging technology would be an appropriate way to let users connect wired headphones while charging their devices. The iPhone 8 is rumored to have an all-glass design to facilitate wireless charging. Apple is also expected to launch two other phones, iPhone 7S and 7S Plus, alongside the iPhone 8 this year. Tags: Apple Dialog Semiconductor Energous iPhone 8 Steve Rizzone WattUp wireless charging Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk The Next Computer Revolution and its Investment Implications Building a Better Path: Seven Things Investors Need to Know for 2017 India Has Beaten the World Since 1997 FutureFuel Would Make A Great Acquisition Copyright © 2016 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team Sponsored Content - Resource Center
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Get This Weekend's Top Amazon Deals While You Can Share Smart Shopping Team filed under: shopping Image credit:  amazon / istock Like us on Facebook As a recurring feature, our team combs the Web and shares some amazing Amazon deals we’ve turned up. Here’s what caught our eye today, January 7. Mental Floss has affiliate relationships with certain retailers, including Amazon, and may receive a small percentage of any sale. But we only get commission on items you buy and don’t return, so we’re only happy if you’re happy. Good luck deal hunting! GADGETS, TOYS, AND MEDIA  Innovo Medical Forehead and Ear Thermometer - Improved Accuracy with Updated In-House Clinical Data and Proprietary Software Upgrade - CE and FDA Approved for $32.99 (list price $114.99) Anker 21W 2-Port USB Universal PowerPort Solar Charger for $59.99 (list price $99.99) BESTEK 6-Outlet Wall Mount Surge Protector with 5.2A 4 USB Charging Station and Phone Charging Dock for $20.99 (list price $35.99) Aukey CC-T8 Car Charger with Dual Quick Charge 3.0 Ports - Black for $16.99 (list price $21.99) Orzly Compact Stand for Apple Watch - Nightstand Mode Compatible - BLACK Support Stand with integrated Cable Management Slot (38mm & 42mm compatible) for $7.99 (list price $24.99) Anker Premium Lightning to USB Cable (3ft) for iPhone 7, 6s Plus, 6 Plus, 5s 5c 5, iPad Air, Air2, Pro, iPad mini,mini2, mini3, mini 4, iPad 4th gen iPod nano 7th gen. and iPod touch 5th gen [Apple MFi Certified] (White) for $5.99 (list price $19.99) AELEC Flexbuds Bluetooth Earbuds,Stereo Wireless Sport Headphones,Over-Ear Noise Cancelling Earphones and Lightweight Sweatproof Headsets with Mic for Running,Workout for $36.99 (list price $159.99) Anker Astro E1 5200mAh Candy bar-Sized Ultra Compact Portable Charger (External Battery Power Bank) with High-Speed Charging PowerIQ Technology (Black) for $15.99 (list price $49.99) Apple Watch Band, Penom Fully Magnetic Closure Clasp Mesh Loop Milanese Stainless Steel Bracelet Strap for Apple iWatch Sport & Edition 42mm - Black for $16.99 (list price $39.99) Encased Sweat-Resistant Workout Armband for iPhone 7 Otterbox Commuter Series Case (case not included) for $16.04 (list price $29.99) amFilm iPhone 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6S, iPhone 6 2016, 2015 (2-Pack) for $7.99 (list price $29.99) Zeskit 12' Premium Audio Cable - 3.5mm, Braided Nylon Stereo Audio Cable (Male to Female) for $9.95 (list price $29.99) iClever Bluetooth Headphones with Silicone Earhook Secure Fit for Running, Exercise, IPX5 Sweat Proof,CVC 6.0 Noise Canceling,7 Hours Playtime with Mic Volume Control for iPhone, Green(G18) for $21.99 (list price $49.99) Citizen Men's BM8240-03E Eco-Drive Stainless Steel Watch with Leather Band for $84.95 (list price $175.00) Aposon Men's Digital Electronic Waterproof LED Sport Watch Casual Quartz Military Multifunction 12H/24H Time Back Light with Simple Design 164FT 50M Water Resistant Calendar Month Date Day -Black for $12.99 (list price $29.99) LEGO Super Heroes Heroes of Justice: Sky High Battle 76046 for $41.99 (list price $59.99) RAVPower 16750mAh 4.5A Dual USB Output Portable Charger External Battery Power Bank (iSmart Technology) - Black for $32.99 (list price $69.99) Toysmith Tech Gear Multi Voice Changer (6.5-Inch Various Colors) for $12.04 (list price $14.99) Energizer 2032BP-4 3 Volt Lithium Coin Battery - Retail Packaging (Pack of 4) for $4.06 (list price $6.49) Waterproof Case, 2 Pack Ace Teah Clear Universal Waterproof Case, Dry Bag, Pouch, Transparent Snowproof Dirtproof for iPhone 6 6S Plus SE 5S 5C, Samsung Galaxy S6 edge, - Blue, Green for $10.99 (list price $21.99) Sinywon Flexible Mini USB LED Light for Laptop Keyboard Power Bank Portable Night Light (3 Pack) for $6.99 (list price $15.59) Travel Inspira Universal All in One Worldwide Travel Power Plug Wall AC Adapter Charger with Dual USB Charging Ports for USA EU UK AUS for $9.99 (list price $29.99) LEGO Super Heroes 76054 Batman: Scarecrow Harvest of Fear Building Kit (563 Piece) for $44.73 (list price $59.99) lgsixe Portable Rechargeable HD/Vox/Sto Stereo Digital Voice Recorder with WAV and Mp3 Modes, 8 GB for $36.00 (list price $50.00) Toysmith Classic Pin Art (Black) for $11.99 (list price $16.99) AUKEY Bluetooth Receiver with 3Port USB Car Charger, Magnetic Base and Handsfree Calling for IPhone, Samsung and More for $22.99 (list price $32.99) Quick Charge 2.0 AUKEY 3-Port USB Wall Charger for $14.99 (list price $18.99) KITCHEN Proctor Silex 66331 Alex's Lemonade Stand Citrus Juicer, 34 oz for $14.29 (list price $24.99) Ninja Express Chop (NJ110GR) for $19.88 (list price $41.99) Epica 4-in-1 Immersion Hand Blender for $46.95 (list price $59.99) Hamilton Beach 33182A Slow Cooker, 8-Quart for $21.76 (list price $31.32) DRAGONN Premium Sturdy 12-inch and 9-inch Stainless-steel Locking Kitchen Tongs, Set of 2 ... for $12.95 (list price $19.99) Norpro 3-Cup Stainless Steel Rotary Hand Crank Flour Sifter With 2 Wire Agitator for $5.96 (list price $9.78) Wilton 415-2179 300 Count Rainbow Bright Standard Baking Cups for $5.48 (list price $7.99) Contigo AUTOSPOUT Addison Reusable Water Bottle, 24oz, Smoke for $7.89 (list price $11.10) Rachael Ray Cucina Pantryware Melamine Garbage Bowl, Agave Blue for $8.99 (list price $39.99) Chef Craft 10210 1-Piece Stainless Steel Solid Turner, 12-1/2-Inch for $3.86 (list price $6.99) Mrs. Anderson's Baking Ceramic Pie Weights for $5.99 (list price $34.44) Lodge L8DOL3 Cast Iron Dutch Oven with Dual Handles, Pre-Seasoned, 5-Quart for $35.97 (list price $41.10) Vintorio Wine Aerator Pourer - Premium Aerating Pourer and Decanter Spout (Black) for $14.95 (list price $40.95) Pyrex Basics Clear Oblong Glass Baking Dishes, 2 Piece Value Plus Pack Set for $14.99 (list price $27.99) Silicone Large Pastry Mat With Measurements. 14.9" x 23.3" Non-Slip Sheet Sticks To Countertop For Rolling Dough for $16.99 (list price $19.99) Mr. Coffee Flintshire Stainless Steel Whistling Tea Kettle, 1.75-Quart for $9.55 (list price $19.99) Cast Iron Shallow Concave Wok, Black - by Utopia Kitchen for $19.99 (list price $49.99) Glide Signs Clean Dirty Dishwasher Magnet Sign - Premium Kitchen Gadgets for Home and Office Organization. Indicator Works on All Dishwashers for $19.99 (list price $24.95) Kitchenatics Commercial Grade 10"x15" Stainless Steel Cooling and Roasting Rack Heavy Duty Thick-Wire Grid Fits Jelly Roll Pan Oven-Safe Rust-Resistant for $15.88 (list price $19.88) As Seen on TV Egg-Tastic Microwave Egg Cooker and Poacher for Fast and Fluffy Eggs, White/Orange for $1.99 (list price $4.99) Farberware Classic Stainless Steel 5/8-Quart Butter Warmer for $9.99 (list price $19.99) VonShef 500ml / 17oz Electric Chocolate Fondue Melting Pot, Warmer, Chocolatier - Includes FREE Spatula, 10 Skewers & 10 Forks for $19.98 (list price $34.99) California Home Goods 3 Compartment Bento Reusable Food Storage Containers with Lids, Set of 10, For Meal Prep, 21 Day Fix for $11.95 (list price $26.95) Grayline 457101, 6 Piece Cabinet organizer Set, White for $16.23 (list price $23.99) Silicone 3 Piece Non Stick Baking Mats with Measurements 2 Half Sheet Liners and 1 Quarter Sheet Mat, Professional Quality, Non Toxic and FDA Approved, Red, Yellow and Green for $17.95 (list price $49.99) Large Amagabeli Stainless Steel XL 8x6 Inch 316L Chainmail Scrubber for Pre Seasoned Cast Iron Pan Dutch Ovens Waffle Iron Cleaner for Highest Grade Skillet Scraper Pans for $11.99 (list price $14.99) JB Chef Culinary Micro Butane Torch | Refillable Cooking Kitchen Blow Torch With Safety Lock & Adjustable Flame for $19.99 (list price $49.99) Contigo AUTOSEAL West Loop Vacuum Insulated Stainless Steel Travel Mug with Easy-Clean Lid, 16oz, Black for $15.99 KitchenAid Wide Basting Brush, Black for $3.16 (list price $7.79) HOME Rubbermaid Small Flexible Storage Bag Tote 5-Gallon, 1802440 for $6.49 (list price $15.11) Queens Size Hypoallergenic Quilted Stretch-to-Fit Mattress Pad By Hanna Kay, 10 Year Warranty-Clyne Collection for $25.95 (list price $35.95) Poo-Pourri Before-You-Go Toilet Spray 4-Ounce Bottle, Original Scent for $12.79 (list price $14.99) Pillar Candle (5.1 x 5.2, Ivory) for $15.99 (list price $27.99) Seville Classics Foldable Storage Cube/Ottoman, Charcoal Grey for $19.99 (list price $24.99) Down Alternative Comforter (White, Queen) - All Season Comforter - Hypoallergenic Plush Siliconized Fiberfill Duvet Insert - Box Stitched- by Utopia Bedding for $29.99 (list price $54.99) LUCID 3-inch Gel Memory Foam Mattress Topper - Queen for $99.99 (list price $139.99) Weight Gurus Bluetooth Smart Connected Body Fat Scale with Large Backlit LCD, by Greater Goods (Black) for $69.99 (list price $99.99) Finether 1500W Freestanding Portable Electric Fireplace Stove Heater with Openable Door, Realistic Flame and Logs, Black for $83.99 (list price $237.89) PURGGO Natural Odor Eliminator - 100% Activated Bamboo Charcoal [Pack of 2] - Air Freshener, Purifier, Smell Absorber: Shoe, Litter Box, Wet Dog, Bag, Drawer - Odor Removal, Neutralizer [Lava Gray] for $10.99 (list price $14.99) Whitmor 6754-3655 Dryer Balls Set of 4 for $16.17 (list price $19.99) Top Rated Epica Stainless Steel Compost Bin 1.3 Gallon-Includes Charcoal Filter for $18.95 (list price $44.95) The Homemakers Dish Kitchen Towels Vintage Striped 100% Cotton Tea Towel 20 x 28 inch Set of 4, Red for $21.99 (list price $35.00) Dirt Devil Vacuum Cleaner Vibe 3-in-1 Corded Bagless Stick and Handheld Vacuum Cleaner SD20020 for $24.49 (list price $34.99) Lasko 1827 Adjustable Elegance and Performance Pedestal Fan, 18-Inch, Black for $35.99 (list price $45.29) Convenience Concepts Northfield Hall Console Table, Espresso for $48.99 (list price $84.00) iTouchless Deodorizer Automatic Sensor Touchless Trash Can, 49 Liter / 13 Gallon, Stainless Steel for $59.98 (list price $99.00) Shark Steam Pocket Mop (S3501) for $52.75 (list price $79.99) Premium Mildew Resistant Shower Curtain - Anti-bacterial 10-Gauge Heavy-Duty Curtain - Waterproof and Water-Repellent - 72x72 Inch - Clear for $11.99 (list price $34.99) Den Haven Standing Coat Rack Hat Hanger Holder Hooks for Jacket Umbrella Tree Stand with Base Metal for $16.95 (list price $39.95) ROOMMATES RMK1677GM Silver Dollar Branch Peel and Stick Giant Wall Decal for $12.59 (list price $20.99) Love Nest Leather Square Roll Paper Box for Holding Kleenex/Tissue Box Cover (smooth black) for $15.99 (list price $24.99) Beme International Decopolitan 1-Inch Urn Telescoping Double Drapery Rod Set, 72 to 144-Inch, Brown for $29.13 (list price $84.99) HC Collection Bed Sheets Set, HOTEL LUXURY 1800 Series Egyptian Quality Platinum Collection Bedding Set, Deep Pockets, Wrinkle & Fade Resistant, Hypoallergenic Sheet & Pillow Case Set (Queen, Multiple Colors Available) for $19.89 (list price $69.99) Yankee Candle Company Sparkling Cinnamon Large Jar Candle for $24.66 (list price $27.99) Wine Enthusiast black steel 25 Bottle Stackable Grid for $41.59 (list price $49.95) Luxury Bath Sheet Towel (White; 35 x 70 Inch) Cotton Extra Large Beach Bath Towels, Machine Washable, Hotel Quality, Super Soft and Highly Absorbent Towels By Utopia Towels for $16.99 (list price $31.99) HEALTH AND BEAUTY Oral-B Glide Pro-Health Comfort Plus Mint Flavor Floss, 40 M (Pack of 2) for $4.95 Majestic Pure Lavender Essential Oil, Therapeutic Grade, 4 fl. Oz for $13.95 (list price $18.50) BS-MALL(TM) Makeup Brushes Premium Makeup Brush Set Synthetic Kabuki Cosmetics Foundation Blending Blush Eyeliner Face Powder Brush Makeup Brush Kit (10pcs, Golden Black) for $9.99 (list price $39.99) Kylie Jenner Limited Birthday Edition Kylie Matte liquid Lipstick Set Cosmetics for $18.33 (list price $40.00) Mother Dirt Biome Friendly Face and Body Cleanser, Preservative Free, 3.4 fl oz for $12.70 (list price $14.95) NPW Cat Crazy Nail Art Stickers, Multicolor for $5.42 (list price $5.92) Matte Styling Cream - Medium-Firm Hold 3OZ - Challenger Blue - Best Hair Product for Short-Medium Length Hair - Professional Hair Head Wax Paste Style Water Soluble with Clean and Subtle Scent for $19.47 (list price $23.47) FHI Brands Platform Tourmaline Ceramic Professional Hair Styling Iron, 1-Inch for $99.99 (list price $125.99) Simoniz ST1075004 Think Pink Hand Soap, 1 gal Bottles per Case (Pack of 4) for $30.20 (list price $37.95) Glass Roller Bottles with Metal Roller Balls Aguder Set of 8 Amber Roll on bottles 10ml(1/3oz) for Aromatherapy, Perfume, Essential Oil and other liquids for $10.16 (list price $11.97) OGX Weightless Hydrating Oil Mist, Nourishing Coconut Oil , 4oz for $5.74 (list price $9.99) Gillette Fusion ProShield Men's Razor Blade Refills, 8 Count for $27.78 (list price $41.99) Just For Men Mustache and Beard Brush-In Color Gel, Light Medium Brown (Pack of 3) for $23.97 (list price $36.99) TheraBreath Dentist Recommended Fresh Breath Oral Rinse - Mild Mint Flavor, 16 Ounce (Pack of 2) for $15.38 (list price $25.19) L'Oreal Paris Superior Preference Fade-Defying Color + Shine System, 6.5G Lightest Golden Brown, 3-Pack (Packaging May Vary) for $20.97 (list price $26.97) Eucerin Sensitive Skin Experts Q10 Anti-Wrinkle Face Creme 1.70 oz for $7.34 (list price $9.40) Gillette Mach3 Men's Razor Blade Refills, 15 Count for $31.49 (list price $39.99) Crest 3D White Whitestrips with Light, 10 ct. for $104.66 (list price $124.95) Fekkai Technician Color Care Conditioner, 16 Fluid Ounce for $24.89 (list price $29.99) theBalm Schwing Liquid Eyeliner, Black for $15.30 (list price $17.00) Women's Rogaine Once-A-Day Foam, Four Month Supply for $37.49 (list price $48.60) OGX Hydrate Plus Repair Argan Oil of Morocco Extra Strength Conditioner, 13 Ounce for $6.79 (list price $8.99) Aromanice Goat Milk Shower Cream,Shea Butter,Daily Nourishing Moisturizing Body Wash,620ML(20.9 Oz) for $30.60 (list price $30.60) TRYM PRO Premium Hair Trimming Set - Grooming Kit with Adjustable Cordless Hair, Mustache, Beard and Body Trimmer Plus 7 Trim Attachments for $32.97 (list price $49.99) ESARORA Makeup Brush Cleaning Mat Set of 2 (Light Purple) for $10.99 (list price $19.99) Anti-Wrinkle Smoothing Serum with HYALURONIC ACID And Peptides - Get Rid Of Wrinkles with Skin Tightening Daily Moisturizer - Dermatologist Anti-Aging Skin Care for Eyes, Face, Forehead - 1 oz for $27.99 (list price $55.00) Gillette Venus Spa Women's Razor with 1 Razor Handle and 2 Razor Blade Refills for $6.83 (list price $12.99) Gillette Venus Swirl Women's Razor Handle with 2 Razor Blade Refills for $10.70 (list price $13.74) Top Double Edge Safety Razor Wet Shave Kit by Shaveology for $29.97 (list price $99.00) Lather & Wood Shaving Soap - Sandalwood - Simply the Best Luxury Shaving Cream - Tallow - Dense Lather with Fantastic Scent for the Worlds Best Wet Shaving Routine. 4.7 oz (Sandalwood) for $18.69 (list price $24.99) TOP TENG® Deluxe Brushed Stainless Steel Sharpest Nail Clippers Set in Gift Box | Fingernail + Toenail Clippers Set | Perfect Nail Cutter for Men & Women - Makes a Great Gift for $8.99 (list price $35.99) Slant Tweezers - TweezerGuru Professional Stainless Steel Slant Tip Tweezer - The Best Precision Eyebrow Tweezers For Your Daily Beauty Routine! for $9.97 (list price $15.00) LuckyFine Blackhead Remover Cleaner Purifying Deep Cleansing Acne Black Mud Face Mask Peel-off(#1) for $5.99 (list price $11.98) Art Naturals Vitamin C Serum 20% w/Hyaluronic Acid & Vit E - Anti Aging & Wrinkle Repairs Dark Circles, Fades Age Spots & Sun Damage - Enhanced Top Vitamin C Super Strength - Organic Ingredients, 1 Oz for $9.95 (list price $24.95) Cremo Original Shave Cream, Astonishingly Superior Shaving Cream for Men, 6 Fluid Ounce for $4.99 (list price $9.99) Neutrogena T/Gel Therapeutic Shampoo Original Formula, 16 Fl. Oz for $12.41 (list price $16.39) Amara Organics Aloe Vera Gel from Organic Cold Pressed Aloe, 8 fl. oz. for $15.95 (list price $24.99) Tom's of Maine Anticavity Fluoride Children's Toothpaste, Silly Strawberry, 4.2 Ounce, 3 Count for $7.68 (list price $11.97) OFFICE, SCHOOL, AND CRAFTS Case-it King Sized Zip Tab 4-Inch D-Ring Zipper Binder with 5-Tab File Folder, Black, D-186-BLK for $17.00 (list price $27.42) AT-A-GLANCE Daily Desk Calendar 2017 Refill, January - December, 3-1/2 x 6" (E71750) for $4.35 (list price $6.79) Officemate Super 2-Way Sorter, Recycled, Black (26252) for $9.72 (list price $18.79) Paper Mate Point Guard Flair Porous Point Stick Pen, Assorted Colors, Medium, 16-Count for $12.76 (list price $14.92) Rubbermaid Commercial Vented Slim Jim Trash Can, 23 Gallon, Black, FG354060BLA for $29.99 (list price $37.48) Fellowes AutoMax 130C 130-Sheet Cross-Cut Auto Feed Shredder, for Hands-Free Shredding (4680001) for $229.99 (list price $274.99) Stained by Sharpie Brush Tip Fabric Markers, 4 Colored Markers (1779004) for $6.26 (list price $7.43) Water Brush Pen, Self-moistening, Portable, (Assorted Tips, Set of 4) for $12.99 (list price $17.99) Cedar Markers Liquid Chalk Markers - 12 Pack With Free 40 Chalkboard Labels - Amazing Neon Color Pens Including Gold And Silver Ink. Reversible Bullet And Chisel Tip And A Brand New Revolutionary Cap. for $17.99 (list price $35.99) Moleskine Classic Notebook, Large, Squared, Black, Hard Cover (5 x 8.25) (Classic Notebooks) for $14.99 (list price $19.95) BAZIC Assorted Dimensions 227g/0.5 lbs. Rubber Bands, Multi Color for $4.87 (list price $6.99) Sharpie Black Brush Tip Permanent Markers set of 12 for $10.63 (list price $27.24) Prismacolor Premier Water-Soluble Colored Pencils, 36-Count for $27.69 (list price $59.99) Paper Mate InkJoy 100RT Retractable Ballpoint Pens, Medium Point, Black, 20 Count for $6.34 (list price $10.64) BIC Velocity Retractable Ballpoint Pen, Refillable, Medium Point (1.0 mm), Black, 12-Count for $9.35 (list price $11.37) Sharpie Permanent Markers, Brush Tip, Assorted, 12 Pack for $10.09 (list price $11.87) Bankers Box Stor/File Medium-Duty Storage Boxes with Lift-Off Lid, Letter/Legal, 20 Pack (0076315) for $39.95 (list price $49.99) Shuter Accordion Expanding File Folder, 13-Pockets, A4 Size, Handle and Tabs, Buckle Closure (Green) for $11.00 (list price $13.99) Stabilo 88 25-color Wallet Set for $14.25 (list price $23.75) Five Star Spiral Notebook, 5 Subject, College Ruled, 200 Sheets, Black and Cobalt Blue, 2 PACK (73035) for $11.99 (list price $26.20) Acco Brands Binder Clips, Medium, 12 per Box, 2 Boxes (A7072050) for $5.52 (list price $9.64) Sharpie Black Brush Tip Permanent Markers set of 12 for $10.63 (list price $27.24) OUTDOORS, GARDEN, AND SPORTS Outlite A100 Portable Ultra Bright LED Handheld Flashlight with Adjustable Focus and 5 Light Modes for $13.99 (list price $49.99) Leberna TM Disposable Poncho One Size Fit All with Attached Hood 20 Per Pack Assorted Color for $19.99 (list price $23.99) Asamoom Reflective Stripe 60 MPH Windproof Umbrella, Double Canopy Auto Open Close Waterproof 300T Fabric Compact Travel Automatic Folding Umbrellas for $16.55 (list price $69.98) Bolle Mojo Snow Goggles (Shiny Black, Vermillon) for $15.44 (list price $30.00) Gorilla Carts Steel Utility Cart with Removable Sides with a Capacity of 800 lb, Red for $88.99 (list price $119.99) TETON Sports ComfortLite Self Inflating Seat Cushion Self Inflatable; Free Storage Bag Included for $16.00 (list price $24.84) Portable LED Lantern Collapsible, TaoTronics Camping Lantern Battery Operated Camp Light for Fishing, Hiking, Emergency and Outdoor Adventures for $7.99 Spalding NBA Street Basketball - Official Size 7 (29.5") for $11.99 (list price $17.99) Kershaw 1990 Brawler Speedsafe Folding Knife for $21.97 (list price $39.95) Camelbak 2016 Rogue Hydration Pack, Black, 70-Ounce for $41.26 (list price $70.00) Pratico All-Purpose Outdoor Blanket, Stadium Blanket, & Picnic Blanket - Large 58 x 84 Inches Grey for $41.00 (list price $89.99) Premium Mosquito Net for Double Bed by EVEN Naturals | Full Hanging Kit, Gift Bag & eBook | Circular Screen Netting Canopy Curtains | Insect Protection Repellent for $18.97 (list price $45.00) Mr Bar B Q 05012X Apple Wood Chips for $6.49 (list price $9.14) Revolutionary 932°F Extreme Heat Resistant EN407 Certified Gloves - Thick but Light-Weight & Flexible, 2 Gloves for $27.97 (list price $49.97) Bicycle Hamburger Bell for $12.95  Coleman 42 Can Removable Liner Cooler for $39.61 (list price $49.99) Aerobie Skylighter Disc - Single Unit (Colors May Vary) for $11.95 (list price $14.99) High Sierra Swerve Backpack, True Navy/Mercury for $34.99 (list price $49.99) Bamboo Working Gloves for Women & Men. Ultimate Barehand Sensitivity Work Glove for Gardening, Fishing, Clamming, Restoration Work & More. Breathable by Nature! - Small for $12.97 (list price $14.85) Grill Daddy Pro Grill Brush - Cleans BBQ Easily with the Power of Steam without Harmful Chemical Solutions - For Use on All Stainless Steel, Iron & Porcelain Barbecue Grates for $17.99 (list price $24.99) ELECTRONICS Bose SoundTrue around-ear headphones II - Apple devices, Charcoal for $99.00 (list price $179.95) YI Dome Camera Pan/Tilt/Zoom Wireless IP Security Surveillance System 720p HD Night Vision (US Edition) for $49.00 (list price $69.99) Cable Matters 6-Outlet Wall Mount Surge Protector with 2.4A Dual USB Charging (Updated Version with Dimmed LED Light) for $13.99 (list price $25.99) iLive HT050B 5.1 Channel Home Theater Speaker System (Black) for $49.30 (list price $59.99) Ausdom Webcam HD 2016 New 1080P Web Cam with Built-in Noise-canceling Microphone for $26.99 (list price $35.99) Floureon BM-800 Condenser Studio Recording Microphone and Shock Mount Holder Blue for $28.32 (list price $109.99) WD 4TB Black My Passport  Portable External Hard Drive - USB 3.0 - WDBYFT0040BBK-WESN for $118.53 (list price $159.99) 1byone Belt-Drive 3-Speed Stereo Turntable with Built in Speakers, Supports Vinyl to MP3 Recording, USB MP3 Playback, and RCA Output, Natural Wood for $59.99 (list price $79.99) ZEALOT S6 Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speakers Power Bank with Built-in 5200mAh Battery,IP65 Waterproof&Dustproof,Dual Drivers&Subwoofer,Aux Audio/TF Card Supported for $35.99 (list price $99.99) Acer Chromebook 15 CB5-571-C1DZ (15.6-Inch Full HD IPS, 4GB RAM, 16GB SSD) for $249.00 (list price $299.99) HP Pavilion 22cwa 21.5-inch IPS LED Backlit Monitor for $99.99 (list price $119.99) NETGEAR AC1750 Smart WiFi Router Dual Core 800MHz Processor - Router Only (R6400-100NAS) for $109.99 (list price $129.99) Edimax EW-7811Un 150Mbps 11n Wi-Fi USB Adapter, Nano Size Lets You Plug it and Forget it, Ideal for Raspberry Pi / Pi2, Supports Windows, Mac OS, Linux (Black/Gold) for $7.99 (list price $14.99) PNY Attache USB 2.0 Flash Drive, 64GB/ BLACK (P-FD64GATT03-GE) for $11.99 (list price $14.99) Anker Ergonomic Optical USB Wired Vertical Mouse 1000/1600 DPI, 5 Buttons CE100 for $13.99 (list price $39.99) TOOLS   GLAREE E03 Keychain Flashlight, CREE LED 150 Lumens Mini Torch AAA Battery EDC Pocket Penlight Portable Emergency Light for $9.95 (list price $25.95) Kidde KL-2S Two-Story Fire Escape Ladder with Anti-Slip Rungs, 13-Foot for $34.55 (list price $65.99) BOYON Portable Clamp on Touch LED Desk Lamp LED Reading Lamp - Computer Keyboard Partner - Brightness Adjusted Minimalist Style Usb-powered for $13.50 (list price $29.00) DEWALT DWST17806 TSTAK VI Deep Box for $22.99 (list price $44.90) Sminiker Portable Survival Aircraft Aluminum Defender Tactical Pen with Glassbreaker, Writing, Self Defense (Black) for $13.99 (list price $32.99) Hausbell 7W Ultra Bright Mini LED Flashlight Tactical Flashlight (2 Pack) for $6.99 (list price $10.99) Dewalt DCD771C2 20V MAX Cordless Lithium-Ion 1/2 inch Compact Drill Driver Kit for $99.00 (list price $169.00) DEWALT DW1354 14-Piece Titanium Drill Bit Set for $15.98 (list price $17.99) Oxyled t-01 Diy Stick-On Anywhere 4-Led Touch Tap Light Push Light, Led Night Light for $14.99 (list price $19.99) Etekcity Wireless Remote Control Electrical Outlet Switch for Household Appliances, White (Learning Code, 5Rx-2Tx) for $29.98 (list price $49.98)   DEWALT DWE6423K Variable Speed Random Orbit Sander, 5" for $79.00 (list price $89.00) Solar Motion Light, SCODE14 LEDS Induction Lights - Dual Head Adjustable High Output Spotlight - Waterproof Wall Light for Porch Patio Garden for $24.90 (list price $43.45)   Solar Lights, Lemontec Garden Waterproof Wireless Security Bright Motion Sensor Solar Spotlight Lights For Outdoor Wall Yard Deck, Wall Light Security Night Lights for $15.99 (list price $29.99) Revolver Drill Brush - Power Scrubbing Drill Attachment - Multi-Purpose Cleaning Tool for $17.99 (list price $18.99) AstroAI Digital Multimeter with Ohm Volt Amp and Diode Test for $12.99 (list price $27.99) Flip-N-Lite 300-Pound Duty Rating 6-foot Stepladder with Platform for $92.60 (list price $119.98) Presa Premium Paint Brushes Set, 5 Piece for $9.99 (list price $14.99) Hillman Fastener Corp 130251 Picture Hanger Assortment Kit for $8.92 (list price $9.99) More from mental_floss...  12 Terrible Pieces of Advice for Pregnant Women  10 of History's Most Power-Hungry Cats  17 Overly Optimistic Book Titles  15 Things You Didn't Know About DuckTales January 7, 2017 - 11:00am Share . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss This Phishing Scam Is Targeting Gmail Accounts by Posing as Your Contacts 10 Hotel Secrets from Behind the Front Desk A Simple Trick for Defrosting Your Windshield in Less Than 60 Seconds POPULAR ON mental_floss Layla in Real Life: 10 Songs Written About Pattie Boyd 5 Things That Make English Difficult for Foreigners to Learn Why Are Social Security Cards So Flimsy? POPULAR ON mental_floss Answer These 30 General Knowledge Questions 11 'Golden Girls' References Explained for Younger Viewers 10 Facts About Benedict Arnold POPULAR ON mental_floss 16 Regal Facts About 'Three's Company' 15 Happy Facts About 'Mad About You' 7 Books That Will (Probably) Never Be Printed Again POPULAR ON mental_floss 15 Amazing Things Aluminum Foil Can Do Watch How Zero Became a Number Name the Book Titles Without Vowels or Spaces POPULAR ON mental_floss 15 Things You Didn’t Know About Dr. Bronner And His Magic Soap All the U.S. Military Vehicles Fit to Print in One Poster Why Don’t Royals Use a Last Name? NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple will open its first South Korean retail store Adam Westlake - Jan 7, 2017 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple is striking back at Samsung by officially entering its homeland. The iPhone maker has confirmed that it will be opening its first retail store in South Korea, with the location even said to be near Samsung’s headquarters in the city of Seoul. “We’re excited about opening our first Apple Store in Korea, one of the world’s economic centers and a leader in telecommunication and technology, with a vibrant K-culture,” the company said in a statement. The exact location of the store and its scheduled opening weren’t revealed, however Apple is already hiring with job listings on their website including Genius bar and store leader positions. So if you’ve ever wanted to sell iPhones and MacBooks in South Korea, now’s your chance! With one of the largest economies in Asia, it’s hard to believe Apple doesn’t already have a retail presence in South Korea, but it’s also a sign of just how well Samsung has dominated its home turf. Before this, Apple users in the country have had to get by with just two certified resellers. Or, you know, just buy online. According to Korea’s own Yonhap News Agency, construction for the store has already begun in the up-scale Gangnam district of Seoul. The 6,000-square-foot location is said to be made up of three floors, with two below ground level, and should be completed by the end of November. SOURCE Reuters Story Timeline Apple's 5K display of choice starts shipping as USB-C discount extended Apple Watch could slim down with this interesting new patent Apple working with Consumer Reports on MacBook Pro battery test Apple removes Withings from online store over Nokia patent row Apple's first ever AI paper is on how to train your AI Tags AppleApple StoreBusinessretail Must Read Bits & Bytes SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion, deploying satellites & landing successfully Nintendo Switch online service: monthly games not really ‘free,’ smartphone-based multiplayer chat Here’s every Nintendo Switch game trailer released so far Andy Rubin created Android: now he’s making the “Essential” smartphone Nintendo Switch: Everything you really need to know Latest Headlines LG G6 promised not to explode Jan 15, 2017 More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Jan 15, 2017 Apple debuts AirPods ads highlighting Siri and pairing Jan 15, 2017 Amazon seeks FCC permission for secret wireless testing Jan 15, 2017 Chinese app stores ordered to register with government Jan 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu FINAL TALLY The product that stole the show at CES 2017 didn’t even have a booth Written by Dave Gershgorn & Mike Murphy January 07, 2017 Your Quartz guide to the winners of CES. (AP Photo/John Locher) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn & Mike Murphy January 07, 2017 As Quartz’s time at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas comes to a close, we have rounded up CES’s best phones, TVs, concept cars, and miscellany. Rather than being focused on breakout gadgets, this year was especially homogenous, dominated by similar products competing in a few categories: We saw droves of autonomous, electric concept cars, variations on the smart speaker, and half-baked home robots. The best gadgets, listed below, were chosen because they actually managed to differentiate themselves from the herd, or seemed like real, viable products amidst a field of prototypes. Grand winner: Amazon Alexa #Ford and @Amazon are working together to connect #AmazonEcho with your car. Find out what you can do. #Alexa https://t.co/eS4jTF7fMH — Ford Motor Company (@Ford) January 5, 2017 Even though Amazon wasn’t showing off Alexa at its own booth, the digital personal assistant stole the show as the most widely integrated technology: It was hooked up with smart speakers, refrigerators, lamps, robots, cars, and the list goes on. There’s no reason for Amazon to be mad at other companies tapping into Alexa’s virtual brain. More people using the service means more data for Amazon, and as one of Alexa’s chief skills is ordering items from the commerce site, it probably means more sales, too. (These integrations also garner valuable press for Alexa, such as this article.) At the end of the day, the more people who see the worth of employing its services as a virtual assistant, the more robust the service becomes for users. It’s also worth noting the only company that had dominated CES to this extent without actually attending has traditionally been Apple. In previous years, phones were measured against the iPhone’s often-imitated design, apps and peripherals were judged based on their compatibility with the App Store, and any device that was accepted for sale at Apple’s gleaming aluminum temples proudly displayed their status as an Apple Store product. This year, the Alexa logo was displayed with that same pride. Phone: ZTE Axon 7 Max Dave and I left these 3D pics on the @ZTE_USA Axon 7 Max phones at their booth… sorry about that #CES2017 #QZatCES pic.twitter.com/RRpeG1GKt6 — Mike Murphy (@mcwm) January 7, 2017 In 2017, it’s really, really difficult to innovate in smartphones. Regardless of the manufacturer, they’re all pocket supercomputers with amazing cameras and features. That’s why the ZTE Axon 7 Max was so interesting. It has something few other smartphones have—two rear-facing stereoscopic cameras—and something no others have: the ability to take 3D photos. Tap into the camera, click on the 3D-photo function, and you can create something that looks akin to a hologram, with actual depth and definition between objects in the images. As fun as ZTE’s 3D photos are though, until there’s a critical mass of people with access to the technology, it may well remain a niche gimmick. (It’s also worth noting that most major manufacturers are saving their best phones for later in 2017.) Honorable mention: The Kodak Ektra. This is not a digital camera, it's an Android smartphone from @kodak ! (and also a digital camera obv)#CES2017 #QZatCES pic.twitter.com/Y14JOBnQDl — Mike Murphy (@mcwm) January 6, 2017 Kodak’s latest device looks and feels more like a vintage camera than a smartphone. In addition to the normal features found on modern smartphones, the Ektra has a massive 21-megapixel camera strapped to the back and comes with a carry case that harkens back to old-school camera cases. Hipsters will love it. Robot: Mayfield Robotics’ Kuri The Kuri from @MayfieldRobot might be the most adorable robot that you’d actually want at home#CES2017 #QZatCEShttps://t.co/K2TImTlk0U pic.twitter.com/VxEuXfvRyn — Mike Murphy (@mcwm) January 4, 2017 CES was teeming with robots of all shapes and sizes this year, though few of them seemed particularly useful, and many of them just didn’t seem to work. But one robot stood out to us: Kuri, from startup Mayfield Robotics. The company is backed by Bosch, one of the largest technology conglomerates in the world (and renowned roboticists in their own right). Mayfield aims to be the first company to build a robot that people welcome into their homes as they would a pet. Kuri can do some of the things that smart-home hubs like the Amazon Echo or Google Home are equipped for, like play music and audiobooks from a built-in speaker, but it can also be used to patrol your home and use computer vision to check up on pets, see when the kids arrive home from school, or determine if unwanted guests have dropped in. Kuri’s animations and personality were designed by a former Pixar animator, and the robots really feel as if they have agency and presence: They look around, get antsy, are inquisitive, are happy to see people, and respond to your stimuli. Although Kuri will only cost $700 when it’s released in December, it’s not entirely clear if we need to invite these sorts of bots into our homes when Alexa and Siri are already doing these serviceable jobs. But compared with all the other offerings at CES, Kuri actually seemed to be happy to work for us humans. Television: Samsung Lifestyle TV . @samsung are the talk of CES 2017 with their "Lifestyle TV" #innovation https://t.co/iXpJMXUkxf pic.twitter.com/te88H9byZy — Undercurrent UK (@UNDERCURRENTuk) January 5, 2017 The best tech disappears into the user’s life, summoned only when needed. Samsung took that design philosophy to heart with the Lifestyle TV, a picture-frame-shaped television that never turns off. Instead, when it’s not being used for its primary purpose, the monitor displays images, such as digital recreations of paintings, family photos, or professional photography. Plus, maybe a TV that masquerades as art when it’s not in use might help with that New Year’s resolution to watch less tube. Concept Car: Toyota Concept-i Watch Toyota's electric concept car spin and unfold at #CES2017 #QZatCES pic.twitter.com/VT97VYnL4O — Dave Gershgorn (@davegershgorn) January 7, 2017 Looking rather like a Prius from 20 years in the future, the Concept-i is an extremely stylish sedan with gullwing doors and glass paneling in very strange places. But the real craziness in this car is on the inside: It comes equipped with an AI driver called Yui that learns your moods and responds accordingly, and is represented as a pulsing beam of light that appears all over the car. According to Popular Mechanics, Yui can also talk to drivers to help them stay attentive while driving manually. The car is just a concept, meaning we’re not likely to see any production vehicle on the road any time soon, but it’s a pretty radical representation of where one of the largest automakers in the world sees the design and use of cars heading toward. Honorable mention: Mercedes Vision Van The future of mailmen is drones being shot off with your packages from @MercedesBenz vans #CES2017 #QZatCEShttps://t.co/mugJYa2inE pic.twitter.com/Wh5QosBULL — Mike Murphy (@mcwm) January 6, 2017 This bizarre concept van combines a delivery truck, a robot-sorting device, and drones to become the future of short-range delivery. And, for some reason, you use a joystick to drive it. Laptop: HP Spectre x360 (2017) Indulge in hours of your favorite entertainment, elegantly. Meet the all-new Spectre x360: https://t.co/TbFMgSS4LP pic.twitter.com/TRR6sD4EXp — HP (@HP) January 3, 2017 It’s not a new design, but HP’s new Spectre is a win purely on principle: It’s not a sin to make a device thicker for better functionality. HP says the sub-millimeter addition to the laptop’s height allowed a 23% larger battery. Most “CES” product: Graalphone Introducing the Graalphone, a 4-1 monstrosity: Windows phone, Android tablet, Android phone, digital camera. #CES2017 #QZatCES pic.twitter.com/9WGNNiprL8 — Dave Gershgorn (@davegershgorn) January 7, 2017 Is it a mobile Windows PC? Is it an Android tablet? Is it an Android smartphone? No, it’s Graalphone! Okay, actually, it’s none of those things yet—because Graalphone is only a non-working mock-up. The 4-in-1 PC/tablet/phone/digital camera is highly unlikely to become a real product, despite the confidence of boothside PR reps. Why would it have two operating systems? Why does a phone slide out the middle? Why have such a weird optical zoom? Why doesn’t the screen stay up in desktop mode? Who wants to type on a 5-inch physical keyboard? So many questions that will never be answered. Long live the Graalphone—at least its spirit. Seen and heard Most obtuse descriptor: “A multi-layer multi-technology contingency system.” — Nick Sampson, SVP at Faraday Future, during a presentation Most mocked tech product: A smart hairbrush by Withings Amount gambled by Quartz reporters/money won by Quartz reporters: $1/-$0.87 Casinos visited by Quartz reporters: 9 Combined distance walked by Quartz reporters over three days: 51.7 miles Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Please create an account to participate in the Slashdot moderation system   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! No Flash necessary and runs on all devices. × 88399495 story Apple's Share of PC Users Drops To A Five-Year Low (infoworld.com) 227 Posted by EditorDavid on Saturday January 07, 2017 @10:34AM from the falling-Apples dept. Windows 10 is installed on 24.5% of devices -- but that's only half the story. "Apple's Mac share of personal computers worldwide fell to a five-year low in December," reports Computerworld, adding that Linux and Windows "both benefited, with increases of around a half percentage point during 2016." An anonymous reader quotes their report: According to web analytics vendor Net Applications, Apple's desktop and notebook operating system -- formerly OS X, now macOS -- powered just 6.1% of all personal computers last month, down from 7% a year ago and a peak of 9.6% as recently as April 2016... The Mac's 6.1% user share in December was the lowest mark recorded by Net Applications since August 2011, more than five years ago... In October, the company reported sales of 4.9 million Macs for the September quarter, a 14% year-over-year decline and the fourth straight quarterly downturn. Apple's sales slide during the past 12 months has been steeper than for the personal computer industry as a whole, according to industry researchers from IDC and Gartner, a 180-degree shift from the prior 30 or so quarters, when the Mac's growth rate repeatedly beat the business average. Apple's success through 2016 was "fueled by Microsoft's stumbles with Windows 8 and a race-to-the-bottom mentality among rival OEMs," according to the article, which also notes that the user share for Linux exceeded 2% in June, and reached 2.3% by November. apple mac business ← Related Links → Hackers Unlock NES Classic, Upload New Games Via USB Cable Windows 10 Gains 14% Desktop Market Share in 2016, Edge Continues to Struggle Silicon Valley Veteran On Apple: Company Has Become Sloppy, Missed Updates, Delayed Refreshes Apple App Store Developers Earned $20 Billion in 2016, Up 40 Percent Year Over Year Apple Cuts Tim Cook's Pay After 2016 Performance Falls Short Linux.com Announces The Best Linux Distros for 2017 Apple's Share of PC Users Drops To A Five-Year Low More | Reply Login Apple's Share of PC Users Drops To A Five-Year Low Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 227 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Apple is no longer a computer company (Score:5, Insightful) by UPZ ( 947916 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @10:46AM (#53623383) Saying as a user of iPhone, new MacBook Pro, iPad, TimeCapsule and AppleTV, that apple is no longer a computer company. They are an iPhone company. They no longer make advances in anything else but iPhones. As my current hardware slowly dies, I'll be replacing everything listed above with better quality hardware made by other companies. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Apple is no longer a computer company (Score:5, Interesting) by aliquis ( 678370 ) writes: <dospam@gmail.com> on Saturday January 07, 2017 @10:56AM (#53623429) Homepage And Valve is no longer a game developer. They are a gambling site and games retailer. Both succeed in their attempts to gain more money =P Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by MeanE ( 469971 ) writes: I only wish Vale would finish Half life 2 (the forever waiting Ep 3). I don't care if they never make another game after that. Steam is an excellent game store/launcher and I feel disappointed if a game I want is not steamworks....as competing services are noticeably worse. Re: (Score:2, Informative) by Joce640k ( 829181 ) writes: Saying as a user of iPhone, new MacBook Pro, iPad, TimeCapsule and AppleTV, that apple is no longer a computer company. Go to an educational institution sometime. Out of every 100 laptops on display 99 will be MacBooks. (I don't know why - you can also get thin/small Windows laptops if you're prepared to pay Mac prices for one). Re: (Score:2) by Falos ( 2905315 ) writes: K12s often liked the increased homogeneity (even when the same model isn't the same model), they tend to be more resilient, Apple used to be quite education-friendly ages ago, sheer incumbent govt inertia, etc Less of their gear in mid/hi schools, where instead of Math With Animals you need software for beginner's coding robots CAD autoshop animation etcetera. And much less true after 2014, when chromebooks starting getting hype. Lots of curriculum is now a cloud website, not software, and it's been a g Re: Apple is no longer a computer company (Score:2) by Trailer Trash ( 60756 ) writes: They're making advances in iPhones? I'd be interested to hear more about this. Re: (Score:2) by unixisc ( 2429386 ) writes: Saying as a user of iPhone, new MacBook Pro, iPad, TimeCapsule and AppleTV, that apple is no longer a computer company. They are an iPhone company. They no longer make advances in anything else but iPhones. As my current hardware slowly dies, I'll be replacing everything listed above with better quality hardware made by other companies. This sounds so true. I went to an Apple Store in Reston, recently, to get something for my iPad, and they told me they only sell iPhone accessories, not iPad accessories (even though one can still buy iPads) I bought an iPhone 7 recently, but only b'cos I was upgrading from a 5s: had I possessed a 6, let alone a 6s, I wouldn't have bothered. Apparently, the camera in 7 is better, but not much else Apple should outsource to HP and Lenovo (Score:4, Insightful) by emil ( 695 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @12:44PM (#53623965) Seriously, it would make just about everybody happy. The designs must use aluminium cases, and they must be approved by Apple before manufacture. The Apple logo will be on the cover, and the manufacturer's logo will be over the keyboard. PCs are no longer Apple's core competence, and they should make moves to divest the function. Problem solved. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Apple is no longer a computer company (Score:4, Insightful) by mwvdlee ( 775178 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @01:17PM (#53624165) Homepage They never were a computer company (atleast not since their "rebirth"). They're a fashion company and they failed to make enough changes to remain fashionable. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Apple is no longer a computer company (Score:5, Informative) by David_Hart ( 1184661 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @03:05PM (#53624661) They never were a computer company (atleast not since their "rebirth"). They're a fashion company and they failed to make enough changes to remain fashionable. Do you really believe that, or are you just regurgitating hater credo? Woz and Jobs fucking CREATED the individual computer movement. Microsoft created Word for Mac, not for DOS. Jesus, learn your history. Really? So the Commodore Pet (1977) doesn't count as a personal computer? Also, there was this thing called Wordperfect (1980) that came before Word (1983)... The only reason why Microsoft developed for the Mac first is that they saw a market where WordPerfect didn't have a foothold (i.e. ease of entry). If you think that Woz and Jobs created the personal computer then you are seriously misinformed. There were a large number of other computer designs being developed and the Apple was no where near the most popular or most advanced. I think that you need to read a few more history books yourself. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Dahamma ( 304068 ) writes: The PET shipped a few hundred units by the end of '77 after launching in October. The Apple II shipped in June, and had sold twice as many by the end of the year, and by the early 80's had destroyed the PET's market share and basically matched the TRS-80 (of course at a much higher cost and profit margin for Apple). The PET's only claim is that they announced and demo'ed it a couple months before the Apple II. But as anyone in the tech industry knows, demos are a dime a dozen, shipping (and shipping big) Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: Yes, I don't know if it's Tim Cock, Phil Schiller or Johny Ive to blame, but due to recent years total ignorance towards the mac, I finally switched from Mac to PC (Linux) for the first time since 1993. The design aspect has gone totally to their head, the macbook pro used to be not only good looking, but on of the best portables on the market, the recent incarnation is a overpriced joke. The mac desktops used to be good albeit quite expensive, it's just crap today. Either you got the mac pro which is outdate Re:Apple is no longer a computer company (Score:4, Insightful) by mlts ( 1038732 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @07:23PM (#53625657) iPhone, check. MBP, check. iPad, check. iPod Touch, check. Time Capsule, check. The Time Capsule's functionality hasn't really been added to. Yes, Apple does update the firmware every so often, but fundamentally, the device hasn't seen any fundamental improvements. Even an el cheapo 1 drive NAS like a Synology DS115 gets significant new stuff every so often. The "old" Apple would have had a Time Capsule automatically copy data to a cloud provider (be it iCloud or another), and if a Mac needed a restore, it would first try to hit the TC, then would redirect to where the cloud data is stored. Apple could make some money in selling multi-drive Time Capsules with built in RAID and the ability to back themselves up to the cloud (client-side encrypted, with a Secure Enclave built into the NAS) for peace of mind. People would pay a premium for a dual-drive TC with RAID 1, a good filesystem, encryption, backups to iCloud, and the ability to install a new Mac from the LAN. However, Apple seems uninterested in this market segment. The MBP? A Dell XPS 13 is a better MBP than a 2016 13" MBP on the hardware front. The software front, it is obvious that macOS has the hind teat when it comes to improvements. Windows is winding up ahead of macOS just because Apple hasn't done anything to keep it going. While Apple might offer one or two new doodads, Microsoft adds functionality almost anywhere. The WSL is a nice thing, for example. Plus, Microsoft keeps upping its game on security. The Edge browser is supposedly going to be placed in its own Hyper-V VM, completely separating it from the OS. On the virtualization front, W10 comes with Hyper-V, while Apple has absolutely nada for this. The most significant thing in macOS is APFS... but that is mainly so iOS has better encryption, as opposed to be something designed for Macs only. I would hate to have a desktop Mac. The Mac Mini hasn't been touched in years, and the last refresh was a four core to two core downgrade. The Mac Pro, Apple's flagship machine? Will it be five years before it sees a refresh? For a flagship machine, Apple should rebrand the canister Mac Pro as a high end desktop box, and make a true E-7 Xeon Mac Pro in the traditional tower case with closed loop water cooling. The iPod Touch gets some items, every so often. Because of that, it does work well as an emergency authentication device, because apps work on it, although the platform is definitely not as popular as it used to be. However, with some work, it isn't dead yet. Apple could pitch it as a method of recovering access to websites and such should one lose their phone, especially with 2FA protected by a Secure Enclave chip. The iPhone and the iPad are the only two items that are "blessed" by Apple, and it is pretty obvious that they have this status. They are the only devices that get significant new functionality every year, and have a constant refresh cycle. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Joce640k ( 829181 ) writes: Apple Inc. does not even innovate with the Apple iPhone products. On the desktop and notebook front Apple Inc. has not refreshed their hardware in years nor have they made a compelling case as to why someone should buy their desktop and notebook computers in 2017. Obviously they don't need to change anything - people are happy as-is. Re:crap versus quality (Score:4, Insightful) by feepness ( 543479 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @12:41PM (#53623943) Homepage > it depends on how you count. I'd count what people use. Isn't that exactly what they were counting and found declined? Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Dahamma ( 304068 ) writes: No, they claimed the *market share* of the *OS* declined, not the *use* of the *HW platform*. While I'm guessing their overall use of the HW platform may have declined - anecdotally a LOT of people I know switched to Macbook Pros over the past ~5 years (myself included), but who feel the latest MBP was utterly underwhelming (myself included) - the study measured OS market share. Market share can go down even when overall usage goes *up*, of course. I use OSX/MacOS, Windows 10, and Linux on my MBP. Honestly Re: (Score:2) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: Premise one: People lose/break headphones at a rate of 1 set every two years. Premise two: they see how expensive replacements or a a dongle is and go "fuck that shit". The audio jack was removed from the iPhone, which doesn't run MacOS. Re:Apple is no longer a computer company (Score:5, Insightful) by Dahamma ( 304068 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @03:54PM (#53624859) Omitting the fucking ESC key for one. Requiring expensive adaptors to connect pretty much anything is another. Or how about the fact that after 4 years it's barely faster in many benchmarks, or that they utterly rape you if you want to opt to increase the non-upgradable-flash-SSD-storage. Or that their touted battery life increases have not only not been borne out in practice, but people are having issues with the battery lasting 1/2 as long as before. Or that after all of that lack of innovation, they haven't even made it cheaper. I have a 2012 MBP, and there wasn't any serious competition to it back then (even as a Windows laptop using Parallels). But after 4 years this is all they could do, and not even drop the price? It's a joke! Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Apple Abandoned Me (Score:3, Informative) by ThatNakedGuy ( 4750397 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @10:54AM (#53623413) Apple is no longer interested in my business. I use an old 15" MBP and it does everything I want, and has almost every port I need. The new MBP's simply suck in comparison. A "touch bar"??? Hey, Apple, I got something you can touch, and it isnt my money. Dongles? I use one dongle now. With the new MBP I'd need a dongle for everything. When Apple makes a MBP that is upgradable and has the ports that people need now and has noticeably better performance, I'll consider it. Windows is starting to look better and better. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: Tim Cook is more interested in making statements than making good products. Re: (Score:2) by Camembert ( 2891457 ) writes: I hear you re: the dongles. You need to carry a dead octopus worth of cables and dongles with the current MBP. But! I do love the touch bar. I played around with it in the Apple store and found it rather wonderful and userfriendly. I think you can set it to boring standard F keys, but the context sensitive touchbar really makes a number of operations more efficient, for example scrolling through photos. Re: (Score:3) by fluffernutter ( 1411889 ) writes: The touch bar isn't so great for a developer.. With most of my IDEs I need the function keys. The only way to 'force' them is to add every application you need them for, one by one. There are places in GUIs where I would have normally hit 'ESC' to exit so my hand goes to that place on the touch bar and it does nothing, which forces me to look down, and then I find there is a 'cancel' button in dead center instead of where the ESC key was. I can understand that it would probably be nicer for someone who l Re: (Score:3) by dgatwood ( 11270 ) writes: Every non-iOS developer I've spoken to about the new MacBook Pro has said that their next laptop will be a Windows laptop unless Apple reverts this design change. IMO, the touch bar was a major screw-up. The real mistakes were introducing this in the Pro laptop instead of the consumer one (it's a very consumer-oriented feature), and putting it on the keyboard instead of right above it. No surprise (Score:3, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @10:54AM (#53623417) A post Jobs Apple has stagnated. A big, dead, and stinky whale in the water. They stopped innovating and started going for gimmicks and shine. Removing 3.5mm jacks, sacrificing competitive battery performance for thinness not being demanded by consumers. Then you have a MacBook "Pro" that basically kicks professionals in the pants. As an owner of an iPhone 6s Plus and two 2014 MacBook pros, these will likely be my last devices when they go. I run commercial real estate during the day, but do photography on the side and it's expanding to a more primary business. stripping SD card slots and standardising to only USB-C is hardly pro, especially when a lot of us rely on older equipment from time to time in creative fields (like my Kodak film scanner). Apple lost its way. It hasn't innovated in a long time. It's become a corporate version of click bait products. The touch bar, the "thinness"... these things would make sense if consumers were asking for them. Everywhere I turn, they aren't. So Apple is trying a forced-down innovation in their vision. Historically, this never works because even if consumers don't know exactly what it is they need, they won't take something they don't want just because you've crammed it down their throats. Now that Microsoft has embraced opensource a bit more and Win 10 is more polished, the excuses for Apple software, which is lagging desperately behind in features, even begins to lose steam. RIP, Apple. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by fluffernutter ( 1411889 ) writes: I am no OSX expert, but it seems surprisingly rough in several areas. The functions you can perform in the different views of finder aren't even consistent. For example, you can select a range of files in the list view but not in the icon view. Often in icon view you are forced to scroll both horizontally and vertically to see all files since the icons don't wrap. They abandoned the standard nomenclature of 'cut/paste' for files, and instead you must 'copy/move-paste' which is difficult to find because Re: (Score:2) by fluffernutter ( 1411889 ) writes: I could select a block of icons, but that isn't the same as selecting a range. In the list you select the first one, hold shift, and then select the last one and it selects all in between. But 'rubberbanding' isn't the same thing because a range of icons is in a row not a block. I've used many of the Linux DMs, and in terms of file manipulation they all work in the same way, which is to basically model themselves after windows. Re: (Score:3) by TheRaven64 ( 641858 ) writes: That's because the icon view in the Finder is a spacial view. There is no implicit ordering (and it will remember where the icons are in the window), so selecting two files and expecting it to select a range doesn't make sense. I'm slightly surprised that anyone uses a Finder mode other than the NeXT-like browser mode - the spacial view is for people coming from MacOS 9 and hasn't scaled well to modern filesystem sizes for over a decade. Re: (Score:2) by fluffernutter ( 1411889 ) writes: I don't know what the NeXT-like browser mode is, but I find anything other then the icon and list views overly cumbersome. If I am in a directory, I just want to see that directory. The chance that I have a use for the parent and child directories is very low so the view with the directories in vertical strips is too bloated. And I don't like the preview view because if I want to see what is in a file I'll just open it. What I would like to do is to open a directory I have in my favorites into a new win Re: (Score:2) by fluffernutter ( 1411889 ) writes: Believe it or not, I have gone into that icon view several times to find many icons on top of each other. Sometimes it looks like a big mess with everything strewn about. You can double-tap 'clean-up' and then it aligns everything in order but why Apple thought people would want it that way is beyond me. Not a huge surprise... (Score:5, Interesting) by fuzzyfuzzyfungus ( 1223518 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @10:54AM (#53623419) Journal While they continue to pull defeat from the jaws of victory with baffling regularity(eg. needlessly atrocious touchpads for no obvious reason); it's amazing how much less-bad your average PC laptop is today, when compared to the race-to-the-bottom and "Yeah, it's a 15in low-res screen and 2 inches thick" era. Models that can go directly head-to-head with Apple's finest are rarer; but you can often save enough money, vs. the really classy Apple gear, that a few minor sins can be overlooked. Combine that with Apple's more or less total neglect of anything desktop/workstation, which is a boring segment but moves a lot of hardware; and the fair success of Chromebooks as practically-disposable cheap 'n portable options; and you have a few reasons why OSX marketshare might not be doing as well outside of the truly devoted. Back in the day, an ibook/macbook was both good and actually one of the cheaper options if you needed something small and light; mac minis stacked up reasonably favorably against all but the most atrocious cheapy towers; and Mac Pros were pretty respectably priced workstation offerings. I remember, back when they were still doing the intel-based 'cheese grater' case Pros; we were a Dell shop but when we priced out the Pros vs. equivalent Precisions our Dell rep turned a slightly unhealthy color and had to cut us a deal to make it worth going with those rather than just bootcamping the macs. That...isn't exactly...how the world works anymore. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by jbolden ( 176878 ) writes: Agree and I say this as a guy who has been with OSX since 10.1. You used to be able to make an argument that while Apple gouged on some areas they were a reasonable buy. Today you just can't. They are mostly inferior across the whole line. Meanwhile PCs in the last 2 years have gotten much better. I had planned on buying a replacement for my 1st year rMBP this year. The new systems aren't much faster and better. There is simply no excuse for the Mac Pro having gone almost 4 years without a refresh. Re: (Score:3) by kamapuaa ( 555446 ) writes: I think the OS still counts for something, and Mac OS X remains a much better OS than Windows, and Linux is a pain in the ass for many use cases. Get your daughter either a Macbook or a Chromebook (Chromebooks are the best computer for students). FWIW my wife upgraded from her 5-year old Macbook to the new non-touchbar Macbook Pro, and it is substantially faster with a better screen and more portable. Re: (Score:2) by jbolden ( 176878 ) writes: It counts for a lot. I used to figure OSX was worth $1k for me. However: a) Virtualization kills a lot of the advantages of having a business system on top of Unix b) fink and darwin getting less attention kill a lot of the advantages c) The quality of web applications and the move away from desktop kill advantages d) The new windows form factors are a real plus. I use laptops because I like portability and Windows takes portability much further. e) Azure integration is a real plus. Microsoft now arguab The golden age was around 2010 (Score:4, Insightful) by Anonymous Brave Guy ( 457657 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @02:36PM (#53624533) I'm worried that in personal computing today, and I'm including professional PCs in this, everything seems to be a shadow of its former self. Windows has been getting worse since 7. Windows 10 offers only modest benefits for most users over what we had back in 2010, and at a heavy price. Apple seems to have gone full-fashion-gadget, with ever less flexibility and longevity across just about its entire product range. Linux has the kinds of problems you mentioned, and much of the Linux world is still as focused as ever on the OS itself and not on what you can (or can't) do with it. I'm starting to think the era around 2010 was the golden age of personal computing, and since then the greed of hardware companies, software companies and (especially) online services is just making almost everything worse for users. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by jbolden ( 176878 ) writes: I really like the touch aspects. Note taking is a particular strength of the dual form factor and that is useful for college. As far as most users I think the Azure integration features are rather awesome. The core of Windows is office and many Windows users didn't have good sharepoint until recently. Re: (Score:2) by Anonymous Brave Guy ( 457657 ) writes: Sorry, I should have been more explicit that I meant desktop OS platforms. Certainly there have been some interesting and useful hardware developments in recent years. But in software terms, including most of the software features that are enabled by some of those hardware developments, I think mobile devices and online services are where most of the interesting developments have been happening. Re: (Score:2) by Mspangler ( 770054 ) writes: I hear you. My first mac was an SE-30 in 1989. My last is apparently going to be the 2009 mini. When it was my planned time to upgrade in 2013, Apple had nothing worth buying. mostly due to poor video. I waited until 2014 to see if they did better, and they downgraded the entire mini lineup. So I ended up with a Gigibyte Brix Pro, i5 version. Outfitted it to better than the highest end mini for the cost of the mid-range model. I ran it as a hackintosh for a year, then swapped out to Windows 10. Apple has ab Touch bar is a good idea (Score:2, Insightful) by SuperKendall ( 25149 ) writes: Guess I'll be the lone voice of sanity here. The Touch Bar is really, really useful - to the extent I am homing Apple makes an external keyboard that includes it so I can use one when docked... As for staying at the high end, that is how Apple survives. Scrounging for tidbits even the rats wouldn't eat is a losing proposition but that is 90% of the PC market. Apple may lose marketshare because there are a flood of supper-crappy cheap laptops, but what does that percentage really matter in the long run? N Re: Touch bar is a good idea (Score:2) by Camembert ( 2891457 ) writes: I experimented with the touch bar in an Apple store and loved it immediately, it is truly an improvement. I don't quite get the hate against it here. Re:Not a huge surprise... (Score:4, Insightful) by fuzzyfuzzyfungus ( 1223518 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:23AM (#53623545) Journal PC laptop screens went through some dark, dark times. The cheap crap still has lousy screens; but there was some time where it was hard to find anything decent, at any price(especially after the harrowing of the 4:3 panels and the massacre of what few 19:10s existed). At least now you can get decent panels again, if you stay out of the bargain basement. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Not a huge surprise... (Score:5, Informative) by Tukz ( 664339 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:23AM (#53623547) Journal upgraded the ram and installed an SSD myself. Yeah, good luck with that on newer models. Everything is soldered to the mainboard. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Apple's problem in a nutshell is my story: (Score:5, Insightful) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:30AM (#53623587) Homepage I am a creative professional in the online, SaaS, new media publishing era. I should easily be in the traditional Mac OS demographic. I am using a 17" 2010 MBP. It has been maxed to 16GB RAM and dual internal large SSDs. I regularly use all of the ports that it offers. Even though the screen resolution is lower, I use the larger screen because I often have side-by-side windows open running SublimeText and/or some IDE, and doing that on 15" or less introduces eyestrain, even with the higher resolutions (which are mostly supported only in a way that adds visual actuance/sharpness, not in a way that increases available workspace). Density is cute for photos, but for reading and working in text, density < surface area. I was an iPhone early adopter. I had been using smartphones for years (Palm at the time that iPhone was released), and iOS was a revelation early on. Absolute game-changer once apps happened. Talk to me in 2009/2010 and I am a hardcore Apple supporter. I am running my old Linux applications in X, have a shell window open all the time, have access to pro-grade multimedia and development tools, and every part of the product line enhances the productivity of every other part seamlessly. They get it and they are enabling me to do my work like nobody else. I recommend Apple's ecosystem to friend/family/co-workers without hesitation. Now? The Mac is 7 years old. There is no device currently in Apple's lineup that would better serve my needs. I can't buy something from Apple, at any price, that I'd want to replace it with. Many of the Applications that I previously used on it—Aperture, Final Cut, even iWork—have either been retired by Apple or hobbled by Apple, leading me to purchase third party alternatives, e.g. from Adobe, that are also supported on other platforms. The transitions were a pain in the ass, but now I've made them, so I'm no longer facing the resistance to switching that comes from losing all your applications and workflows. And while iOS was once inimitable, nothing like it, enables many more things than any competitor, now I use Samsung Galaxy Tab S machines and a Panasonic CM1 Android phone. They give me shell access, expandable storage to move files around, and hardware that is better for mobile (better camera, better portability/weight, etc.) than iOS does. In short, I'm an savvy computing professional, not someone easily swayed by marketing speak, and Apple isn't selling a single thing that I want. I've gone from an Apple house (Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Time Machine for router/backup) to a mixed house (Mac, Android phone, Android tablet, Roku, third-party NAS). The only Apple item left is the Mac, and in a year or two it'll probably go and be replaced with a Dell/Samsung/Asus high-end machine running Linux. There is no reason Apple had to lose me, they just didn't continue to make products that would enable me to get my work done more efficiently than the alternatives, which is what Apple used to do with shocking skill. But now? Like I said, there's not a single thing in Apple's product line that I want to buy or that seems like a good investment from the productivity perspective. That's a complete and shocking inversion from the late '00s. I now recommend Windows 10 or Linux and Android to everyone, and Chromebooks for those that just browse and type papers. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by phantomfive ( 622387 ) writes: Aperture, Final Cut, even iWork—have either been retired by Apple or hobbled by Apple It's really sad what's happened to iWork. Had they continued to progressively improve it with each release, they could have a solid MSOffice competitor by now, in every category (Excel being the main weakness). Re: (Score:3) by dgatwood ( 11270 ) writes: Instead, in their zeal to make it possible to work with documents online so that they can try (unsuccessfully) to compete with Google Docs, they've cut out many of the features that gave them an advantage. At this point, IMO, folks might as well save their money and just use Google Docs instead. That said, I've mostly ignored the iWork suite. I got burned badly when Apple dropped AppleWorks for iWork, because so much of the functionality I used (the "draw" module and the database module) didn't really mak Re:Apple's problem in a nutshell is my story: mine (Score:2) by MeNeXT ( 200840 ) writes: 1983 all over again. People's needs are more than the limitations that they impose. Re: (Score:2) by Gr8Apes ( 679165 ) writes: You know, I understand the data sharing objection to Windows 10, but never? Ever? You do understand that lots of people just don't care, right? That your phone apps routinely hoover up all kinds of data? And that they get millions of Likes, downloads, and installs all the same? That Google, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and all the rest data mine the crap out of everything? You do realize someone somewhere has to be the first to state that's wrong and actually do something about it? Otherwise the path will not be changed. Windows 10 is a perfectly fine and viable solution to lots of people. If it's not for you then I respect that. What I don't respect is you deciding for others, what is good for them. Win10 is not a viable solution for anyone, no more than a daily opium dose is. Apple bet the farm on iOS. (Score:5, Informative) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @10:55AM (#53623423) Homepage They abandoned productivity computing users almost entirely. Appliance-style computers with high-end sensory specs, rather than modular ones with high-end throughput specs. Abandonment of "professional" tier applications, integrations, and support. Marketing and product development that targeted information consumption rather than production and manipulation. Modifications primarily to the computing platform whenever computing and mobile needed to be brought closer. Not so long ago Mac OS was a compelling computing platform at the hardware and at the software level for many professionals, including many computing professionals like me (who were once hardcore Linux/*nix users). This is no longer the case. With the changes that have been made over the last few years, Mac OS and related hardware are now also-rans, but ones that come at a significant cost premium and with significant limitations. Meanwhile, they have avoided the (often controversial) wisdom of Steve Jobs, who tended to cannibalize existing product lines and userbases with new ones in order to stay ahead of the curve. Instead, they have worked hard not to cannibalize and/or risk the iOS userbase (designing instead for its lowest common denominator, which is low indeed) by upgrading or innovating in iOS. The result is that Mac OS is no longer a viable (much less obvious) choice for professionals even in many of its traditional constituencies, while iOS has stagnated and is now significantly behind Android in many ways. I don't think all of this would have happened under Steve Jobs, who would have continued to be controversial, and also would have continued to make gains but in often surprising ways that would only be grudgingly conceded later on. With Tim Cook they got a traditional bean-counter who carried Apple back into the traditional corporate cycle of aggressive rise, complacent dominance, unavoidable fall. I'm annoyed that I'll have to switch computing platforms again—the switch from Linux was not easy after 17 years when I made it in 2010—but I suspect that I will. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: They abandoned productivity computing users almost entirely. Very true. Almost everyone in graphic design used to run Apple hardware, but over the past few years we've seen a mass exodus to traditional PC hardware because Apple doesn't provide hardware that is even remotely competitive anymore. Even Adobe's in house Photoshop and Illustrator professionals have moved back to Windows and standard PC hardware. I regularly watch Adobe's official Twitch channel and I don't think I've seen an Apple user in mont Re: (Score:2) by greenfruitsalad ( 2008354 ) writes: there's your answer right there. apple should license its OS to 3rd party manufacturers. they'll still make loads of dosh certifying HW for their SW. they'll still make money with their premium HW. everybody will be happy. Re: (Score:2) by dgatwood ( 11270 ) writes: You do realize that Microsoft doesn't support all that third party hardware, either, right? Companies like Dell have programmers in-house who are responsible for systems integration, and the various chipset makers write their own drivers. All Apple has to do is provide the licensing, and the hardware vendors will take care of the rest. Re: (Score:2) by dgatwood ( 11270 ) writes: Sure, some of them would be crap, but presumably at least a couple of those manufacturers would emerge as knowing what they're doing. I mean, if they stick with standard Intel chipsets and one of the NVIDIA or AMD GPUs that Apple already uses, it should "just work", and if they use other NVIDIA or AMD GPUs... well, it's not like Apple writes those drivers anyway, so they shouldn't be that much worse than what Apple ships. Re: (Score:2) by DrTime ( 838124 ) writes: Yeah to all above. I've been Macs at home and PCs at work since the Mac came out. Time Capsule too. My first Mac was the MacPlus. Apple under Tim Cook is not an innovator any more. The new Google Pixel phone looks compelling enough to make me switch after having the original iPhone, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4S, and now the iPhone 6. All were good in their day. I hope the 6 keeps going two more years before I want to replace it. They've become tied to stock market pricing fears and the iPhone as the main produ Re: (Score:2) by jbolden ( 176878 ) writes: Agree with everything you wrote except for Tim Cook. Cook has continued in his manufacturing role. Apple manufacturing is really good, and the complexity of the products has skyrocketed. This has continued and is now far better than under Jobs. They now make very complex products reliably, affordably and quickly. The problem is that many of the other areas of Apple are stagnating. Cook is doing stuff but he is still acting like head of manufacturing not head of Apple. Re: (Score:2) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: I think you're probably right about that. It rings true and reflects typical human limitations. He's focused on what he knows, and has blind spots in what he doesn't know as well. Re:Apple bet the farm on iOS. (Score:5, Insightful) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:46AM (#53623669) Homepage Aperture is a good case study. I had half a million photos in it. It is no longer being maintained. It's an ecosystem in disrepair. Application A requires a newer version of Mac OS to support the latest hardware, features, integrations with third parties, and sync with its mobile apps. Meanwhile, if you upgrade Mac OS, Application B, no longer supported, will at some point stop functioning. And Application C requires new revision Apple hardware that hobbles your workflow in Applications A and B with mundane physical problems like lack of ports. This sort of thing is happening all over the place in Apple land. Yes, you can spend hours of your workday and dollars that you don't want to spend finding lots of workarounds. OR you can just see the writing on the wall, switch to Lightroom (for example) and plan a path to a platform where the conflicts don't exist. The "it just works" philosophy was the exact OPPOSITE of version-and-abandonware hell. Version-and-abandonware hell was the reason that I left Linux for Mac OS in the late '00s. Sadly, I bought in just a couple of years before Apple would take the same route. The viability question is bound up with influencers. I am one. I probably brought 50 people at four businesses over to Apple/Mac/iOS between 2008 and 2012 on the strength of my recommendations and after-hours assistance. Now? Now I recommend Windows 10 Surface and Android to most non-professional users that ask me. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate And is likely to get smaller... (Score:4, Insightful) by mr.dreadful ( 758768 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:00AM (#53623439) My first computer was an Apple IIGS. I've owned more Macs then I can remember. I was responsible for Macs being adopted by my workplace. And yet, I very much doubt my next computer will be a Mac. Poor hardware choices are really the last straw. Chances are good my next rig will be a Dell XPS running Ubuntu. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate from 9.6% to 6.1% in 8 months? (Score:4, Insightful) by Camembert ( 2891457 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:02AM (#53623447) I find it surprising that according to this statistic one third of Mac users stopped using Macs during the last 8 months. Or did the market grow a lot (don't think so)? I can see that some Mac users would switch to Windows (or occasionally to Linux), but one third in 8 months? Seems actually unlikely. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate They'll turn it around (Score:2) by GrumpySteen ( 1250194 ) writes: They just need to remove a few more standard ports and add more adapters! waiting for something better (Score:3) by mrmaster ( 535266 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:08AM (#53623477) Homepage People were waiting for a good Mac refresh in 2016. The macbook pro finally came out but to mixed reviews. The direction Apple is going with their computers is hard to say. More adapters to lug around....Some screens get improvements while others do not...things changed for the sake of change. Why upgrade your 4 yr old computer when the new one has the very same screen? There will be a bump if Apple spends more of an effort to refresh their computer lineup. I have a 4 yr old 11 inch mac air and I still see no reason to upgrade. I am definitely not in the minority. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Apple also lost education to Chrome OS (Score:5, Insightful) by zerofoo ( 262795 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:11AM (#53623487) Apple is also losing the battle in education. There are almost 100,000 schools in the US and until about 5 years ago, many ran Apple computers in their classrooms. Chromebooks have eaten Apple's lunch almost entirely in that space. Cutting Tim Cook's pay is not enough - Microsoft put a tech guy in charge of the company - it's time for Apple to do the same. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by phantomfive ( 622387 ) writes: Cutting Tim Cook's pay is not enough - Microsoft put a tech guy in charge of the company - it's time for Apple to do the same. Still though, what area of tech is doing well enough that Apple could say, "they are doing it right, let's promote him to CEO?" They are failing technically in all areas. Amit Singh might be a good candidate, though. Re: (Score:2) by JaredOfEuropa ( 526365 ) writes: Several areas aren't doing so well at all at Apple, which is why they don't just need a strong CEO, but strong sector heads (or directors, or whatever they are called) who can deliver reliably as well as innovate on their own, without the CEO babysitting them. Promoting the director of a sector that is doing well is just going to wreck that sector, not save the company. Re: (Score:2) by phantomfive ( 622387 ) writes: Promoting the director of a sector that is doing well is just going to wreck that sector, not save the company. It seemed to work ok for Microsoft......their cloud division is doing extremely well since promoting the head of that sector (the Windows department, on the other hand.......) Re: (Score:2) by Ramze ( 640788 ) writes: One doesn't compete in education for money. It's to introduce the next generation to your walled garden so they will go home and buy compatible products and eventually use them at home, work, and play -- because you learned it early on and everything works together... and switching is a pain. Often, Apple would give very steep educational discounts. They'd be smart to just donate computers to schools and universities and take the tax deduction.... especially for currently unsold inventory before the next The new MacBook Pro didn't help (Score:2) by bjdevil66 ( 583941 ) writes: I'm a more recent convert AWAY from Windows at work in 2013 (7 is going to be my last Windows OS at home), and then they drop this turd of a new MacBook Pro on us. I'm not interested in a fancy function keys bar or Touch ID because I don't need my MacBook Pro to be an iPhone that happens to have a keyboard. I want a fast, powerful, reliable OS on a fast, powerful, reliable laptop that just works without any extra effort. Why people went Apple, and why they leave now (Score:5, Insightful) by Opportunist ( 166417 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:24AM (#53623555) Apple was a "just works" solution for people who didn't want to be bothered with their computer to do what they actually wanted to do. And Apple delivered that beautifully. Not to me, I never got my mind wrapped around the "Apple way" of thinking, but I could easily see it with the various people I used to admin PCs for. They quickly fell in love with the intuitive interface (beats me how this is intuitive, but they thought so) and how "naturally" everything felt (personally, I felt it was all wrong). But it wasn't for me, it was for them, and for them, it worked perfectly. There also was never an issue with odd drivers or having to upgrade them, Apple did that for you. There was also never an issue with having to buy some additional reader for whatever esoteric memory medium your digital cam used, your Apple could read it. Out of the box. Without you having to install anything. Even the most cryptic format nobody heard about, your Apple would read it and seamlessly let you work with it, it organizes your files for you, it was the perfect computer for people who just wanted to do stuff without having to learn how to do it. Quite frankly, Apple's engineers apparently spent a lot of time employing people like my dad telling them what they want to do and they designed the software to "think" for the user. That was the key asset for Apple. And they threw that away. No, not with the software. That probably still works the way it did. But with the hardware. Again, one of the key selling points for Apple was that their machines could read anything you could possibly throw at them. And that is simply no longer the case. They can't even read USB out of the box anymore. Instead you are supposed to buy a lot of additional crap, various cables for various reasons that confuse and overwhelm people. Which one do I need? And I don't want to buy the wrong one, they're all quite expensive. Apple replaced total compatibility with absolute incompatibility. They saw that they can cram it down their users' throats in the phone market and tried the same stunt with their computers. And now they get to learn the MS lesson: Just 'cause you can piss on your customers in a market you dominate doesn't mean that it will work everywhere. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: For me it wasn't about intuitiveness, it was about the lack of conflicts. If you bought all Apple, you didn't need "workarounds." Versioning issues, compatibility issues, conflicts between apps and/or devices, weird workflow and hardware chains to get information from one place to another. Linux got worse and worse in that regard until I finally threw my hands and gave up on it in the late '00s. Moving to Apple during that period was bliss. If it said "Apple" or "Mac" anywhere on it, or in the marketing mater Re: (Score:2) by ColdWetDog ( 752185 ) writes: Back in the heady days of 2010 or so, Apple was putting Express Card busses in the Pros. So you could slot SATA adapters, odd memory cards and the like. Was a great feature, my 2011 17 inch MBP still has a XQD adapter (an oddball memory card, thank you Sony and Nikon) that works hella fast. But there was little market uptake and I doubt all that many people actually bought adapters. And here lies the Great Quandary. Apple now wants to sell millions and millions of everything it produces (including, it se Re: (Score:2) by Opportunist ( 166417 ) writes: And while they may have that with their cellphones, they don't have that potential in the laptop market. That is firmly in the hands of MS and various hardware makers that are firmly and deeply entrenched. Aiming at a mass market in a segment that is already cornered by someone else is not going to work, especially if your products have fewer features and cost more. PC and Notebook shipments falling in general (Score:3) by HalAtWork ( 926717 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:31AM (#53623589) It just looks like [jonpeddie.com] people are moving to tablets and phones over laptops and desktops in general. In addition, speed bumps for CPUs and GPUs aren't really noticable to non-gamers, I've been able to stick with the same machines for a long time now. On my MacBook Pro I'm running Linux so I wasn't affected by Apple cutting off OS support. It's still as speedy as ever. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate A Mega-Mac Pro is Needed (Score:4, Insightful) by BoRegardless ( 721219 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @11:31AM (#53623593) Consumers aren't buying PCs anymore in volume. Hence, Apple should aim the MacPro at the literal "PROFESSIONAL" market only. The cost of a MacPro is less than the total cost of the software on the system. I pay more for CAD licenses in the lifetime of my MacPro than the cost of the MacPro. Get it? Cook? Just my opinion. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by tommeke100 ( 755660 ) writes: This. I've also heard the argument of buying the high-end mac because that's the best value for money period. If you went for the 27" iMac 1 to 2 years ago, you'd have a monitor that is basically worth 1,000$ compared to the competition 27" 4k's out there (27" 4k monitor prices of last year). So for the 1,000$ left of the price of the 27" iMac you'd have top-end hardware in there. Plus you get the great design look of the iMac. Great value for money. A sad tale of corporate capitalism... (Score:2) by John Allsup ( 987 ) writes: Like others lamenting here, between 2005 and 2010 I was essentially Apple only, having switched from Windows and Linux. In 2011 I tried Linux again, putting Ubuntu on a Sony Vaio laptop (dual booting with Windows), and then an Acer laptop. The improvements in Linux re-ignited my inner penguin, and it is what I use most often. My macs are a 2008 iMac, and a 2009 macbook. There is no point in upgrading the hardware, nothing more recent, first- or second-hand is a sensible option, and Snow Leopard is the most Apple makes FAR more money on the iOS side (Score:5, Insightful) by King_TJ ( 85913 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @01:44PM (#53624297) Journal I think when Steve Jobs was still alive, he enforced a philosophy at Apple that the Mac was the "cornerstone" of the company, no matter what else it developed. It was all about that "halo effect", where the Mac was the control center for everything else, and everything had a symbiotic relationship with everything else Apple sold. (EG. You could be a Windows user and buy an iPod as your music player, and use it just fine. BUT, you'd eventually say, "Hey... Apple's iTunes software that manages this thing really runs better on the Mac than it does in Windows. Maybe I'll just go with a Mac in the future and use it with this?" Or you might be a Windows or even Linux user who bought an Apple Airport Extreme as your wi-fi router because it got high reviews. You *could* manage it with the Windows version of the management software, but you'd find it's easier to just set one up from an iPhone, where support is built right in.) Back then, it was commonplace for Jobs to remind people that low overall percentages of Mac sales compared to Windows didn't concern him. It was about selling gourmet food vs. McDonalds. If you have a premium product, you concentrate on catering to those who appreciate that ... not worrying about maximizing sales numbers. Today, it's very different. Apple under Tim Cook seems to believe iOS devices are the "future" as the traditional computer dies out, and MANY of the complaints Mac users have are direct results of this change in course. There are problems right now with PDFKit in OS X, where Apple suddenly rewrote the thing from the ground up in OS X Sierra without so much as informing developers. The reason? They wanted one with feature parity with the iOS version. This made Apple's own Preview software unsafe to use to edit PDF documents, because it causes embedded OCR layers to be stripped from them when you save them. Other applications like Mariner Paperless, which use Preview to display scanned documents in their database, crash as soon as you try to view a file in your collection. It's basically a trainwreck right now. I hear Apple is scrambling to fix a lot of this in the latest OS X beta, but this fiasco already caused many realtors to switch back to Windows because they rely so heavily on PDF as part of their daily workflow, If rumors I've heard can be believed, Apple doesn't even have much of a Mac OS X development team left anymore. The updates to it are supposedly being done by a team that's expected to spend part of their time doing iOS related work. I've been a big Mac proponent since the 2001 time-frame, but I'm finally reaching the point where my next computer won't be a Mac, unless there's a major change of course in the near future. As others have said, Apple has nothing for sale that I'd really want to buy. The new Macbook Pro 15" looks desirable at first glance. The touch-bar is a nice addition and it looks attractive in space gray color and all that. But in reality, it's the most expensive laptop Apple has ever sold (in a high spec configuration at least), while demanding more compromises to use it than have ever been expected of "Pro" users before. The lack of all ports except USB-C would be more acceptable if the USB-C standard was more prevalent. But putting it there today is doing it just to prove you're "cutting edge", while hampering real-world usage. And at that price? Why isn't a set of the dongle adapters included with it?? The Mag-Safe charging was a mistake to eliminate too. That's been a signature feature that made Mac laptops a step ahead of everyone else. Couldn't they at least do a USB-C variant of Mag-Safe? Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate This x1000. (Score:2) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: I don't want to put together a list of applications and conflicts because that will obscure the forest for the trees. But your case is emblematic of what I now deal with in Mac OS, too—and many other pros, besides. I was 17 years on Linux and Solaris before that. I wrote a pile of books about *nix, founded a software company in *nix space, and so on. It was no small thing for me to switch to Apple. I did it because it saved me bucketloads of time. All those annoyances of the sort that you describe weren Careers change. (Score:2) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: The market has changed. It's not nearly as lucrative out there any longer to sell your team that develops and deploys bespoke solutions in mid-sized environments where people used to deploy and develop. This stuff is now typically done out-of-house through cloud/SaaS providers, often with a mix of turnkey and in-house tweaks. Since I'm not that interested in being anyone's staff monkey, and I'm not that interested in app development for mobile, nor in starting my own SaaS solution (though I've thought about design hubris vs total garbage (Score:2) by globaljustin ( 574257 ) writes: Apple under Tim Cook seems to believe iOS devices are the "future" as the traditional computer dies out Partially true. Apple is the victim of their own design hubris...the port removals are the perfect example. They think paper thin phones are "a few years away" and are pushing wireless everything, and it's horseshit. Apple just needs to come back to reality and put usable ports on their devices...that's all... Windows is still spyware/adware garbage, and even with Apple's port nonsense, Apple products are stil Not quite. (Score:3) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: I have 2TB SSD storage inside my MBP 17" and am fighting the temptation to back one of them to a spinner go to 3TB—mainly because I don't want to invest in installing more parts in a seven-year-old machine and can't stand the slowness of spinning hard drives. When I'm in my home office, I am regularly plugged in to all three USB ports (and one of them leads straight to an 18-port USB hub that has about half the ports full at any time). You can't even carry 3TB with you on a current MBP, under any circum Re: (Score:2) by globaljustin ( 574257 ) writes: I just don't have the time or the inclination to fuck around with the current MBP products. I see a million roadblocks and stumbling points that I just don't want to deal with. I have other things to do. imho you aren't an edge case...you should be the target user...sort of like how a pole vaulter aims *over* the bar...grandmas and sorority chicks who use their mac for email and facebook will be happy if you're happy, in that sense but...switching to windoze? Re: (Score:2) by globaljustin ( 574257 ) writes: good point thanks for the correction Re: (Score:2) by Barlo_Mung_42 ( 411228 ) writes: You touch on an important point with the lack of Mac OS X developers. I work at a hardware company that supports Windows, Mac, and Linux. It is getting *very* hard to find and keep people to work on the Mac version of our driver and it's starting to show in the quality imo. not very surprising (Score:2) by unami ( 1042872 ) writes: when they were at their almost-10-percent-high, they made an effort and had unique, high-quality and competitively priced machines. now half of their lineup is slowly dying. if you buy a new mac, you can't be sure that there'll be a follow-up model in that line. macpros and mac-mini sales are probably pretty flat, because of that and because of old hardware that was on the cusp of being overpriced when it was released three years ago. new releases value aesthetical design over function and are no good valu If all you care about is hardware.... (Score:2) by Danathar ( 267989 ) writes: Then there is lots of hardware out there you could argue is better than Apple (expandability, performance, etc). But.... OS X is still in my humble opinion better than Windows (even 10). Anybody who says they are dumping the Mac for a Windows system solely because of hardware evidently does not give much weight to OS X. Government Contracts (Score:3) by globaljustin ( 574257 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @04:06PM (#53624915) Journal Windows has always...*always* benefitted from these kinds of stats due to the fact that most desktops in the US government run Windows. It's our taxpayer dollars at work! Apple's products are better than ever...*except* for the ridiculous port nonsense. Windows is still garbage spy/ad-ware...it's worse than ever. Neither are right, but Apple's products are still way better for the end user of any level. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by LynnwoodRooster ( 966895 ) writes: Unless you want to DESIGN that Mac. Then you need a modern parametric 3D CAD package and modern schematics capture/board layout package. And those can only be found on Windows. And thus - you may have a Macbook - you run Windows to design your hardware. Gee I wonder why.... (Score:2) by ogdenk ( 712300 ) writes: - Only device you can get a touchscreen/active stylus with is an overpriced boutique internet appliance. - Only hardware innovation in years is a goofy touch bar. - Only major changes in hardware is to make things slightly thinner and remove any aspect of user upgrade/serviceability. Can't even swap SSD or upgrade RAM in PRO models. - OSX is becoming increasingly locked down. Even installing something like TotalTerminal has become a pain in the ass. - Increasing efforts to force everyone through a silly app s Mac OS Share Increase (Score:3) by GrBear ( 63712 ) writes: on Saturday January 07, 2017 @05:39PM (#53625247) The only way Apple is going to get an increase in Mac OS X mindshare is to release it for generic PC hardware. At this point, pushing out old hardware as a new product just isn't cutting it. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate After a decade of Mac I returned to Windows (Score:2) by EmperorOfCanada ( 1332175 ) writes: Here is the simple reason. I had a Mac Pro (the garbage can) and it was pretty kick ass. But it had a few issues. One is that I couldn't really upgrade it, another is that it had ATI video cards (I now need CUDA), and three was that if anything broke in it the whole thing was going to be a financial nightmare to fix. So I spent 2.5k on a Windows desktop where no one part is terribly expensive, I get a 1TB SSD plus massive HD, I get a crazy nVidia card, I get a damn good processor, and most importantly I ge Could have, would have, should have (Score:2) by AHuxley ( 892839 ) writes: Focus on the Mac Pro. Make a deal with intel, AMD or Nvidia. Roll out a new version every year with a bump in cpu, gpu. Even if a few get sold, the software will be ready for 5K, 8K. That mind share, market share, developer glow will attract creative people who want to show how trendy and arty they are. That will build a base up from iMac and mini users who are aspirational. The blogs, social media filled with hype about the last Mac Pro and the new Mac Pro is what makes a brand have value. Get a better M Re: (Score:2) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: Except that the abandonment of larger displays and many ports makes their new hardware unsuitable for development compared to old hardware, and they don't have any plans for new hardware that is developer-friendly. Re: (Score:2) by dgatwood ( 11270 ) writes: I'm guessing the escape key (for vi/vim/nvi). Re: (Score:2) by jbolden ( 176878 ) writes: I don't follow. Why would privacy and security on the browser drive an overall drop in quality in the OS, application support and hardware value? Besides things like integrating tracking protection and ad blocking are not hard to do. I use Safari and those things work today on my system. Re: (Score:2) by blackest_k ( 761565 ) writes: Same here 16GB on a 2010 13" Macbook Pro, Apple is really doing a number on it's customers as far as I can tell the last upgradable Macbook Pro came out in 2012. If they want me as a customer then i want upgradable and repairable hardware. Not this soldered in crap they are putting out. I don't give a damn about thin or the stupid bar. Oh and I like Magsafe too. Chances are my next laptop will be a hackintosh. A decent graphics card and cpu and max ram and they have a machine I want to buy. Re: (Score:3, Informative) by TheRaven64 ( 641858 ) writes: I agree that this sucks, but the fault is with Intel, not Apple. The only quad-core mobile chips that Intel is currently shipping support a maximum of 16GB if you use DDR3 or LPDDR3, or 32GB if you use DDR4 (and don't support LPDDR4). The difference in power between 16GB of LPDDR3 and 32GB of DDR4 is huge and would take 2-3 hours from the battery life (and have a big impact even when in suspend mode, because the RAM remains powered unless you suspend to disk and pay a wake-up time penalty). The next revi Re: Don't upgrade your hardware, and... (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: So make an actual "Pro" model that offers more RAM and better graphics and has a bigger battery as a result. Believe it or not most users who want those things value them more than thinness and lightness at this point. Apples devices are plenty thin and plenty light right now! Nobody cares if it weighs an extra pound or two if it actually has the features people want. Leave the thinner, lighter, unreapairable lineup as the consumer lineup and offer a thicker, heavier, repairable and upgradable lineup for "P If the entirety of my business life (Score:2) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: had to be limited to what could go on a plane, I'd be out of business. Re: (Score:2) by Nunya666 ( 4446709 ) writes: At least I can upgrade the SSD to 1 TB or more but no upgrading the RAM soldered to the system board. Wait, people buy laptops that have the RAM soldered to the system board? Who would do that? A tablet, sure, but a laptop? And no USB ports either? To each their own, I guess, but wow, what a waste of money. Re: Don't upgrade your hardware, and... (Score:2) by AuMatar ( 183847 ) writes: My pc laptop has 64. It's a year old now, so you can probably find 128. Re: (Score:2) by ColdWetDog ( 752185 ) writes: If Microsoft had not dropped the ball with Windows, Apple would already be completely irrelevant as a computer company. Microsoft has always dropped the ball with Windows. Re: stats are in dispute. (Score:2) by cyber-vandal ( 148830 ) writes: Only on here where people think because they use Linux at work that Windows is dead. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 761 commentsApple Cites 'Courage' As Reason To Remove 3.5mm Headphone Jack 742 commentsChina Threatens To Cut Sales of iPhones and US Cars if 'Naive' Trump Pursues Trade War 678 commentsCompany Creates Gun That Looks Like a Cellphone 675 commentsPhil Schiller Says the MacBook Pro Doesn't Need an SD Card Slot 596 commentsDOJ Threatens To Seize iOS Source Code next Linux.com Announces The Best Linux Distros for 2017 224 comments previous Hackers Unlock NES Classic, Upload New Games Via USB Cable 86 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 227 loaded Submit Story Regarding astral projection, Woody Allen once wrote, "This is not a bad way to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage." FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Horan Capital Management Buys 3,893 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Horan Capital Management increased its position in shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 3.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 111,943 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 3,893 shares during the period. Apple accounts for 3.4% of Horan Capital Management’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 11th largest position. Horan Capital Management’s holdings in Apple were worth $12,655,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Reik & CO. LLC increased its stake in shares of Apple by 16.3% in the third quarter. Reik & CO. LLC now owns 5,066 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $573,000 after buying an additional 710 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can increased its stake in shares of Apple by 0.7% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 5,398,696 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $609,990,000 after buying an additional 38,272 shares during the period. Alpha Omega Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Apple by 5.8% in the third quarter. Alpha Omega Wealth Management LLC now owns 29,589 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $3,345,000 after buying an additional 1,611 shares during the period. Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc. increased its stake in shares of Apple by 3.5% in the third quarter. Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc. now owns 316,166 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $35,742,000 after buying an additional 10,702 shares during the period. Finally, GHP Investment Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of Apple by 1.1% in the third quarter. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 35,036 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $3,961,000 after buying an additional 365 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 56.90% of the company’s stock. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 1.11% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $117.91. 31,751,900 shares of the stock were exchanged. Apple Inc. has a 1-year low of $89.47 and a 1-year high of $118.69. The company has a market capitalization of $628.73 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.19 and a beta of 1.30. The company’s 50 day moving average is $113.88 and its 200 day moving average is $108.94. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The iPhone maker reported $1.67 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.66 by $0.01. Apple had a net margin of 21.19% and a return on equity of 35.59%. The firm earned $46.85 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $46.88 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.96 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 9.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Apple Inc. will post $8.99 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Horan Capital Management Buys 3,893 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL)” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/07/horan-capital-management-buys-3893-shares-of-apple-inc-aapl.html. AAPL has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Apple in a report on Friday, September 9th. RBC Capital Markets reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $117.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Friday, September 9th. Argus reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $135.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Friday, September 9th. Vetr raised Apple from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $111.96 target price for the company in a report on Monday, September 12th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $140.00 target price (up from $120.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Monday, September 12th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, forty-three have assigned a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $129.31. In other Apple news, insider Philip W. Schiller sold 43,769 shares of Apple stock in a transaction on Thursday, October 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $115.07, for a total transaction of $5,036,498.83. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CFO Luca Maestri sold 16,950 shares of Apple stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.03, for a total transaction of $1,865,008.50. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 12,055 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,326,411.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Position Decreased by Teachers Advisors LLC Next » AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) is Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC’s 7th Largest Position Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Tim Cook Leaves Money On the Table to Kick Off Apple’s 2017 – Fortune Posted on January 7, 2017 by Fortune Apple CEO Tim Cook arguably took the hardest hit this week. After Apple decided to pull a New York Times app from China, critics took to social media to say Cook, who has become a privacy and rights advocate, had made the wrong move. Just a couple of … Tim Cook’s compensation not spared as Apple misses performance goalsTechCrunch Weak Apple Performance And Missed Goals Deal $1.5 Million Blow To CEO Tim Cook’s Salary For 2016Tech Times Apple bosses see pay drop in 2016; CEO Tim Cook reaps $145MChicago Daily Herald U.S. News & World Report -Fast Company -Yahoo News -Mac Rumors all 120 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 7 AAPL: 117.91 1.30 9to5Mac Best of CES 2017 Awards Zac Hall - Jan. 7th 2017 6:59 am PT @apollozac CES 2017 Mac CarPlay iPhone HomeKit View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit While Apple doesn’t have an official presence at the Consumer Electronics Show, CES 2017 has been packed with new and innovative technology that takes advantage of Apple’s hardware and software. 9to5Mac has been on the ground in Las Vegas all week tracking down the best and most interesting new technologies to come out of the big show. This year we’re highlighting our favorite new products with the first-ever 9to5Mac Best of CES Awards. And the winners are… …harder to pick than you might imagine! Loads of new product announcements were made at CES 2017 including the first HomeKit security cameras and garage door openers, cameras with USB-C, and plenty of new aftermarket CarPlay receivers. Four days and 28+ miles walked later, we’ve narrowed it down to four new and upcoming products announced at CES 2017 that deserve your attention and 9to5Mac‘s first-ever Best of CES Award. Best CarPlay receiver: Alpine iLX-107 Alpine was one of the first companies to bring Apple’s CarPlay infotainment system to aftermarket head units, and now they’re promising the very first aftermarket CarPlay receiver with wireless CarPlay. Aftermarket head units are appealing because you can install them in the car you already own, and wireless CarPlay has been an iOS feature for well over a year but has only appeared in a very expensive BMW sedan. Alpine’s upcoming iLX-107 brings wireless CarPlay to the masses with an aftermarket head unit priced at $699 with availability as soon as February. As a driver who has used CarPlay since October 2014, I’m personally ecstatic over Alpine making wireless CarPlay accessible in a solution that costs under $1000. iLX-107 is also a decent display with a 7-inch capacitive touch screen. 9to5Mac got a quick hands-on with Alpine’s iLX-107 receiver with wireless CarPlay totally working, and we think this head unit will be extremely popular in 2017. Stay tuned for a hands-on video and a full review when iLX-107 hits the market next month. Best Mac accessory: Kanex GoPower USB-C battery for MacBook Most new peripherals for MacBooks at CES 2017 have been about retrofitting modern notebooks with legacy I/O, but Kanex’s GoPower USB-C Portable Battery for USB-C MacBook fully embraces the USB-C future that we now live in. GoPower USB-C packs in 15,000 mAh of battery which is rated to recharge the 12-inch MacBook up to two times on a single charge. GoPower USB-C features a USB-C port for recharging the battery itself, which is convenient since that’s the same port new MacBooks use, and a USB-C port offers power out to recharge MacBooks using the standard power cable. A single USB-A port is also included for juicing iPhones and iPads. Kanex even offers priority charging so you can charge your connected MacBook while connecting GoPower USB-C to a wall adapter. Apple’s 12-inch MacBook is ultra-portable which makes it the ultimate road warrior, and Kanex helps extend the road trip with GoPower USB-C for MacBooks. Best iPhone accessory: Flir One The ecosystem of iPhone accessories has expanded this week with cases that offer built-in headphone jacks and Lightning ports for iPhone 7 users, tiny MFi gaming controllers, and lots of connected gadgets. Our pick for the best iPhone accessory out of CES 2017 is the latest Flir One thermal imaging camera which is both better and cheaper than its predecessor. Flir’s third-generation Flir One has practical application in the real world like search and rescue efforts, spotting a bad A/C vent during a repair, and anything else where visualizing heat can be beneficial. Flir One packs this capability in a small iPhone attachment that can visualize temperatures ranging from -4°F to 248°F. Flir One is a unique iPhone solution that solves practical problems in the real world, plus it’s also a cool demo if you haven’t seen temperatures visualized. Best HomeKit accessory: CES 2017 has been a launching ground for a wide range of HomeKit accessories after a slow start initially. While we’re happy to see HomeKit become much more mainstream in new smart home devices, it’s Nanoleaf who has the most creative new HomeKit hardware unveiled at CES. Nanoleaf’s Music Visualization Module for Aurora Smart Light Panels is totally out-of-the-box for a HomeKit-connected accessory and we can’t wait for its launch this year. 9to5Mac recently went hands-on with Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting system with HomeKit support, and Music Visualization Module will turn an already impressive product into a totally unique HomeKit lighting solution. Music Visualization Module will be an add-on accessory that you attach with a Linker just like additional Aurora light panels, and an embedded mic will enable Aurora smart lights to react to music as it’s played. Nanoleaf is also working with various music services and developers to add specific integrations. Special Music Visualization scenes will also be introduced that let you change how Aurora lights react to music as it’s played. Music Visualization Module is expected to be released in the third quarter of 2017 which should make Aurora a very compelling gift for the next holiday season. 9to5Mac will have an in-depth review of the new features as they become available. Related Stories: 9to5Google Best of CES 2017 Awards 9to5Toys Best of CES 2017 Awards Guides Mac View THe Guide CarPlay View THe Guide iPhone View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Renzo Rosso's 'Big' Plans for Marni Hollister Turns to Coolmax and Lycra for New Performance Denim Line We'll Always Have Paris: Hilton Talks Biz at Moschino A Nostalgic Tom Ford Hits GQ Party in Milan Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Kevin Carrigan Takes Creative Role at Ralph Lauren Big Apple Circus to Auction Assets Saint Laurent Reveals New Summer Images Sources: American Apparel Workers Brace for Mass Layoffs Monday Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Missha Joins K-Beauty Boom at Target Ralph Lauren Polo Red's New 'It' Boy: Meet Luke Bracey Derm Institute Builds Up in U.S. Market Nudestix Names New CMO Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Alessandro Sartori Readies First Runway Show for Ermenegildo Zegna Guillaume Meilland Juggles Past and Present for Ferragamo Debut Louis Vuitton Opens First Men's Pop-up Store in Milan Fourth of November Collaborates With New York Knicks on Capsule Collection Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Pal Zileri Men's Fall 2017 Les Hommes Men's Fall 2017 Prada’s Men's Fall 2017 Moncler Gamme Bleu Men's Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Spring 2017 Accessories: The 10 Best 'Soul Train' Throwback Platforms Karl Lagerfeld Partners With Swarovski on Fashion Jewelry Line Spring 2017 Accessories: The 13 Best Bags of a Bygone Era Relaunch of a Classic: Cartier to Unveil New Panthere Watch Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Jonas Mekas Talks Scorsese, Documenta 14, Three New Books, Anthology Film Archives' $6 Million Project Lord Snowdon, Photographer and Philanthropist, 86 Eyes on 'The Man Who Loved Women' Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman Honored at Elle Women in TV Celebration Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD Terms & Conditions Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Read Next First Insight Partners With HSN to Identify Top-Performing Products Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Men's Guillaume Meilland Juggles Past, Present for Ferragamo Debut The designer will show his inaugural collection for Salvatore Ferragamo's men's wear on Jan. 15 in Milan. clock January 13, 2017 • Alessandra Turra Business Sarah Rutson to Resign From Net-a-porter.com Rutson, who had been with the company for two years, is known as a formidable business rainmaker, with sharp fashion instincts. clock January 12, 2017 • WWD Staff Business Carolina Herrera Ceo Said Exiting, According to Sources Francois Kress is said to be leaving the company, which recently settled a lawsuit with Oscar de la Renta and designer Laura Kim. clock January 13, 2017 • Evan Clark CES: Why Under Armour’s CEO Is Competing With Apple Kevin Plank aims to change consumer expectations for an athletic brand and stay ahead of present and potential competitors. By Maghan McDowell on January 7, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Kevin Plank, ceo, Under Armour. JOSHUA SCOTT LAS VEGAS — Under Armour is third in line to the athleticwear throne after Nike and Adidas, but in the race to be the leader, it’s competing with Apple and Samsung. “What if Apple or Samsung started making apparel and footwear? What would they do, and how do we beat them to it?” said company founder and chief executive officer Kevin Plank, who was making his case here in front of a room full of techies attending CES, the annual forward-looking conference that shows the next generation of gadgets. Plank shared highlights from the company’s history, starting with humble beginnings as a football player’s alternative to the classic cotton T-shirt. Plank said Under Armour belonged at the conference because “CES is about progress, about finding a better way, and that is the same philosophy we have been operating under for 20 years,” he said. “We have always been operating as a tech company.” Plank, who speaks in quick motivational sound bites that are reminiscent of Under Armour’s award-winning advertising campaigns, said his goal is to create products consumers didn’t know they needed, but that cause them to wonder how they ever lived without them. He made comparisons to the remote control and to smartphones, and introduced a number of new gadgets of his own. The first was the next generation of the company’s smart shoe, for which he brought out Michael Phelps to demonstrate its functionality. The sneaker gauges the wearer’s readiness to work out by measuring his or her performance after six jumps. The shoe signals with a green, yellow or red light, which allows the athlete to tailor a workout accordingly; after a night in Las Vegas, Phelps scored a yellow. Last year, Under Armour unveiled a running sneaker that automatically tracks and measures a workout — as Plank pointed out, a software-enabled shoe can be updated, just like a smartphone. He also introduced a line of sleepwear that aids in recovery and a corresponding sleep-tracking service called “Rest. Win. Repeat.” Under Armour created both with Tom Brady. Plank said he was as fired up about these new products as he was about the first T-shirt, in part because no one else was working in this space. Arianna Huffington joined him in introducing the products, calling sleep a non-negotiable performance enhancer. The sleep app is in addition to Under Armour’s family of apps, including workout tracker Map My Fitness and nutrition tracker My Fitness Pal, which help users quantify their life and provide the company with crucial data. Plank said that the company’s year-old Under Armour Record app had 194 million users, and that there were 2.6 billion workouts and activities logged in 2016. The My Fitness Pal and Map My Fitness acquisitions brought 300 engineers to Under Armour and Plank said the company is in the process of becoming digitized. Data is increasingly being seen as crucial for a company to react to a customer’s needs and Plank noted that 40 percent of Amazon’s sales are due to its recommendation engine. “Data is the new oil, and we are putting that concept at the center of the company.” He said he wanted Under Armour to do for fitness and wellness what Facebook has done for social media, what Amazon has done for Prime and what LinkedIn has done for business. “Consumer expectations for an athletic brand will change,” he said. “Under Armour is an athletic brand built on innovation.” You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. accessories ath-leisure shoes sporting goods Technology Under Armour Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Men's Milan Fashion Week Men’s Fall 2017 Designer Inspirations clock January 13, 2017 • Alessandra Turra Latest Galleries Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman Honored at Elle Women in TV Celebration Moncler Gamme Bleu Men’s Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: Milan Fashion Week Men’s Fall 2017 FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd Who's excited for Pitti Immagine Uomo day three? #theyarewearing (📷: @kukukuba) @wwd From our holiday gift guide: @annickgoutal_official Tenue de Soirée Eau de Parfum, @rebeccaminkoff gloves and @bloomingdales scarf. (📷: Bryan Edwards) @wwd From our holiday gift guide: @tommyhilfiger's #tommyxgigi sequin clutch, a @toryburch clutch and @hm heels. (📷: Bryan Edwards) @wwd Stumped on finding the perfect present? Our holiday gift guide's got you covered with 79 ultra chic gifts. (📷: @davidurbanke) #wwdfashion @wwd Queen of Hearts meets Eighties excess in @eliesaabworld's latest pre-fall lineup. #wwdfashion @wwd Fashion Man Hunt: Designers have been scammed out of thousands by a fraud stylist who goes by the name of Arnaud Henry Mensan. Get the full scoop at WWD.com. #wwdnews @wwd @csiriano presented pre-fall collection of mild contrasts: voluminous yet lightweight, chic yet wearable and separates made for evening. #prefall17 #wwdfashion @wwd Spotted: @emrata at @vincecamuto's all-girls dance party at The A-List in Beverly Hills. (📷: John Salangsang) #wwdeye @wwd WWD's Ultimate Holiday Gift Guide is brought to you by @styleontherise and is complete with the perfect presents for everyone on your list. Click the link in our bio to start shopping NOW. #WWDHoliday #Sponsored @wwd @mr.rutherford, one of the most sought-after faces in men's fashion right now, has a MAJOR announcement. Tune in on our Facebook Live at 12:30 pm EST to find out what it is. #wwdmens @wwd @rebeccaminkoff is bringing self-checkout to high fashion: The brand has partnered with @queuehop to bring its customers self-checkout options, beginning this holiday season at its SoHo store. (📷: @aurorarosephoto) #wwdnews @wwd Hear what @chanelofficial had to say about the iconic pink suit re-created for Natalie Portman in "Jackie." Click link in bio. #wwdeye @wwd @sofiarichie just made her @chanelofficial runway debut. See every look from @karllagerfeld's Métiers d'Art show at WWD.com. (📷: @giovanni_giannoni_photo) #wwdfashion @wwd @juliarestoinroitfeld is adding a distinctive French flair to NYC. The "It" girl and creative director is curating a holiday pop-up shop, Le Marché Bleu, to open in SoHo. #wwdnews @wwd This Just In: @barneysny names @marinalarroude, formerly with Teen Vogue, fashion director. Click link in bio for all the details. #wwdnews More From Our Brands Footwear News Kendrick Lamar Wanted His Box of Unfinished Fruity Pebbles Returned to Him 3h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Retail 20/20: New York – The New Store Experience 4w Ago Variety China Box Office: ‘Passengers’ Deposes ‘Rogue One’ After One Week 3h Ago BGR Take a VR tour of the White House with President Obama 7h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy My source of inspiration is Aamir Khan: Param Singh Keen on making more music for Bollywood: Raghu Dixit Business Standard Russia asks Apple, Google to remove LinkedIn from app stores IANS  |  Moscow  January 7, 2017 Last Updated at 17:24 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USaCLU ALSO READ Russia's government sees Rosneft stake sale a priority Improved US-Russia relation won't affect China-Russia engagement: Chinese media No sign of oil freeze at home as Russia meets OPEC Russia ready to support OPEC decision on output freeze - minister EXCLUSIVE: Russia's Mechel to complete debt restructuring by early 2017 - CFO Accusing LinkedIn of flouting local laws that require internet firms to store data on citizens within the nations borders, the Russian authorities have asked Apple and Google to remove the professional networking site app from their online stores. Recently, a Russian court blocked the Microsoft-owned LinkedIn service for breaching the country's data protection rules. According to The New York Times, Apple has confirmed that it was asked to remove its LinkedIn app in Russia about a month ago. "However, Google has not confirmed if it had removed LinkedIn in Russia but said that it adhered to Russian local laws," the report added. Meanwhile, LinkedIn responded that the company was "disappointed" with the decision by Russian regulators to block the service. "It denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses," Nicole Leverich, a spokeswoman for LinkedIn, was quoted as saying. LinkedIn has several million users in Russia. Earlier this week, Apple removed the New York Times from its app store following a request from Chinese authorities claiming the app was in violation of regulations. China is known for banning digital sites like Facebook and Google that it believes harm its national security or promote misinformation. The Wall Street Journal's Chinese-language site has been blocked since 2014. --IANS qd/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Russia PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Russia asks Apple, Google to remove LinkedIn from app stores Accusing LinkedIn of flouting local laws that require internet firms to store data on citizens within the nations borders, the Russian authorities have asked Apple and Google to remove the professional networking site app from their online stores. Accusing LinkedIn of flouting local laws that require internet firms to store data on citizens within the nations borders, the Russian authorities have asked Apple and Google to remove the professional networking site app from their online stores. Recently, a Russian court blocked the Microsoft-owned LinkedIn service for breaching the country's data protection rules. According to The New York Times, Apple has confirmed that it was asked to remove its LinkedIn app in Russia about a month ago. "However, Google has not confirmed if it had removed LinkedIn in Russia but said that it adhered to Russian local laws," the report added. Meanwhile, LinkedIn responded that the company was "disappointed" with the decision by Russian regulators to block the service. "It denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses," Nicole Leverich, a spokeswoman for LinkedIn, was quoted as saying. LinkedIn has several million users in Russia. Earlier this week, Apple removed the New York Times from its app store following a request from Chinese authorities claiming the app was in violation of regulations. China is known for banning digital sites like Facebook and Google that it believes harm its national security or promote misinformation. The Wall Street Journal's Chinese-language site has been blocked since 2014. --IANS qd/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Russia asks Apple, Google to remove LinkedIn from app stores Accusing LinkedIn of flouting local laws that require internet firms to store data on citizens within the nations borders, the Russian authorities have asked Apple and Google to remove the professional networking site app from their online stores. Recently, a Russian court blocked the Microsoft-owned LinkedIn service for breaching the country's data protection rules. According to The New York Times, Apple has confirmed that it was asked to remove its LinkedIn app in Russia about a month ago. "However, Google has not confirmed if it had removed LinkedIn in Russia but said that it adhered to Russian local laws," the report added. Meanwhile, LinkedIn responded that the company was "disappointed" with the decision by Russian regulators to block the service. "It denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses," Nicole Leverich, a spokeswoman for LinkedIn, was quoted as saying. LinkedIn has several million users in Russia. Earlier this week, Apple removed the New York Times from its app store following a request from Chinese authorities claiming the app was in violation of regulations. China is known for banning digital sites like Facebook and Google that it believes harm its national security or promote misinformation. The Wall Street Journal's Chinese-language site has been blocked since 2014. --IANS qd/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Pixel 2: What Google smartphones really need to mix it up with the competition Here are the top features Google Pixel 2 needs to succeed Sami Khan   January 7, 2017 19:57 IST Google PixelScreenshot from Google Play Store Google put an end to the Nexus-era last year by beginning the reign of its Pixel series. The Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones were lauded for their hardware, design and software, especially the deep AI integration. Read: Smartphones we simply cannot wait to see in 2017: iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy X, OnePlus 4 Since Google has taken control of the manufacturing process of its Android smartphone line, there are a lot of expectations from the web giant. The new Pixel series did live up to the expectations of many, but the phones lacked some essentials to compete against the likes of Apple and Samsung. The year 2017 will be the year for many tech companies to launch their new flagships. Samsung, for instance, will begin the race with its Galaxy S8 around MWC 2017 next month, followed by several other OEMs such as LG, OnePlus and the rest. Apple will finally conclude the year on a high note with the most-anticipated launch of the iPhone 8 series. Amidst all this, Google will steal some limelight again this year with the successor of Pixel and Pixel XL, and there will be a lot of people waiting to see what Google brings to the table. First of all, Google will need to consider some serious upgrades to stay on par with its closest rivals in the premium smartphone race. Below are the upgrades worth considering for the Pixel 2.... Waterproofing is essential With Apple and Samsung offering water- and dust-proofing for their flagships, it is essential Google ups the ante this year with its Pixel 2 smartphones. The Pixel 2 is most likely to offer IPS67 certification, upgrading from IP58, which is only valid for splashes instead of a full dip. 2K display to match rivals Well, it was surprising to see Google offer a Full HD display on the Pixel while offering 2K resolution for its Pixel XL phone. We would like to see Google make 2K screens standard for the Pixel 2 regardless of the size as most companies are offering it in premium flagships, take Samsung Galaxy S7 series for example. Dual camera will iron out many pixels Samsung is still not offering a dual camera setup, but it is likely to bring its best game this year. Apple has already made an example of its iPhone 7 Plus. Now it is up to Google to match its rivals. We strongly hope the Pixel 2 will feature dual camera with advanced imaging capabilities like AR. VR gaming will be a thing in 2017 Thanks to Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, VR gaming on flagship phones will be a lot easier. Google has an advantage over its rivals with its Daydream View, which offers advanced VR capabilities. We hope to see a second-gen Daydream View headset launch alongside Pixel 2, along with some compatible games this year. Hardware bump To round it off, Google will need a stronger spec-sheet. Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 CPU, 6GB RAM (minimum) and a better optimised battery will certainly be a welcome move by Google. Related Huawei partners Amazon to integrate Mate 9 with Alexa voice UI Google's India outreach: CEO Sundar Pichai goes back to college Galaxy X vs iPhone 8: Samsung to launch foldable mobile to take on Apple's anniversary iPhone series Also read What will Apple launch in 2017? iPhone 8, iPad Air 3, Watch 3 and more in the offing Apple to start manufacturing iPhones in Bengaluru from April 2017 Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Asus Zenfone 3 Max hands-on full review 16 hours ago By Rohit KVN Automation: How new age machine will replace you and which sectors will be hit hard 17 hours ago By Deependra Jha Editor's Pick Around 2.8 crore cases pending due to shortage of judges in district courts: Report 10 unquotable quotes by Navjot Singh Sidhu Why advertise with us? most popular Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Moto Z Play confirmed Motorola Germany has confirmed in a tweet that Moto Z Play would get Android 7.0 Nougat update soon. Xiaomi Note 4 tipped to release in India next week via Flipkart Unlike the Chinese Redmi Note 4 variant, which houses MediaTek Helio X20 processor, the India-bound Xiaomi phablet model is reported to be equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU and goes on sale exclusively via Flipkart. Moto G5 tipped to make its debut at MWC 2017 Lenovo-owned Moto is expected launch Nokia 6-rival Moto G5 series on February 26, a day before MWC 2017, Barcelona. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) launch imminent as it hits Geekbench Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) has been seen with model number SM-J727P on Geekbench site and comes with 2GB RAM. Here are the cheats for the new Toddlers update in Sims 4 Sims 4 has a new big update, called Toddlers. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro arrives but not Galaxy C5 Pro: Will it be released in India? The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro has appeared on Samsung's Chinese website and it is expected to begin pre-orders on January 16. WWE 2K17 will be available on PC on February 7 WWE 2K17 has already been released on consoles. Asus Zenfone 3 Max hands-on full review Build quality, battery life and camera are key aspects of Asus Zenfone 3 Max Photo Gallery Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Salman Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput and others spotted at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Russia requires LinkedIn be removed from Google, Apple app stores - Irish Sun Issue 016/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Russia requires LinkedIn be removed from Google, Apple app stores PanArmenian.Net Saturday 7th January, 2017 PanARMENIAN.Net - Smartphone users in Russia can no longer download the LinkedIn app on iPhone or Android devices, following a similar move in China to block The New York Times app on iPhones. The demand by Russian authorities to remove LinkedIn in Apple and Google app stores comes weeks after a court blocked the professional networking service for flouting local laws that require internet firms to store data on Russian citizens within the nation's borders, The New York Times reports. The action puts Apple and Google in a difficult position. The companies are strong proponents of open internet policies and free speech but are now being asked to be agents for governments that censor its citizens. When LinkedIn's website was blocked, the apps stopped functioning properly. Removing them from the Google Play store and Apple's App Store may not have cut off access to content, but it sent a signal that countries can push the tech giants to remove the apps. Direct blocking of websites has been done by China, Russia, Turkey and several other nations for years, usually through their state-run internet service providers. But civil rights groups say the pressure authoritarian governments are now placing on Apple and Google is a new wrinkle. "Apps are the new choke point of free expression," said Rebecca MacKinnon, who leads a project on open internet tracking at New America. Increasingly, United States tech companies are complying with those demands. In the early 2000s, American internet firms strongly pushed back on demands by China to comply with censorship rules within the country's internet controls, known as the Great Firewall. Recently, Facebook has been working on a censorship tool to be able to access China, where it is currently blocked along with Twitter and Google. LinkedIn, which is owned by Microsoft, said it was "disappointed" with the decision by Russian regulators to block the service, which the company confirmed was extended to apps in Russian Apple and Google Play stores. "It denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses," said Nicole Leverich, a spokeswoman for LinkedIn. Apple confirmed it was asked to remove its LinkedIn app in Russia about a month ago. It has also confirmed it was asked by China to block The New York Times app, but declined to comment further on both events. Google would not confirm it has removed LinkedIn in Russia but said it adheres to local laws in the countries in which it operates. More nations have enforced their own internet laws in recent years. Turkey intermittently blocks social media, such as during the attempted government coup last summer. It has also forced YouTube to remove content it considers disparaging of its modern-day founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk. European nations have also drawn up their own privacy laws and in 2014 a court declared its citizens could demand internet companies like Google unlink information about users upon request. Tech companies and civil rights advocates warn that the increasing push by nations to create their own internet rules will Balkanize the internet and potentially lead to privacy violations and the stifling of political dissent. Other countries, however, criticize Silicon Valley and the United States government for setting the norms and rules for the internet. "Internet free speech and internet freedom are increasingly under attack all over the globe, and not just from authoritarian regimes," said Robert M. McDowell, a former member of the Federal Communications Commission and partner at Cooley law firm. "It appears to be a one-way ratchet with speech control getting tighter." LinkedIn has several million users in Russia, it said. In November, a Russian court ruled that the professional networking site broke local laws that require foreign internet firms to keep their servers holding information on Russian accounts within the nation. Most American internet companies in Russia operate in violation of the law, but without explanation, Russian regulators at a body known as Roskomnadzor took the rare step of enforcing its rules. The Russian regulators could not be immediately reached for comment. The action came at a tense moment in Russian-United States relations related to cyber affairs. Russia has been accused of hacking into American accounts, including the Democratic National Committee, to try to influence the presidential election. American intelligence officials concluded in a declassified report released on Friday that the president of Russia, Vladimir V. Putin, ordered the campaign. Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each DUBLIN, Ireland - With epic rock band, U2 set to perform at a concert in Croke Park in July this year - a flurry of activity has been witnessed around ticket sales already.  Tickets are set to go on sale officially from tomorrow - however, a day before the official sales begin, tickets to watch the band perform live are already being sold and for nothing less than a whopping 900 euros each.  According to reports, fans that subscribed to the band’s official website were granted access to a pre-sale ticket portal last week and industry sources revealed that diehard fans with access to these tickets have chosen to sell them for a profit.  A set of tickets are said to have become available on official and black market websites since last week.  Tickets available currently on websites like Seatwave and Viagogo are being sold at prices higher than face value.  Officially, tickets for the Lower Davin Stand and pitch area of Croke Park have been priced at 76 euros, along with an extra charge of 3.30 euros for agent fees. Meanwhile, those in other parts of the Cusack and Hogan stands carry a value between 110 euros to 186 euros. But on these websites, the prices have been jacked up.   As of Sunday night, Seatwave, that is run by Ticketmaster, had advertised for 650 tickets that were available for sale.  Reports pointed ut that a pair of tickets was sold at 2,070 euros over the weekend and was for the standing section. It included extra charges and was priced at 13 times above face value.  A spokesperson for Ticketmaster defended the sale in a statement that said that Seatwave prices were set by the person selling the tickets and not the company. The spokesperson said, “The thing about Seatwave is that it is a safe and secure market so tickets would be genuine. The ticket prices are set by the seller, which in this instance is not Ticketmaster, but that price may not necessarily be secured by the seller. Ticketmaster is just facilitating the sale." Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each DUBLIN, Ireland - With epic rock band, U2 set to perform at a concert in ... Man in his 20s remains in critical state after being injured in street assault WICKLOW, Ireland - A man, believed to be in his 20s was gravely injured in ... No. 20 Irish go to 5-0 in ACC Notre Dame guard Steve Vasturia scored 20 points and the 20th-ranked Irish took over sole ... Ireland's issues deepen with Afghanistan defeat and ball-by-ball details Ireland's woes in the T20 format continued as they were no match for ... Irish economy, State’s finances rapidly improving, credit rating firm Fitch claims DUBLIN, Ireland - Leading credit rating firm, Fitch has maintained its A rating on Ireland ... Second case of bird flu confirmed in Ireland SIPTU will ballot Dublin Fire Brigade members for strike action Female post-office worker assaulted in raid by violent and armed gang Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each Man in his 20s remains in critical state after being injured in street assault No. 20 Irish go to 5-0 in ACC Ireland's issues deepen with Afghanistan defeat Irish economy, State’s finances rapidly improving, credit rating firm Fitch claims More Ireland News Breaking International News Australian billionaire implicated in latest Israeli prime minister corruption probe U.S. likely to continue 'carrot and stick policy' with Pakistan under Trump Trump Scolds Civil Rights Icon Lewis, Days Before MLK Holiday Nissan starts testing autonomous cars in London next month How the optimism of Obama's speech was its own kind of resistance to Trump More Breaking International News Breaking Business News UK prepared to play hardball in breaking with European Union Nissan starts testing autonomous cars in London next month Iran refutes reports of storing crude oil on water SpaceX launches, lands rocket for first time since September blast Japan and Australia agree to hold joint military training and exercises More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Amri Yahyah to make difference for Melaka United says CB Khair Jones Liverpool withdraw Joel Matip from Man United game due to FIFA eligibility issue Mauro Icardi stars as Inter Milan come back to beat Chievo Watford fail to sparkle as fans honour memory of Graham Taylor Crystal Palace defence dismal in heavy West Ham loss More Europe Sports News Dublin News U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each Man in his 20s remains in critical state after being injured in street assault No. 20 Irish go to 5-0 in ACC Ireland's issues deepen with Afghanistan defeat Irish economy, State’s finances rapidly improving, credit rating firm Fitch claims More Dublin News Economics News Britain Hints at a Brexit Negotiating Strategy Sri Lankas mega port city poised to change face of Colombo Demonetisation fallout ATM makers get a big boost in new orders Yemeni and UAE troops head north paper China Vietnam agree to manage differences on South China Sea More Economics News Belfast News Graeme Storm beats Rory McIlroy to win SA Cup Notebook McIlroy likely to sit out 2020 Olympics Exeter Chiefs keep European hopes alive with narrow win over Ulster by five tries to three at Sandy Park Cardiff Devils 2-3 Belfast Giants Coach Andrew Lord demands reaction from players as capacity crowd are stunned into silence IRS eases relief rules for botched IRA rollovers More Belfast News Breaking Internet News Possible interception of WhatsApp’s encrypted messages rakes up controversy Trump Says Democrats Most Angry That Working Class Voted for Him Centre to install new grievance redressal mechanism for army personnel Jawans complaining on social media can create divide within armed forces Security analyst Taiwan President Connects to Twitter During Sensitive US Stopover More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Building a Low-Level Trie With Rust The Need for Automation Testing What’s New in MongoDB 3.4 Running Mission-Critical Applications Walking Through Bluemix Videos Sitecore Unlocks Content Commerce Disconnect in Latest Release More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Nissan starts testing autonomous cars in London next month Iran refutes reports of storing crude oil on water UN Data Forum opens in South Africa to harness power of data for sustainable development Zimbabwe Lawmakers Target Diaper Companies to Deal with Trash Public Health Problem Step down and avoid unnecessary bloodbath Gambias Jammeh told More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español 10 ways the iPhone changed everything The world is a different place a decade after Apple introduced its popular smartphone -- in both good and bad ways. James Martin/CNET Mobile by Shara Tibken January 7, 2017 5:00 AM PST @sharatibken Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Apple unveiled the first iPhone on Jan. 9, 2007. Photo by James Martin/CNET Ten years ago, Nokia was the world's largest phone maker. Microsoft was gearing up to launch Windows Vista. And the best new products at CES included a wireless TV and an MP3 player that streamed internet radio. Then, on Jan. 9, 2007, Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled a device that went on to change the world -- a $499 iPhone that came with 4GB of storage. It was a mobile phone, a music player and an Internet device. "iPhone is a revolutionary and magical product that is literally five years ahead of any other mobile phone," Jobs said at the time. Since then, Apple has sold more than 1.2 billion iPhones and has become the most profitable public company in the world. Copycat phones from companies like Samsung, HTC, Motorola and Xiaomi proliferated across the globe, and now even people in places without steady electricity have smartphones. "It's difficult to understate [the iPhone's] impact," Reticle Research analyst Ross Rubin said. "The ripples it has created affect wide swaths of our lives." Here are some ways the iPhone has changed the way we live: 1. We're always on It used to be you'd fire up your computer, wait for your Wi-Fi to connect (or your dialup connection, if we're going wayyy back) and open Internet Explorer, Safari or some other web browser. Now you're connected to the internet all the time. If you're not on Wi-Fi, you're linked through your cellular network. It's not just inescapable connectivity that the iPhone helped bring about. It's also how we actually access the internet. The iPhone made mobile web browsing useful for the first time. Every other mobile web browser before that was painful, in the words of CNET's Kent German. Soon came a flood of apps, which removed the need to open a web browser at all. 2. Tablets, watches and headphones, oh my Multiple devices are either tied to the iPhone or exist because the phone was created. There's the iPad, essentially a larger iPhone you use at home. And there's the Apple Watch, which is tethered to the iPhone. 18 The iPhone and the gadgets it laid to rest Then there are all the accessories spurred by the popularity of the iPhone, like phone cases; Bluetooth speakers and headphones; and charging docks. ABI Research estimates that revenue in the global mobile accessories market will top $110 billion in 2021. "Given users' attachment to their smartphones and their wants and needs to personalize and protect them, the aftermarket mobile accessories market is showing no signs of slowing down," ABI analyst Marina Lu said. 3. The key to appiness You may not remember this now, but Apple's first iPhone didn't have such a thing as third-party apps or the App Store. That changed in July 2008, when Apple introduced the iPhone 3G and its iPhone 2.0 software. The App Store is what made the iPhone a must-have device. There are now more than 2 million apps in the App Store, with essentially every company making one or more apps. And the iPhone and App Store have spawned industries that couldn't exist without smartphones. There'd be no Uber or Lyft to shuttle us from place to place, for instance, or Instagram or Snapchat for sharing our photos. What it was like when the first iPhone launched Ten years ago, Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone at Macworld. What was it like to see the announcement live and to own an original iPhone? We take a walk down memory lane to 2007. 4:15 Close Drag 4. Everyone's a shutterbug Sure, we had cameras on our phones before the iPhone. But the Apple gadget's combination of easy internet access and apps like Instagram inspired people's inner photographer. As a result, lugging around an actual camera became redundant. "We as a species take more pictures than we ever had in the past by an order of magnitude," Current Analysis analyst Avi Greengart said. 5. Livin' live The phone's camera also means you have a portable camcorder (remember those?) at your fingertips. And on top of that, the phone's connection lets you broadcast video immediately. That could mean talking to your family members on the other side of the country or shooting a cat video for YouTube. Or, thanks to services like Facebook Live or Periscope, the technology can be used for filming police brutality or instantly reporting something you've seen. On the flip side, having these smart devices on us at all times lets law enforcement and corporations (like the makers of those apps on your phone) track us. Apple has taken a strong stance on privacy, but security remains a big concern for users. 6. Putting the digits in digital Touchscreens once were rare. Now babies are swiping at TVs and wondering why the screen doesn't change. Interactive screens are in virtually everything, even refrigerators. When Jobs introduced the iPhone, he said, "We are all born with the ultimate pointing device -- our fingers -- and iPhone uses them to create the most revolutionary user interface since the mouse." He was more right than he could imagine. The appeal of a touchscreen phone forced Microsoft to embrace touch in its software and get its hardware partners to make touchscreen phones, tablets and computers. It's almost surprising to see a device today without a touchscreen (though Apple maintains it won't be putting touchscreens in its Mac computers). 7. You are here The introduction of mapping on the iPhone meant you no longer had to feel like an embarrassed tourist in a new city, clutching a giant paper map on the street corner. Google Maps and Apple Maps are two of the most-used apps on the iPhone, and they've steadily added features over the years, like public transit directions. The first iPhone had only 4GB of storage. Photo by James Martin/CNET 8. Gaming goes to the next level The iPhone reinvented the idea of mobile gaming. Apps like Angry Birds, that anyone could play using their fingers on the touchscreen, became hugely popular, and payment models changed. Many games are now free to play -- instead of charging a sales price, developers came up with the idea of in-app purchases, which let you pay for new levels and features as you go. Seven of the top 10 grossing iPhone apps are games, like Pokemon Go, according to market tracker App Annie. 9. Cash ain't king Apple wasn't the first company to talk about mobile payments, but it did make even your grandma aware of the technology, which lets you use your phone to purchase things. Goodbye, cash. Hello, iPhone. The iPhone's Wallet app also can store retail coupons, reward cards, and passes for flights and movies, all in one place. Cash isn't dead yet -- there still are many places that don't take mobile payments -- but using your phone at the checkout stand is more common than ever. 10. But wait -- there's more There's no way to sum up all that the iPhone did in just 10 points. So here's a grab bag of additional stuff. Apple basically killed Adobe Flash on mobile devices and made endless scrolling a very good thing. You never have to carry a calculator or flashlight anymore, and visual voicemail lets you easily skip forward in a meandering message. Podcasts mean you don't have to listen to the radio in real time -- and they give you new options, such as the hit show "Serial." Social media has also shifted heavily to mobile devices from desktop computers, letting people feel connected to friends at all times. Facebook said that in its most recent quarter, roughly 84 percent of its $6.82 billion in ad revenue came from mobile ads. At the same time, the iPhone has been linked to the rise in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and short attention spans in kids. Governments use mobile devices to spy on their citizens, and consumers give up a lot of personal information in exchange for services like Uber rides. But even with the negatives, don't try to take someone's iPhone away. Please leave some of your thoughts in the comments section on how the iPhone has changed the way you live. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Read about it here. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Tech Industry Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 15 Apple tries to prove your AirPods won't fall out Jan 13 CNET UK podcast 511: Wafer thin TVs and why Ron Swanson would destroy Vegas Jan 13 Tablets built for Netflix and chill (among other things) Jan 12 Apple MacBook Pro now gets thumbs-up from Consumer Reports All Apple Stories Related Stories Former Android chief ready to take on the iPhone -- again How to play the Nintendo Switch before it's released Snapchat's new search bar wants to make app easier to navigate App Store users can bring antitrust lawsuit against Apple Close   Discuss: 10 ways the iPhone changed everything Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
M³ BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Just give up: 123456 is still the world's most popular password Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Flight 666 lands safely in HEL on Friday the 13th Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Do containers stack up as data storage building blocks? Quantum: Well, would you look at that. We've made some money! A deduping backup target startup going public – who'd a thought it? Brexit contributes to backup appliance sales fall Aaarrgh, zombie! Dead Apple iOS monopoly lawsuit is reanimated Hadoop hurler Hortonworks votes Tibco veteran for president Opera scolds stale browsers with shocking Neon experiment D-Wave goes public with open-source quantum-classical hybrid software Just give up: 123456 is still the world's most popular password Promising compsci student sold key-logger, infects 16,000 machines, pleads guilty, faces jail US Marines seek more than a few good men (3,000 men and women, actually) for cyber-war Playpen child sex abuse archive admin gets 20 years in the Big House Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM IT spending to soar a whopping 2.7 per cent, says ball-rubber Gartner IT ops doesn't matter. Really? Continuous Lifecycle London: First speakers announced Trello, hello, hello: Todo list biz gobbled by Atlassian for $425m Splunk: Why we dumped Perforce for Atlassian's Bitbucket of Gits CloudByte chews on Elastistor, sinks teeth into OpenEBS Policy The Channel Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Canada fines Amazon seven hours of profit for false advertising FCC's Wheeler gives passionate defense of net neutrality rules Strike day struck off as Fujitsu and Unite negotiate job cuts Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Nintendo pulls the Switch, fires Joy-con at Microsoft and Sony Smart fingerprint padlock startup to $320k backers: Sorry for the radio silence Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms SPB Geek's Guide Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Boffins turn timid mice into psycho killers – by firing lasers into brains You know what, maybe Tabby's star ate a planet, ponder space eggheads MIT brainiacs wrangle 2D graphene into super-strong 3D art homework Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI shoves all in: DeepStack, Libratus poker bots battle Texas Hold 'em pros heads up Microsoft swallows up AI language biz Maluuba Uber, Apple, Amazon and Sully Sullenberger walk into a bar – er, self-driving car committee Drone biz Lily Robotics takes $34m in pre-orders, ships nothing, shuts down, gets sued by San Francisco DA Verity Stob Flight 666 lands safely in HEL on Friday the 13th Mr Angry pays taxman with five wheelbarrows worth of loose change Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff Clone wars: Wrestler sues Microsoft over Gears of War character More like this Electronics Ces Personal Tech CES 2017 roundup: The good, the bad, and the frankly bonkers What happens in Vegas should really, really, really stay in Vegas 7 Jan 2017 at 13:16, Iain Thomson Pics It's that time of year again, when over 100,000 people cram into the Las Vegas Convention Center to show off the latest in consumer electronics gizmos, make deals, and exchange interesting viruses to get the inevitable conference cough. This year's CE has been about par for the course – dull keynotes, some interesting gadgets and a hell of a lot of dross. We've taken a look at some of these to save you traveling to the fetid hell that is Las Vegas. The good AirBar: One of the most consistent complaints Apple fans have had about the new MacBooks (besides the poor spec, high price, and lack of upgradability) is that they have no touchscreens. Now, however, Apple and PC owners can add touchscreen capabilities with AirBar, a nifty little device that sits under a laptop screen and scans upwards for finger gestures. It's a cheap and cheerful way of adding a function many people want. There is a hitch – it uses USB 2.0, so Apple fans will still have to get a converter to USB Type-C for the latest MacBook line. But it's a cunning invention that is unobtrusive and very useful. Samsung Chromebook Plus: With Chromebooks gaining ground slowly but steadily, Samsung has unveiled a couple of new models, but it's the Plus that really caught our eye. It's got a lot of power under the hood, a 12.3-inch touchscreen HD display, supports stylus use, and is double-jointed so that it can pass as a tablet. It can also run Android apps within the Chrome OS, albeit sometimes with limited functionality. But if you're a Chromebook fan it's well worth a look. Alexa on Smartphones: Amazon's personal assistant Alexa might only be sitting in the Echo at the moment, but that will change. Huawei was the first smartphone manufacturer to build Alexa into a smartphone with its Mate 9, but it won't be the last. The technology will be going up against Siri on iOS and Google's Assistant, and its success is by no means certain. But enough people seem to like Alexa and more competition in this sphere is always welcome. Alexa on mobile may be another Fire-like failure, but Amazon's making a serious play and may pull off popularity. Willow breast pump: At first sight this was heading for the bad category – tech bros telling women how to manage their feeding – but after having talked to some mothers, it looks like rather a good idea. Conventional breast pumps are clumsy and cumbersome devices. The Willow is quiet, can be worn while doing other things, and expresses a baby's nutrition without inconveniencing the mother. The firm will make a lot of money from the consumables (plastic milk bags and sterile tubes), but the idea is a good one and should prove valuable. The Bad Autonomous cars: Various motor manufacturers have been showing off their autonomous vehicles and the results have been very mixed. Faraday unveiled its electric supercar, and we're a tad cynical about the whole thing. It's likely to have the lifespan of a snowflake in a blast furnace. Other manufacturers will probably have longer lifespans, but it's still very early days for the self-driving car. Certain functions have been added but we're a long way from never having to drive the commute, and that's assuming legal and liability issues can be worked out. Acer Predator 21X: OK, we all know gamers pay over the odds for a good gaming laptop, but Acer is asking $9,000 for the 21X and that's more than a touch too much. Yes it has a curved screen, and plenty of grunt under the hood. But bring one of these to a gaming convention and everyone's going to be wondering who has more money than sense – and it won’t be hard to spot the suspects. Yes, gamers spend money. But come on Acer, don't take the piss. Artificial intelligence: It seems as though everyone has a product claiming to have AI built in – but that's not how it works. It's possible to get an intelligent system if you have the processing power and data-handling capabilities, but too many people at CES seem to think that putting a low level of predictive software in something makes it the equivalent of HAL. We've seen people claiming to have AI smartwatches, for goodness sake. If the IT industry wants to avoid AI becoming nothing more than a buzzword, it needs to pull itself together and stop over-egging the pudding. VR/AR: We had hoped to see some real advances on the virtual and augmented reality front, but there was precious little to be seen. Lenovo had a lowish-cost headset (pictured), but it's very much a me-too device along the lines of Oculus or HTC. There was little added in here to really excite users. There were plenty of startups showing off prototype VR/AR devices but it's unlikely that many of them will see the light of day in a commercial setting. It seems we'll have to wait a little longer for a bold, new, virtual future. Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Next page: And now, the Bonkers Page: 1 2 Next → Tips and corrections 127 Comments More from The Register Seagate laying off 2,217 employees Closing China's disk drive manufacturing plant 8 Comments WD gets flash boom bang from SanDisk swallow +Comment Storage stalwart flashes past lumbering Seagate 2 Comments SK Hynix and Seagate exploring flash hookup +Comment Product, meet devs and distro... right? 2 Comments Seagate plans to bring down the 16TB HAMR... soon(er) Analysis Salt Lake City SC16 booth talk at Steve Luczo’s company 7 Comments Drones will be able to carry 120GB footage of you in the shower if Seagate has its way Collaboration with UAV makers DJI will fit the buggers with cavernous storage 89 Comments Seagate has a flash early Xmas present for Xbox gamers External drive doubles console capacity and loads titles faster 15 Comments Whitepapers The 2016 study on the insecurity of privileged users For purposes of this research, privileged users include database administrators, network engineers, IT security practitioners and cloud custodians 5 Steps to Good Governance Why it should be done efficiently and seamlessly, so that employees can focus on more exciting goals—innovative, business-growing goals The value of content APIs in modern application development Platform as a service (PaaS) originally referred to programming environments that allowed the construction and operation of applications on the Web. Mapping the Demands of Real-World Apps - One IO at a Time Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Most read Trump's cyber-guru Giuliani runs ancient 'easily hackable website' New Windows 10 privacy controls: Just a little snooping – or the max Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff US Navy runs into snags with aircraft carrier's electric plane-slingshot Dell EMC lifts the post-acquisition axe, swings Spotlight Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms How Apple exploded Europe's crony capitalism Too much landfill, too little purpose: CES 2017 Mattel's parenting takeover continues with Alexa-like dystopia Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel Microsoft sued by staff traumatized by child sex abuse vids stashed on OneDrive accounts Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 1/7/2017 7:15 AM Apple App Store breaks record Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Apple rang in the New Year with some good news: the first day of 2017 marked the highest daily sales ever for App Stores. David Paul Morris/Bloomberg   Karen Turner The Washington Post     Apple rang in the New Year with some good news: the first day of 2017 marked the highest daily sales ever for App Stores. The company took in $240 million from app purchases on Jan. 1 through its app platform App Store, according to a news release published Thursday. That's after a year of record-breaking subscriptions and downloads, "generating over $20 billion for developers," the company said. Apple's App Store got about half of the downloads of its main competitor Google Play in 2016, yet it brought in twice the revenue in the third quarter, according to app analytics firm App Annie. The numbers were similar for the rest of 2016. Apple also saw an uptick in subscription billings, a 74 percent increase from last year that came in at $2.7 billion total. One reason might be the relative affluence of Apple iPhone owners compared to Android users given the higher price of their devices, which typically correlates with higher spending, said Danielle Levitas, senior vice president of research at App Annie. "I think the most surprising thing is just how strong Apple's revenue lead is and how it continues to beat the market's growth," Levitas said. She added that the kinds of apps published on the platform range from games to e-commerce, entertainment, and banking, meaning that a wide breadth of companies are gaining exposure. "It's not just about app store revenue but rather increased engagement with apps in terms of time spent." Sales in China, Japan, the United States and the United Kingdom brought in the most revenue for the App Store. Downloads from Chinese users in particular boomed, increasing by 90 percent from last year, according to Apple. That's despite slowing device sales, MarketWatch reported. Pokémon Go was the most downloaded app last year. Other popular downloads included Super Mario Run as well as subscription based apps such as Netflix and HBO Go. Last year's introduction of iMessage apps, directly integrated into iOS's messaging platform to allow users to send stickers and play games via chat, accounted for 21,000 new apps on App Store. "The fact that Apple continues to grow its installed base and gain dollars per user is very impressive," said Levitas. Related Article Apple bosses see pay drop in 2016; CEO Tim Cook reaps $145M   Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News This is the iPod-inspired iPhone interface that could have been This is the iPod-inspired iPhone interface that could have been By David Nield Mobile phones   The iPhone clickwheel Shares We're rapidly coming up on the tenth anniversary of the original iPhone, the phone that completely changed the mobile landscape in 2007 - physical keyboards were out, touchscreens were in, and now everyone sells iPhone-style handsets. However, the look of the iPhone could've been very different based on new mock-up images posted by Apple insider Sonny Dickson. They show an on-screen clickwheel taking up the lower half of the screen, with an 'Acorn OS' interface on top. Don't forget that the iPod was a revolutionary product long before the iPhone came along, and the audio player's success was largely down to that intuitive clickwheel that made browsing through thousands of songs a breeze. It would seem the same look was under serious consideration for Apple's first smartphone. It's not clear whether the iPhone clickwheel would've been a software one, as shown here - Apple may have been planning to use a physical wheel, as on the iPod, when it came to actually manufacturing units. "Not much else is known about the device, apart from the fact that it differs heavily from the iPhone we know today, and that very few units running 'Acorn OS' exist, with most of them likely being destroyed by Apple, a company in which there is a specific job role in relation to the destruction of prototypes," writes Dickson. He points to an old patent filed in 2006 as evidence of the prototype's authenticity. While most would say Apple made the right choice with the full-screen OS that it eventually went with, it's interesting to see the different ideas that were being explored at the time the very first iPhone went on sale. iPhone through the ages: just how much has it changed? Tags iPhone iPod Related news Top 5 best document management systems Oculus co-founder reveals the future of VR at CES 2017 CES 2017: All the news, reviews and videos from the massive Las Vegas tech show Huawei: smartwatches need more features to be popular See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Virgin Media Super Hub 3 review 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Best cheap phones 2017: our top budget mobiles 1 Are these videos a sneak preview of the Samsung Galaxy S8? 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 All the Nintendo Switch games coming at launch and beyond 4 MacBook Pro earns Consumer Reports recommendation after battery bug fix 5 Your Apple Watch becomes a mini Macintosh with this charging stand TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Ben Heck's Xbox One S laptop Next 'Titanfall 2' update mostly ignores the Titans Windows 10 is about to get a high-performance Game Mode Latest in Entertainment PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games 4h ago View The Morning After: Weekend Edition 01.14.17 View Lucasfilm says it has 'no plans' for a digital Carrie Fisher 01.13.17 View Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is stepping down 01.13.17 View Image credit: Gabe Ginsberg/Getty Images save Save share Streaming topped all forms of US music consumption in 2016 More songs were streamed per day than downloads for the entire year. Steve Dent, @stevetdent 01.07.17 in AV Comments 482 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Gabe Ginsberg/Getty Images Remember in early 2013 when Apple hit 25 billion iTune song downloads? And Tim Cook said it took Sony 30 years to sell 220,000 Walkmans? Well, fast-forward just under four years, and Nielsen has revealed that Americans streamed 431 billion songs in 2016 alone, surpassing total digital sales of songs and albums for the first time in history. "The landscape is evolving even more quickly than we have seen with other format shifts," said Nielsen SVP David Bakula. In fact, folks in the US streamed more songs per day (1.2 billion) than the 734 million that were downloaded during the entire year, the ratings company said. As with similar increases in the UK, streaming increased 76 percent from last year, a figure that helped the music industry grow a solid three percent over 2015. Major streaming sites, especially Spotify and Apple Music, also saw dramatic subscriber boosts. The music industry continues to grow at a healthy rate, and 2016 showed us that the landscape is evolving even more quickly than we have seen with other format shifts. Six songs alone, including Desiigner's "Panda" and Rihanna's "Work," accounted for 500 million total on-demand streams. Drake led everyone by a long way, however, with 5.4 billion total streams, and also sold the most digital songs and albums. A big part of the increase is because of Hip-hop and R&B, genres that accounted for 22 percent of music consumption, but a disproportionate 28 percent of streams. Rounding out the good news, physical album sales also increased as a share of total album sales for the first time in a decade, and vinyl sales hit 13 million -- the most since 1991, the year Nirvana's Nevermind came out. The latter stats are the most surprising, as you'd expect physical album sales to be on a strong downward curve, and that's clearly not the case. Despite warnings from the RIAA, it seems that having a better alternative to piracy has not only increased industry profits, but passion for music overall. Via: Pitchfork Source: Neilsen In this article: AudioStreaming, av, DigitalSales, Downloads, entertainment, Music, MusicIndustry, Nielsen 482 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 19m 19m ago in Politics Virginia bill would effectively ban city-run broadband Not surprisingly, cable companies are behind it. By J. Fingas,  19m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Robots Canada may have delivery drones in service by late 2017 The country has approved its first UAV test range ahead of a launch this year. By J. Fingas,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Space Japan's experimental mini rocket launch ends in failure It was supposed to break new ground, but only highlighted problems with the space program. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games Children can take a hands-on approach when passive viewing isn't enough. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Mobile China tells app stores to register with the government It's a security measure, but it also enables stricter censorship. By J. Fingas,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Midde East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One Contact Us Trading Consulting Real Estate Investing EB5 Mergers & Acquisitions CrowdFunding Commodities Metals Early Last Year I Wrote That Apple’s (NASDAQ:AAPL)Tim Cook Should Be Sacked By Paul Ebeling on January 7, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Early Last Year I Wrote That Apple’s (NASDAQ:AAPL)Tim Cook Should Be Sacked $AAPL, $GOOGL Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)penalized CEO Tim Cook for the iPhone maker’s 1st sales slump in 15 years with a 15% pay cut. Mr. Cook still did extremely well, with a compensation package valued at $8.7-M for Apple’s FY that ended on 24 September  according to a regulatory filing made Friday. But the amount was down from nearly $10.3-M in the prior FY. The Cupertino, California, company cited a downturn in Apple’s revenue and operating profit as the Key reason it cut the pay for Mr. Cook and its other top Apple executives. Apple’s revenue dropped 8% to $216-B, while its operating profit declined 16% to $60-B. That was because it sold fewer iPhones for the 1st time since the gadget came out in Y 2007. It also marked the 1st time that Apple’s annual revenue decreased since Y 2001, which was just before the company’s late co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the iPod, the gadget that set the stage for the iPhone and iPad. The iPhone set off a revolution in mobile computing and became Apple’s biggest moneymaker, even as a wide range of device makers released competing products primarily running on Google’s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) free Android software. Most of the world’s smartphones are powered by Android, but the iPhone is still a popular high-priced status device. The world’s consumers are holding on to their existing iPhones for longer periods instead of upgrading to a newer model every year or 2 raising investor concerns that Apple has become too dependent on the iPhone, a relentless worry that has been aggravated by the company’s inability to introduce another breakthrough product since Jobs’ death in Y 2011. Mr. Cook, Jobs’ anointed successor, had hoped Apple would have another huge hit with his smartwatch unveiled in Y 2014, but that device has not caught on. The company’s ‘s regulatory filing revealed that the company was bracing for a sales drop last year, thought not as steep as what actually happened. The compensation committee for the firms Board of Directors had established a revenue goal of $224-B for last year, which would have been a 4% decline from the previous year. The company expected sales to rebound during the Holiday shopping season on hopes that consumers would be snapping up its latest iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus. Apple will release its quarterly results that include the Christmas Holidays later this month. I am sticking with my call that Tim Cook will go soon. Symbol Last Trade Date Change Open High Low Volume NASDAQ:AAPL 117.91 6 January 2017 1.30 116.78 118.16 116.47 31,732,300 HeffX-LTN Analysis for AAPL: Overall Short Intermediate Long Bullish (0.41) Bullish (0.41) Bullish (0.45) Bullish (0.39) Stay tuned…   $GOOGL, AAPL, Apple, compensation, device, gadget, Iphone, iPod, revenue, Tim Cook Early Last Year I Wrote That Apple’s (NASDAQ:AAPL)Tim Cook Should Be Sacked added by Paul Ebeling on January 7, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) The Ralph Lauren Double R ‘Polo’ Steak - January 15, 2017 The Terrific Slopes at Whistler: Skiing in Winter, Hiking in Summer - January 15, 2017 Benetti’s Vivace 125 1st Launch, ‘Iron Man’ - January 15, 2017 Related posts: Apple’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) Shares Seen Falling Further Apple’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) Market Share Falling in China Apple’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) Cash ‘Hoard’ is Huge Apples’ (NASDAQ:APPL) CEO, Tim Cook, Dumped 38% of His Stock Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Commodities Consulting Contact Us CrowdFunding EB5 Live Trading Room Mergers & Acquisitions Metals Real Estate Investing Trading Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD485.68EUR517.01RUR8.17 Yerevan-13 ... -5 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Russia requires LinkedIn be removed from Google, Apple app stores January 7, 2017 - 15:04 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - Smartphone users in Russia can no longer download the LinkedIn app on iPhone or Android devices, following a similar move in China to block The New York Times app on iPhones. The demand by Russian authorities to remove LinkedIn in Apple and Google app stores comes weeks after a court blocked the professional networking service for flouting local laws that require internet firms to store data on Russian citizens within the nation’s borders, The New York Times reports. The action puts Apple and Google in a difficult position. The companies are strong proponents of open internet policies and free speech but are now being asked to be agents for governments that censor its citizens. When LinkedIn’s website was blocked, the apps stopped functioning properly. Removing them from the Google Play store and Apple’s App Store may not have cut off access to content, but it sent a signal that countries can push the tech giants to remove the apps. Direct blocking of websites has been done by China, Russia, Turkey and several other nations for years, usually through their state-run internet service providers. But civil rights groups say the pressure authoritarian governments are now placing on Apple and Google is a new wrinkle. “Apps are the new choke point of free expression,” said Rebecca MacKinnon, who leads a project on open internet tracking at New America. Increasingly, United States tech companies are complying with those demands. In the early 2000s, American internet firms strongly pushed back on demands by China to comply with censorship rules within the country’s internet controls, known as the Great Firewall. Recently, Facebook has been working on a censorship tool to be able to access China, where it is currently blocked along with Twitter and Google. LinkedIn, which is owned by Microsoft, said it was “disappointed” with the decision by Russian regulators to block the service, which the company confirmed was extended to apps in Russian Apple and Google Play stores. “It denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses,” said Nicole Leverich, a spokeswoman for LinkedIn. Apple confirmed it was asked to remove its LinkedIn app in Russia about a month ago. It has also confirmed it was asked by China to block The New York Times app, but declined to comment further on both events. Google would not confirm it has removed LinkedIn in Russia but said it adheres to local laws in the countries in which it operates. More nations have enforced their own internet laws in recent years. Turkey intermittently blocks social media, such as during the attempted government coup last summer. It has also forced YouTube to remove content it considers disparaging of its modern-day founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk. European nations have also drawn up their own privacy laws and in 2014 a court declared its citizens could demand internet companies like Google unlink information about users upon request. Tech companies and civil rights advocates warn that the increasing push by nations to create their own internet rules will Balkanize the internet and potentially lead to privacy violations and the stifling of political dissent. Other countries, however, criticize Silicon Valley and the United States government for setting the norms and rules for the internet. “Internet free speech and internet freedom are increasingly under attack all over the globe, and not just from authoritarian regimes,” said Robert M. McDowell, a former member of the Federal Communications Commission and partner at Cooley law firm. “It appears to be a one-way ratchet with speech control getting tighter.” LinkedIn has several million users in Russia, it said. In November, a Russian court ruled that the professional networking site broke local laws that require foreign internet firms to keep their servers holding information on Russian accounts within the nation. Most American internet companies in Russia operate in violation of the law, but without explanation, Russian regulators at a body known as Roskomnadzor took the rare step of enforcing its rules. The Russian regulators could not be immediately reached for comment. The action came at a tense moment in Russian-United States relations related to cyber affairs. Russia has been accused of hacking into American accounts, including the Democratic National Committee, to try to influence the presidential election. American intelligence officials concluded in a declassified report released on Friday that the president of Russia, Vladimir V. Putin, ordered the campaign. Related links: The New York Times. Russia Requires Apple and Google to Remove LinkedIn From Local App Stores Kommersant.ru: NYT: Россия потребовала удалить приложение LinkedIn из Google Play и App Store  Top stories Amazon launches anime streaming subscription for Prime members The Anime Strike channel is available to U.S. Amazon Prime members for $4.99 per month after a seven-day free trial. Apple patent hints at iPhone with full-face display Until recently, smartphone aesthetics have been both defined and limited by their most dominant feature: the display. Nissan, BMW bringing Microsoft's Cortana assistant to cars Nissan is working directly with Microsoft on its Connected Vehicle Platform, which utilizes Azure, Cortana, and Office 365. Armenian astronomers detect strong outburst of young stellar object The amplitude of brightness of the detected outburst is at least five mag. The object remained at this level of brightness until 2014. Partner news Loading...  Articles Yerevan at its best Armenian capital to appear on Yandex Panorama  Most popular in the section Nikon, Verily team up to fight diabetes-related eye disease Amazon launches first-ever “Digital Day," offers savings Lamborghini confirms Urus SUV will be its only plug-in hybrid Here teams up with MobilEye to make self-driving tech for automakers Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for January 7, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Paris– Bac Films launching sales on “Ava”, “The Teacher” at UniFrance RDV “Ava” tells the tale of a young woman who finds out she is condemned to gradually lose her sight while spending her summer vacation at a beach resort. Magnitude 5.6 quake hits off Indonesia islands: USGS The quake was recorded 120 km west-northwest of the island of Ternate at 1141 GMT, at a depth of about 23 km, according to the USGS website. Egypt slams EU, Britain for criticizing ruling on activists A Foreign Ministry statement says the comments by the EU and Britain amounted to "flagrant" interference in the country's domestic affairs. David Bowie, George Michael to be honoured at Brit Awards 2017 The 2017 awards ceremony will be held on February 22 at London’s O2 Arena. The Brit Awards nominations ceremony will take place on January 14. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Tesla Model X: Australian Hands-On Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Apple AirPods: Australian Review In 2017 The TV Is Just A Fancy Arse Computer Display Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Apple AirPods: Australian Review The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Apple MacBook Pro (2017): Australian Review In 2017 The TV Is Just A Fancy Arse Computer Display Gadgets Lunch Time Deals: 20% Off Star Wars LEGO And Fitness Trackers On eBay How To Use Your Chromecast In A Hotel Room Study Finds E-Waste In Asia Has Increased At A Staggering Pace We'd Like This Life-Sized Version Of Lego Batman's Batmobile To Be An Official Set Immediately, Please Mobile Apple AirPods: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date 95 Per Cent Of Galaxy Note7s In Australia Have Been Returned To Samsung Snapchat's Latest Feature Will Make Your Parents Very Happy Car Tech This Motorcycle With Snowmobile Tracks Is The Most Overkill Way To Navigate Sand And Snow You Can Now Drive From Melbourne To Brisbane For Free (In A Tesla, At Least) Why You Should Not Trust Faraday Future -- Or Any Other Tech Company BMW: Go Ahead, Take Your Hands Off The Wheel Of Our 5 Series Prototype, It's Fine Online Google's 'Draco' Compression For 3D Graphics Could Mean A Faster Future For VR And Games Former DirecTV Spokesman Rob Lowe Calls Out DirecTV For Being Terrible Chinese Tech Giant's Office Party Featured Humiliating Simulated Blowjobs  The Genius Who Lived In A Storage Locker For $200 A Month Was Evicted Science & Health World First: Australian Scientists Spot The Ruby Seadragon In The Wild Soon, Your Smartwatch Will Know When You're Getting Sick (Before You Do) Watch SpaceX Launch Its Latest Rocket Into Space Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Cameras Photographer Transforms Camera Parts Into Lifelike Weapons Move Your Photo Library Between Apple Photos And Google Photos (or Vice Versa) Australia's Alright Kodak Swears It's Not Giving Up On That Digital Super 8 Camera Computing Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Why Software Fixes Are Sometimes Called A 'Patch' Deals: Up Your Photoshop Game With This Training Bundle Windows 10's 'Game Mode' Will Optimise Your PC For You Gaming Adam Savage Left Speechless By Weta Workshop's Labyrinth Replica. Oh, It's Also A Playable Board Game Here's Every Game From The Nintendo Switch Presentation Hero Coder Adapts 'Portal' For The Apple II Nintendo Switch: Australian Price And Release Date Entertainment NBC's Powerless Breaks The Canon With A Stupid Wayne Cousin Drop Everything, There's A New 'xXx: Return Of Xander Cage' Clip Lucasfilm Confirms It Won't Digitally Recreate Carrie Fisher In Star Wars Episode VIII 'Logan' Director Shares New Images Of The Cast Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Here's Every Game From The Nintendo Switch Presentation 95 Per Cent Of Galaxy Note7s In Australia Have Been Returned To Samsung Windows 10's 'Game Mode' Will Optimise Your PC For You Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Turn Your Apple Watch Into A Tiny Macintosh Computer While It Charges Andrew Liszewski Jan 7, 2017, 10:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  alarm clocks apple apple watch ces ces 2017 ces2017 silicone w3 wearables Share Turning the Apple Watch on its side while it's charging overnight puts it in Nightstand Mode so you can always see the time. But with Elgato's amusing new W3 stand, instead of a tiny alarm clock, your Apple Watch becomes a miniature replica of the original Macintosh computer on your bedside table. Made of soft silicone so it won't scratch or mar either version of the Apple Watch, the W3 stand features a slot to hold the wearable on its side, and a cable pass-through for the induction charging dock, which you'll need to provide. For just $US14 ($19), available in black or white, it's a fun accessory, particularly for anyone who eats, sleeps and breathes everything Apple-related. But if Apple allowed for third-party watch faces on its wearable, this tiny Macintosh could even be made to look like it was running an equally tiny version of MacOS. If there was ever a good reason for Apple to implement that feature, this is it. [Elgato via Cult of Mac] We're on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas! Follow all of our coverage of the latest and greatest in tech here. Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Nintendo Switch: Australian Price And Release Date Rae Johnston 15 Jan 2017 6:30 AM Now the Nintendo Switch conference is done and dusted, what have we learned? Here's all the details revealed on what you can play, when you can play it and how much it will cost you. Apple AirPods: Australian Review Campbell Simpson 16 Jan 2017 1:00 PM Have you ever thought "my wireless earphones are just too big?" Have you ever thought "man, I wish my headphones told me their battery life whenever I switched them on?" Have you ever thought "I wish I could listen to all my music through one earphone, so I don't need to wear both?" Apple's new AirPods solve a lot of these problems. Problems I'm not entirely sure needed to be solved, but problems nonetheless. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Static Podcast: Bruce Campbell (And All Of Our Other Favourite Interviews) Gizmodo's Static Podcast: Are Videogame Reviews Important Or Redundant? Gizmodo's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 Nintendo Switch: Australian Price And Release Date 2 Apple AirPods: Australian Review 3 How To Use Your Chromecast In A Hotel Room 4 Adam Savage Left Speechless By Weta Workshop's Labyrinth Replica. Oh, It's Also A Playable Board Game 5 Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems NBC's Powerless Breaks The Canon With A Stupid Wayne Cousin Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Why Software Fixes Are Sometimes Called A 'Patch' Apple AirPods: Australian Review Crazy Stunt Brings Rocket League To Grand Theft Auto V Everything We Learned About The Nintendo Switch The Last Of Us Remade In Giant LEGO Build 25 Years Ago, Mega Man 4 Changed The Series Forever The Correct Way To Store Different Food Types In Your Kitchen [Infographic] 25 Facts About The Science Of Fitness You May Not Know Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? The Multipurpose Gaming, Music, And Work Space Kogan.com shares are on a tear after strong Christmas sales Chinese commodity futures are exploding higher as iron ore goes limit up Energy business Duet has agreed to a $7.37 billion takeover bid from HK billionaire Li Ka-shing These charts show traders continue to believe in the Donald Trump 'reflation trade' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Computers Apple MacBook Pro 2017 To Feature IGZO Display By Shruthi PK on January 7 2017 07:09 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email Apple MacBook Pro 2017 is likely to feature indium gallium zinc oxide (IGZO) display. A research firm has teased such possibility. The well-known research firm IHS has revealed that Apple will use amorphous silicon (a-Si) material for MacBook Pro display only till the end of first quarter. In the mid of 2017, Apple will start receiving IGZO panels from Samsung and Sharp. IGZO panels can add more value to MacBook Pro 2017. It has more electron mobility than the amorphous silicon (a-Si) material. IGZO will reduce the power consumption and increase the pixel density. IGZO will also support touch sensitivity. DisplayMate president Raymond Soneira has said that IGZO will help create higher brightness on display.  “Sometimes IGZO is simply referred to as Metal Oxide. The higher the PPI and the wider the Color Gamut (like DCI-P3 for the new MacBook Pro) the greater the benefits of IGZO over a-Si, particularly for LCDs,”  Soneira said. But IGZO material is very costly. So, it is not used for all products. LG’s OLED TVs are having  IGZO material, according to MacRumors. IGZO display was seen on Apple’s iPad Air Original. This display reduced the power consumption and also made iPad Air a thin device.   Also Read: Apple Macbook Pro 2016 Is First Macbook Not to Get Recommended by Consumer Reports Apple MacBook Pro 2017 Features Apple is not likely to consider all the hardware features of MacBook Pro 2016 for the upcoming MacBook Pro. According to Forbes, 2017 will be the year of Kaby Lake processors. Intel has launched its seventh-generation Kaby Lake  Core processors . In 2016, Apple’s MacBook series did not arrive with any major hardware update. All the laptops had  Intel’s sixth-generation Core processors. So, there is a big possibility of Apple also preferring Kaby Lake processors. Apple’s rival Microsoft is choosing Kaby Lake processors for its upcoming Microsoft Surface Pro 5. MacBook Pro 2017 Launch The latest offer on MacBook Pro existing model is also teasing the possibility of MacBook Pro 2017 launch. Apple authorized reseller Adorama is now selling  13-inch MacBook Pro model $1,399.00. It means a $200 price cut on the original price tag, according to AppleInsider. Apple has not released any official statement about MacBook Pro 2017. Stay tuned to The BitBag for more updates. Also Read: Apple iPad Mini 5 Release Date News & Update: March 2017 Possible Launch Date Related Items:Apple MacBook Pro 2017, Apple MacBook Pro 2017 Features, Apple MacBook Pro 2017 Price, Macbook Pro Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple MacBook Pro Saves Man’s Life From Fatal Shooting MacBook Pro Series Fails Battery Tests; Find Out Apple?s Next Steps MacBook Pro Touchbar Hacks: What You Don’t Know the Touchbar Can Do About the author Shruthi PK Passionate about films, the first day first show!!! She loves keeping herself updated with Hollywood. iPhone and MacBook are her best buddies. She also analyses the gadgets of all top brands! Featured Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Splatoon 2 Release Date: Nintendo Switch Summer Launch Officially Announced Shovel Knight Nintendo Switch: What Fans Want Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS 6 Mega Man Games Available For Download On Both Android And iOS Recently, 6 Mega Man games became available for download on both Android and iOS devices.... The Sims 4 Toddlers Free Update Finally Available; How To Download Now The Sims 4 Toddlers is finally here! After months of speculation, debates, and a... Kingdom Hearts 3 News: Kingdom Hearts 0.2 Scenes Won’t Be Shown ‘In Fine Detail’, Says Director If you want the full Kingdom Hearts 3 story, it looks like you’re going... Overwatch Nuking Exploit: A Far Worse Issue Than Aimbot Cheating Recently, competitive Overwatch players have confirmed a new hack called “nuking” happening in some... Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta Start Date For Xbox One And PC Officially Announced! Details You Should Know Recently, Microsoft officially announced that the start of the Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta for... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 google Ubisoft Samsung Playstation 3 The Division mobile gaming no man's sky PC iOS EA Editors Pick facebook featured pokemon sun and moon playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones Blizzard games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors Pokemon Go Update About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / TVs & Audio / Headphones / Bragi Dash Bragi Dash review 0 shares Read Comments By Joe Svetlik Updated: 07 January 2017 1 of 10 Summary Our Score: 6 Page 1: Design, tracking, battery life and... 10 Pictures Best Deals Pros Accurate heart rate monitor Waterproof Ambitious number of features Cons Unresponsive interface Confusing at first Poor battery life Best Deals for Bragi Dash Key Features Heart rate monitor Truly wireless earbuds Integrated music player with 4GB storage Android and iOS app Tracks running, cycling and swimming Manufacturer: Bragi Review Price: £250.00 What is the Bragi Dash? Most wearables are worn on the wrist, but not so with the Bragi Dash. Touted as the world’s first hearable – it looks like a pair of wireless headphones – the Dash promises to track your activity just like a Fitbit or Jawbone. Of course, it works as a pair of headphones too, streaming music wirelessly from your phone via Bluetooth. And if you're not keen on carrying your phone with you while you work out, then the Dash offers 4GB of onboard storage – simply load it up with playlists and get moving. The device is also capable of providing audio feedback on your performance, with a slightly robotic female voice reading out your stats as you go. But should it be your next workout buddy? Let’s find out. Bragi Dash – Design and Setup First impressions are very good. The headphones come in a lush fold-out box; the kind of "everything fits" package that you'd expect from Apple rather than a start-up launching its second device. Considering they’re capable of fitness tracking, storing thousands of songs, and offer Bluetooth functionality, the Dash earbuds aren’t particularly bulky. They’re only a little bigger than a standard earbud, and don’t feature the unsightly "stalk" that make Apple’s AirPods look rather divisive in the looks department. They’re smaller than the Sony Smart B-Trainer, but the Dash offers one advantage – they’re truly wireless; the Sony pair have a cable connecting the headphones to each other. The Jabra Elite Sport are a more comparable truly wireless pair, and of a similar size. That means all communication between the headphones is wireless. As we’ll see, this is both the Dash’s biggest asset and its biggest weakness. They’re comfortable to wear, thanks to the three sets of "fit sleeves" of various sizes that come bundled with the hearables. These fit over the earpiece, for a snug fit into your ear cavity. Once in, they act as noise-isolating headphones, minimising background noise. You can also switch on the noise cancellation to further block out unwanted sounds. To control them, you tap or swipe the headphones; the left one controls the fitness tracking, while the right handles music playback. Press and hold the left one to enter the activity menu, then tap to select an activity. Then it’s a case of tapping to start said activity. With no screen to see, it can be a little confusing at first, but you'll soon get the hang of it. The earbuds make trilling noises to let you know your presses have registered. It’s a bold approach to a UI, with no physical buttons or screen. Sadly, however, the technology isn't quite there yet. Too often my presses didn’t register, and I was left repeatedly tapping the earpieces. Worse still, halfway through my testing, the right earpiece decided to stop playing music altogether. It didn’t fail completely – I could still adjust the volume of the audio feedback by swiping forward and back on it – but it wouldn’t register a single tap. Disappointing. Bragi Dash – Tracking and App The good news is that you don’t have to take your phone with you while you work out. Start an activity – running, swimming or cycling – and the Dash will monitor your performance. Every five minutes – or whenever you double-tap the left earpiece – it will provide an update on how you're doing. This comprises simple stats, such as how long you’ve been going, steps taken, heart rate, distance, calories burned, cadence and speed (for cycling), and number of lengths (for swimming). It’s a great way of staying informed about your progress, but it isn't without its problems. Related: Best Fitness Trackers The device doesn't store your workouts, so the minute you finish, the data is gone forever. This is quite an oversight. The only way to store the workout data is to sync the Dash to your phone beforehand, but that means taking your phone with you, which misses the point. You could sync and then leave your phone at home, but this too presented issues. A couple of times when I went running, the Dash wouldn’t connect back to the app to transfer my data. Even if it does so straight away, because it thinks your workout went on until you pressed stop – if you have to get out of a swimming pool, shower, and return to your locker before "ending" your workout – this will add minutes to your time. As a note, make sure you get the right size of fit sleeve when swimming. I didn’t the first time, and ended up having to retrieve the earbuds from the pool floor. The data is pretty accurate, though. When swimming, it was occasionally a length or two out, but we had the same degree of error with the Apple Watch Series 2, TomTom Spark 3 and the Speedo Shine 2. And it’s great getting that audio feedback, instead of stopping and checking the screen. I'm less keen on wearing the Dash while cycling, however. I like to be aware of my surroundings when on a bike, but the Dash blocked up my ears so, even without music playing, I felt less safe on the mean roads of London. The app is fine, although a little underwhelming; the tutorial videos don’t have sound, for instance. But apart from syncing your workouts – which, as I’ve mentioned, isn’t a painless process – you shouldn’t have to use the app much. The Bluetooth connection isn’t rock-solid, either. It often dropped out, especially while I was out and about. This is annoying for a product that sells itself on its wireless connectivity. Bragi Dash – Battery Life and Charging You charge the dash in a neat little case that plugs into your computer or a USB-compatible plug. The case itself charges up too, so you can use it to juice up the Dash when you’re away from a power source. The earphones slot into place using magnets. You know when they’re in because they’ll flash blue before pulsing as they charge. The colour of the light will depend on how much battery life remains: red is low; green for high; and blue indicates it's full. They pulse in sync with each other too, which is quite a cool effect. You'll get around three hours of use from the Dash before it needs a charge. That’s more than enough for workouts, but if you’re listening to music on the go too then you might need to take the charging case with you. The case will also help stop you losing your earbuds. Should I buy the Bragi Dash? I'd love to recommend the Dash – but, unfortunately, the device isn't as polished as it should be. Sound quality is good, and the fitness tracking is impressive; when it all works it’s a real glimpse of what will be possible. But there are too many niggles that require sorting for us to part with £250. Right now, Jabra's Elite Sport are a more complete package if you're not an avid swimmer and would get our recommendation for a fraction less money. Verdict We’ve no doubt hearables will soon be a big product category. It’s just a shame the Bragi Dash can’t capitalise on its potential. Watch: Trusted Explains – Wearables and Fitness Trackers Overall Score 6 Best Deals for Bragi Dash 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
About us Epaper Advertise Archive Calendar Rss Monday, January 16, 2017 Follow @thetribunechd HOME NATION WORLD PUNJAB HARYANA HIMACHAL J & K UTTARAKHAND CITIES Parents brace for the great seat race Chandigarh: For most parents in the city, securing a seat in an entry-level class in a private school, especially in those among the top 10, is akin to waging a war. And with the schools set to display their lists of eligible candidates on the notice board as well on the official websites tomorrow, the war to capture the coveted seat in the “best school” is nearing its climax. Civic body losing crores as properties lie vacant Merc hits five cars in Sec 44, speeds away Amritsar Bathinda Chandigarh Delhi Jalandhar Ludhiana OPINION Daily Sunday Special SPORT BUSINESS FEATURES Healing touch Doesn''t Ravinder Singh look like a the Santa,’ someone in the crowd, gathered to hear him talk at the TEDx Chandigarh event on Sunday, seems to have found poignant comparisons between the kids’ most favourite man from the North Pole, and this good Samaritan from UK! Chase your dream Life+Style Spectrum Trends Jobs & Careers Real Estate Health Sci/Tech Movie Reviews World Posted at: Jan 7, 2017, 12:10 PM; last updated: Jan 7, 2017, 12:10 PM (IST) Apple cuts CEO Cook's pay as iPhone sales hit globally Also in this section Trump’s anti-immigrant stance sparks protests across America In Paris, big powers warn Israel, Palestine against harming peace Gwadar security: China hands over 2 ships to Pak Navy SpaceX returns to flight, sends satellites into orbit Mosul varsity fully liberated by troops Tim Cook. New York, January 7 Hit by a slump in iPhone sales globally, which led to the company missing its revenue and profit goals for 2016, tech giant Apple has cut its CEO Tim Cook's pay for the year. (Follow The Tribune on Facebook; and Twitter @thetribunechd) Cook received $8.75 million in total compensation for 2016 -- down from $10.28 million in 2015 -- which the company said declined for the first time since he assumed office in 2011. Cook's base salary, however, rose 50 per cent to $3 million. "According to a regulatory filing on Friday, Apple said its annual sales of $215.6 billion were 3.7 per cent below its target of $223.6 billion, and its operating income of $60 billion was 0.5 per cent short of the $60.3 billion target," The Wall Street Journal reported. Apple's five-most senior executives also saw their total compensation fall for fiscal 2016, each declining around nine per cent to about $22.8 million from $25 million in the prior year. Their 2016 compensation included $2.8 million in salary and $20 million in restricted stock, the report noted. Last year, announcing the results for the fourth quarter of 2016, Apple said it sold 45.5 million iPhones, 9.3 million iPads and 4.9 million Macs -- a year-over-year decline of 5.2 per cent for iPhones, six per cent for iPads and a massive 14 per cent for the Mac. Apple is now eyeing hopes on iPhone 7 which was launched in September and forthcoming versions, including an expected 10th-anniversary iPhone later this year, which may tilt the figures in favour of Apple in the near future. —IANS COMMENTS All readers are invited to post comments responsibly. Any messages with foul language or inciting hatred will be deleted. Comments with all capital letters will also be deleted. Readers are encouraged to flag the comments they feel are inappropriate. The views expressed in the Comments section are of the individuals writing the post. The Tribune does not endorse or support the views in these posts in any manner. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. MOST READ Capt vs Badal, Bittu to take on Sukhbir, Sidhu pads up16 Jan 2017 | 1:38 AM Barkha Dutt quits NDTV after 21 years, to start ‘own venture’15 Jan 2017 | 5:29 PM Capt ready for Patiala, Lambi battle16 Jan 2017 | 1:32 AM Stakes high on CM’s turf16 Jan 2017 | 1:32 AM No clue to killers of Hindu outfit leader16 Jan 2017 | 1:32 AM China hands over 2 ships to Pak Navy for Gwadar security15 Jan 2017 | 12:28 PM Complaints on social media to invite action: Army Chief16 Jan 2017 | 1:38 AM India 'incomplete' without Sindh: Advani15 Jan 2017 | 7:54 PM 350-ft-high border Tricolour at Rs 4.5 cr16 Jan 2017 | 1:38 AM No country for old men: Japan’s prisons becoming nursing homes15 Jan 2017 | 11:41 AM Share On TOP STORIES 3 militants killed in gun fight in south Kashmir’s Anantnag Capt vs Badal, Bittu to take on Sukhbir, Sidhu pads up Complaints on social media to invite action: Army Chief BJP’s Punjab list of 6 likely today Six pilgrims die in rush at Ganga Sagar CITY FOCUS --Choose City-- Amritsar Bathinda Chandigarh Delhi Jalandhar Ludhiana Parents brace for the great seat race16 Jan 2017 | 1:43 AM Chandigarh: For most parents in the city, securing a seat in an entry-level class in a private school, especially in those among the top 10, is akin to waging a war. And with the schools set to display their lists of eligible candidates on the notice board as well on the official websites tomorrow, the war to capture the coveted seat in the “best school” is nearing its climax. Civic body losing crores as properties lie vacant Merc hits five cars in Sec 44, speeds away Main accused in youth’s murder held Work starts on serai at PGI Tall talk aside, sensible driving key to road safety A case for making killer roads safemore Chandigarh... SCI/TECH/GADGETS/ENV. ‘Big chill’ after asteroid strike likely killed dinosaurs Men more likely to show-off on social media Indian pepper holds key for new cancer-fighting drug Puppies respond more readily to ‘baby talk’ ‘Face with tears of joy’ world’s most popular emojimore Sci/Tech... HEALTH Calling your kids ‘fat’ may make them gain weight Schizophrenia may increase diabetes risk Malaria infection depends on number of parasites, not bites Boy or girl? Mother's BP may predict sex of baby! Stress may increase heart disease, stroke riskmore Health... HOME NATION WORLD PUNJAB HARYANA HIMACHAL J & K UTTARAKHAND AMRITSAR BATHINDA CHANDIGARH DELHI JALANDHAR LUDHIANA OPINION SPORT BUSINESS HEALTH JOBS & CAREERS LIFE+STYLE REAL ESTATE SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY SPECTRUM TRENDS CALENDAR ABOUT US ADVERTISEMENT FEEDBACK CONTACT US Copyright: The Tribune Trust,2015 Designed & developed by: 4C Plus
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Technology & Science CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Technology & Science Quirks & Quarks Blog Spark Photo Galleries Protecting your privacy online: How to manage what you reveal CBC Marketplace used an app to test how much people unknowingly reveal By Matthew Braga, CBC News Posted: Jan 07, 2017 5:00 AM ET Last Updated: Jan 07, 2017 5:16 AM ET How much do we reveal when we use smartphone apps? CBC Marketplace did a test to find out. (Carl Court/Getty Images) Matthew Braga Senior Technology Reporter Matthew Braga is the senior technology reporter for CBC News. He was previously the Canadian editor of Motherboard, Vice Media's science and technology website, and a business and technology reporter for the Financial Post. Email: matthew.braga@cbc.ca @mattbraga SecureDrop (to contact CBC anonymously) PGP Key (for encrypted emails) Related Stories MARKETPLACE: Are your apps spying on you? 'We're paying with our data': Why privacy can be a problem with apps Canadians not terribly savvy about digital privacy, poll finds Smart homes, smart cars: What we're watching Could your thoughts replace your password? Why the Yahoo hacker might not be interested in short-term profit Even if you only downloaded a handful of apps last year, do you remember what permissions you granted to each?  CBC's Marketplace recently tested how much personal information we can unknowingly hand over to apps. The start of new year is a time to reset —  and the perfect time to unlearn all of the bad privacy habits you may have picked up. Here are a few tips to get you started. Review your privacy settings Both Android and iPhone have a settings page where you can see which apps have access to everything from your heart rate to your home's lighting system. It's here that you can review which apps have access to what, and disable permissions you don't remember granting. Watch the Marketplace investigation Are Your Apps Spying On You? CBC AT CES | For new smart-home gadgets, the spectre of insecurity looms Apple even offers an option to reset all of your phone's privacy and security settings at once, so that the next time you open an app that needs access to your microphone, camera, or other data, it will ask for your permission as if you were just using the app for the first time. In terms of what apps can do, there are some differences between Android phones and iPhones to keep in mind. Apple, for example, doesn't allow developers to access the camera unless an app is open and in use, nor access iMessages or SMS messages. Stick to app stores Apple and Google maintain app stores where most people buy their apps. It's a way for the two companies to control what people can do on their platforms — for better and for worse. One benefit is that, as part of the app store review process, Apple and Google vet apps for potential security or privacy issues — essentially, screening out apps that would otherwise be classified as malware, or try to access user data in a way that violates their terms of service. Find out more about the Marketplace investigation this weekend, when CBC's Diana Swain explores the ethics of the app experiment on The Investigators Saturday at 9:30 p.m. ET and Sunday at 5:30 p.m. ET on CBC News Network. While you can disable the security settings on Android and iPhone that prevent you from downloading apps from other sources, you probably shouldn't unless you really know what you're doing. There's no one watching to make sure that app you got from a friend is really doing what it says it does. Do Google and Apple know where you've been? Both Android and iPhone provide a number of ways for apps to access your location — which you can check in your phone's privacy settings. But both Apple and Google also have their own location-tracking settings that are separate from third-party apps. CBC AT CES | Why everyone's talking to Amazon's virtual assistant Alexa On iPhones running iOS 7 and higher, there are a number of location-based tracking options under the "System Services" section of your phone's location privacy settings (pay close attention to the "Frequent Locations" setting in particular). On Android version 2.3 and up, you'll find "Google Location History" under your phone's "Location" settings. Apple and Google use your phone's location so their apps better understand the places you frequently visit, and for advertising purposes, but you can turn this off. Get yourself a password manager Writing down your passwords on a scrap of paper that you keep in your sock drawer is never a good idea. But storing all your passwords in a password manager is smart. Think of it is a digital vault, secured with one really long passphrase, that holds all your other passwords inside. Instead of having to remember a bunch of short, insecure passwords, you only have to remember a really long one instead. A good password manager won't just store your passwords, but will help you generate stronger, more secure passwords, too. Protect yourself with 2-factor authentication The best thing you can do to stop attackers from getting into your accounts with Facebook, Google, Twitter, Dropbox, and other services is to setup two-factor authentication. Each time you attempt to log in to an account protected by two-factor authentication from a new phone or computer, you'll be asked for the password you know, but also an additional, temporary password that you don't (that's the second factor). Why passthoughts could make passwords a thing of the past The idea is that this temporary password is generated by an app on your phone, or sent via text message — meaning that even if someone learns your password, they'll still need access to your phone to get into your account. Want to know what data your apps have collected? Ask! In Canada, there's legislation called the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), which "gives people a general right to access their personal information held by businesses subject to this law." In other words, if you want a record of all the information that your favourite emoji keyboard, banking app, or social network has stored about you, can send the company a letter and ask. The process might take a while — and there's no guarantee you'll get a response back, even if it is Canadian law — but it's a great way to exercise your right to privacy and learn just how much of your personal data is under a company's control. Smart devices think you're 'too lazy' to opt out of privacy defaults How did Marketplace conduct its app experiment?4:56 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines 'The super-rich and the rest of us': 2 richest Canadians have wealth equal to 11 million poorest Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Market forces align against oilsands though innovation promises an upside read comments Trudeau's shuffled cabinet: Generational renewal or benched expertise? read comments In final interview as president, Obama warns people not to 'underestimate' Trump Latest Technology & Science News Headlines Typing in 'the zone': Why the physical QWERTY keyboard still matters to some read comments audio How a small southern Alberta town became a drone hotspot audio SpaceX launches 1st rocket since explosion in Florida Scientists call for tri-national conservation effort to save monarch butterfly Text messages from the dead Quirks & Quarks Emotional Hangovers, Slime Mold, Self Repairing Roads The Top Science Stories of 2016 Most Viewed Typing in 'the zone': Why the physical QWERTY keyboard still matters to some Newly discovered ruby sea dragon seen alive in wild for 1st time SpaceX launches 1st rocket since explosion in Florida Scientists call for tri-national conservation effort to save monarch butterfly Trump picked Giuliani for his cybersecurity expertise — but many industry members haven't heard of his work Spelunking on Mars: Bob McDonald Putting a kid-friendly filter on Instagram's terms of use Nintendo hits reset with launch of Switch Moon is older than we thought, new research suggests Scientists map beaver genome for Canada's 150th birthday Don't Miss How Canadians are keeping Black Lives Matter website online The Current Fun and games: Why we should take time to play Antimatter Scientists measure antimatter atom for 1st time Blog Climate change as seen from space: Bob McDonald Who would want access to 1 billion Yahoo accounts? Canadians couldn't stop Googling Drake, Trump in 2016 Opinion A tech company that cares — now that would be innovative Profile 'This game is not over yet:' Arctic researcher has hope we can turn corner on climate change Snapchat, Skype, BBM not protecting users' privacy, says Amnesty International 'Invulnerability illusion' leaves younger people exposed to web frauds WW1 U-BOAT Engineers stumble on WWI German submarine sunk by 'sea monster' TOMATOES Study explains why tomatoes lose their flavour in the fridge Rigorous rules proposed for recreational drone flyers, documents show Rockstar Games announces Red Dead Redemption 2 for fall 2017 release Rural reboot: Salinas, Calif., turning crop pickers into computer programmers Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Weak Apple Performance And Missed Goals Deal $1.5 Million Blow To CEO Tim Cook’s Salary For 2016 – Tech Times Posted on January 6, 2017 by Tech Times Apple missed its revenue and profit goals in 2016 and the weak performance took a toll on its top executives’ pay. Apple CEO Tim Cook, for instance, took a $1.5 million blow. ( Stephen Lam | Getty Images ). Advertisement. Apple had a disappointing … Tim Cook’s compensation not spared as Apple misses performance goalsTechCrunch Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone salesBusiness Insider Tim Cook takes pay cut after Apple misses 2016 revenue targetsZDNet Fox Business -CNET -Wall Street Journal (blog) -Mac Rumors all 105 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Apple cuts Tim Cooks pay as iPhone sales fall first time By iPhone maker Apple has cut its CEO Tim Cook's salary by a whopping 15 percent for 2016 as annual sales declined for the year, missing targets that also led to the tech giant's first annual revenue decline in 15 years. - JSW Cement to increase capacity to 3.4 MTPA at Bellary plant Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » World News Jan 07, 2017, 05.23 PM | Source: PTI Apple cuts Tim Cook's pay as iPhone sales fall first time iPhone maker Apple has cut its CEO Tim Cook's salary by a whopping 15 percent for 2016 as annual sales declined for the year, missing targets that also led to the tech giant's first annual revenue decline in 15 years. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Apple cuts Tim Cooks pay as iPhone sales fall first time iPhone maker Apple has cut its CEO Tim Cook's salary by a whopping 15 percent for 2016 as annual sales declined for the year, missing targets that also led to the tech giant's first annual revenue decline in 15 years. Post Your Comments Share Cancel | 1 Comments iPhone maker Apple has cut its CEO Tim Cook's salary by a whopping 15 percent for 2016 as annual sales declined for the year, missing targets that also led to the tech giant's first annual revenue decline in 15 years. The company gave the 56-year-old USD 8.75 million in total compensation last year, down from the USD 10.28 million he received in 2015, according to a Securities and Exchange (SEC) filing released yesterday. Cook's salary rose to USD 3 million from USD 2 million last year - a 50 percent increase, his cash bonus took a hit. Apple awarded Cook and other executives 89.5 percent of their target, instead of the maximum amount like in recent years. Hence, Cook's cash bonus fell to USD 5.4 million in 2016, down from USD 8 million the year before and declining for the first time since he assumed leadership of the company in 2011. Apple specifically cited the company's failure to meet its performance goals for both sales and profits. Sales volume of the iPhone fell in fiscal 2016 for the first time since the device was introduced in 2007, causing the tech icon to suffer its first annual revenue decline in 15 years. The company said its annual sales were down nearly 4 percent, or USD 215.6 billion, from its target of USD 223.6 billion, and its operating income was down 0.5 percent from its target at USD 60 billion, according to the filing. "Overall, our 2016 performance with respect to net sales and operating income was 7.7 percent and 15.7 percent below our record-breaking 2015 levels," Apple said in the filing. "However, the 2016 payouts to our named executive officers were significantly less than the annual cash incentive payouts for 2015, reflecting strong pay-for-performance alignment." Apple's rare sales slump is directly linked to the loss of momentum for the iPhone, which generates the majority of the company's sales. Sales of iPhones have declined in each of the past three quarters, slipping to 45.5 million in the September quarter, with reports saying Apple has faced steep competition from Samsung and other smartphone makes and the newest iPhones did not feature enough upgrades to attract customers. In October, Cook said that demand for the iPhone 7 and the bigger 7 Plus, which feature enhanced cameras and longer battery life, have outpaced supply though Apple would only report quarterly sales for those phones on January 31. Tags  Apple iPhone Tim Cook salary annual sales declined SEC Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Apple cuts Tim Cooks pay as iPhone sales fall first time Wire News Platinum Member 691 Followers News Now iPhone maker Apple has cut its CEO Tim Cook's salary by a whopping 15 per cent for 2016 as annual sales declined for the year, missing targets that al... http://t.in.com/f5rp Reply  |  Rate  |  Click if offensive  |  Share  |  Repost See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Asia lower, Chinese markets down more than 1% in early trade Markets may open on flat note: SMC Global Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Sensex, Nifty may trend lower; IT stocks, Reliance in focus NSE to interview candidates for CEO this week Don't be flippant about Indian symbols, icons: Das to Amazon Donald Trump suggests Russia deal on nuclear arms, sanctions EC may give order on Samajwadi Party symbol dispute today Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre, diesel by Rs 1.03 a litre See all Video of the day India expensive at current levels; like durables, banks: CLSA Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
0 0 Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called iPhone 8 price in India might go down with Apple starting manufacturing facility in Bengaluru  and is located at  http://www.pc-tablet.co.in/iphone-8-price-india-manufacturing-bengaluru/55880/. Captcha Submit Videos Tech Apps Telecom Science Business Social Auto Reviews How-To’s Featured Search 10.5 C India Monday, January 16, 2017 About Team Advertise Contact Careers Privacy T&C Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. PC-Tablet Videos Tech Apps Telecom Science Business Social Auto Reviews How-To’s Featured iPhone 8 price in India might go down with Apple starting manufacturing facility in Bengaluru By Anand Narayanaswamy - 07/01/2017 With Apple gearing up to start iPhone manufacturing in Bengaluru towards early 2017, a panel comprising of senior officials could probably meet to discuss the possibilities of incentives. If Apple decides to manufacture iPhones in India, then the company would demand series of exemptions and incentives for the manufacturing plant. Based on the reports so far, Apple has almost decided to establish a plant in Peenya, Bengaluru. Expected to be manufactured in partnership with Taiwan-based Wistron, the Cupertino-based tech giant will be able to slash prices substantially because of the absence of additional import duty, which is currently pegged at 12.5%. If the reports are true, we may see comparitively lesser difference in iPhone 8 price in the US and India. Apple wants to know about incentives to start a manufacturing facility According to reports, Apple has sought a detailed clarification from the Government as to what kind of incentives they get if they start production in India since the company manufactures cutting-edge technology products. Apple also sought clarity about the various offers under the modified special incentive package scheme, which is created to boost electronic manufacturing in India. Meanwhile, Apple declined to comment when asked about their proposed plans to establish a facility in India. As per reports, Apple had already conveyed all the demands to the top officials inside the government. However, the requirements of Apple are forwarded to relevant departments for required approvals. Foxconn’s attempt to establish a facility in Maharashtra foiled Meanwhile, Foxconn also disclosed that they are willing to build a manufacturing plant for iPhones in Maharashtra. However, Apple doesn’t like the approach of Foxconn since the Taiwan-based OEM maker confirmed that they are also in talks with Xiaomi and OnePlus to assemble smartphones at the same facility. The main aim of Apple is to establish their own exclusive manufacturing plant. As of this writing, Apple sells iPhones through a nationwide network of distributors and retailers including a partnership with top e-commerce companies. Apple’s attempt to sell refurbished handsets halted by the Government Recently, Apple made an attempt to import and sell refurbished iPhones in India, which was halted by the Commerce Ministry. In 2015, the proposal to sell refurbished iPhones was rejected by the environment ministry. Moreover, both telecom and industry ministries objected to this move by Apple. In May 2016, Apple announced the opening of design and development accelerator in Bengaluru to boost the requirements of iOS developer community. Moreover, the center will also motivate and guide developers based in India to take advantage of Swift programming language. If Apple succeeds in its plan to establish a facility in the city, it will be the second significant investment in the city. Apple India sales figure touched Rs 9997 crore in 2016, which is a sharp increase when compared to Rs. 6472 crore in 2015. The net profit of the company rose to 21% and reached Rs. 294 crore. The main reason for the massive growth is attributed to the increased penetration in the retail segment and slashing of prices for old iPhone variants. Anand Narayanaswamy RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR How to open an account with Airtel Payments Bank using my Airtel app Nokia to take on Siri and Cortana with its own AI assistant Viki Huawei P8 Lite (2017) with Kirin 655 processor and Android 7.0 Nougat launched LG G6 expected to launch during MWC 2017 with support for water resistant and wireless charging HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play: Specs & India release date details New Motorola budget smartphone expected to launch during MWC 2017 Moto G5 Plus images and specifications leak reveal 13MP rear camera and more Xiaomi Mi 6 vs Mi 5: Specs, rumors, release date of next Xiaomi flagship Nokia 8 private CES 2017 video reveals Snapdragon 835 processor and 24MP rear camera LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter your comment! Please enter your name here You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Social Karma! 30,035FansLike 1,112FollowersFollow 11,042FollowersFollow 7,786SubscribersSubscribe OnePlus 3T cases and covers you can buy right now 6 things to consider when you choose IT Infrastructure solutions Best cases and covers for OnePlus 3T smartphone A walk through the evolution of WhatsApp (Infographic) Top websites to stream movies for free online MacBook Pro 2016 failed to impress? Check out these beasty Windows alternatives Subscribe to our YouTube Channel PC-Tablet 210 videos 1009726 views 7786 subscribers Show playlists Videos Giveaway Laptop/ Tablet Reviews Tech Minutes Smartphones Comparison Camera Reviews Gaming & Performance Reviews Things To Know Accessories & Peripherals Wearable Reviews Audio Accessories Unboxing & Initial Impressions Smartphone Reviews Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Social Media Users decry leaked sexist video of year end Tencent party OnePlus 3T cases and covers you can buy right now How to open an account with Airtel Payments Bank using my Airtel app Social Media and Its ugly dimension-Depression and Anxiety Nokia to take on Siri and Cortana with its own AI assistant Viki Tech Mahindra begins InnovateMK, incubator to help startups in the UK Follow us on Instagram @pctabletin ABOUT USPC-Tablet is a fast emerging online news media publication portal with an aim of providing instantaneous coverage of latest technology market trends. Contact us: editor@pc-tablet.co.in FOLLOW US About Team Advertise Contact Careers Privacy T&C © 2017 Copyright. All Rights Reserved. Owned by Sprouts Media. Open SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL FOR LATEST TECH UPDATES & GADGETS REVIEWS! PC-Tablet
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Apple Cuts Tim Cook's Salary By $1.5 Million AJ Dellinger International Business TimesJanuary 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos After failing to reach its goals for revenue and profit, Apple has cut Tim Cook's salary by $1.5 million, marking a 15 percent reduction in his compensation.More Apple is still one of the most profitable companies in the world but after a tough year that saw a decline in sales and revenue, the Cupertino company has opted to cut the pay of several executives including CEO Tim Cook. The news of Cook's pay cut comes from a report from the Wall Street Journal, which spotted the change in compensation in a regulatory filing from Apple.  Cook will lose out on about $1.5 million, dropping his annual salary from $10.28 million in 2015 to $8.75 million in 2016. The 15 percent cut was the steepest issued by Apple, Though other executives were also affected. On average, the higher ups at the company saw a 9.6 percent year-on-year reduction in compensation. In the regulatory filing filed on Friday, Apple revealed it missed its targeted goals for both its revenue and operating income in 2016. It also failed to reach its stretch goals, the first time the company has failed to surpass the goals since 2009. According to Apple, its annual sales of $215.6 billion fell 3.7 percent below its target of $223.6 billion. The company's operating income came out to $60 billion, falling 0.5 percent short of its targeted $60.3 billion. As a result of falling short, company executives got 89.5 percentage of their targeted annual cash incentives. Apple struggled to maintain the astronomical sales figures it had previously achieved, seeing movement of its iPhone slide in 2016. The decline from historic highs resulted in the company’s first annual revenue decline since 2001 when it reported earnings in October. Despite its struggles, Apple is expected to report impressive sales figures when it reports its first quarter earnings in 2017 thanks to its strong holiday sales and the popularity of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. For Cook, the loss of money likely won't mean much. Apple's CEO voluntarily chose to receive the majority of his compensation in stock, and he netted $100 million in stock bonuses for serving five years as the head of the company. He liquidated a large chunk of his shares in Apple stock in 2016, netting him approximately $65 million, and continues to hold more than a million shares of the company. Cook announced in 2015 that he plans to give away most of his wealth over the course of his lifetime. Related Articles Apple Will Invest $1 Billion In SoftBank's Tech Fund Apple May Not Get Tax Concessions In India Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 567 messages8%73%19% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 124 messages6%65%29% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 243 messages5%61%34% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 862 messages5%56%39% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 35 messages10%59%31% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1641 messages6%67%27% Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam 906 messages3%69%28% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 372 messages6%67%27% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 4 messages0%75%25% Victoria Olsteen Hit With A New Lawsuit Classyhour.comSponsored ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1542 messages6%68%26% ‘Fame Can Change Things’: Aaron Rodgers’ Family Opens Up About Their Rift 427 messages3%79%18% Democratic lawmakers are boycotting Trump’s inauguration Ro: Obviously these people have nothing to contribute to this county. They are not even attempting to move forward. If you don't contribute, you should leave. The rest of us are working to make this country great again regrdless of our political affiliations. I'm so tired of the temper tantrums. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 20.5k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Apple cuts Tim Cook’s pay as iPhone sales fall PTI   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet A file photo of Apple CEO Tim Cook. Los Angeles, Jan 7:   iPhone maker Apple has cut its CEO Tim Cook’s salary by a whopping 15 per cent for 2016 as annual sales declined for the year, missing targets that also led to the tech giant’s first annual revenue decline in 15 years. The company gave the 56-year-old $8.75 million in total compensation last year, down from the $10.28 million he received in 2015, according to a Securities and Exchange (SEC) filing released yesterday. Cook’s salary rose to $3 million from $2 million last year — a 50 per cent increase, his cash bonus took a hit. Apple awarded Cook and other executives 89.5 per cent of their target, instead of the maximum amount like in recent years. Hence, Cook’s cash bonus fell to $5.4 million in 2016, down from $8 million the year before and declining for the first time since he assumed leadership of the company in 2011. Apple specifically cited the company’s failure to meet its performance goals for both sales and profits. Sales volume of the iPhone fell in fiscal 2016 for the first time since the device was introduced in 2007, causing the tech icon to suffer its first annual revenue decline in 15 years. The company said its annual sales were down nearly 4 per cent, or $215.6 billion, from its target of $223.6 billion, and its operating income was down 0.5 per cent from its target at $60 billion, according to the filing. “Overall, our 2016 performance with respect to net sales and operating income was 7.7 per cent and 15.7 per cent below our record-breaking 2015 levels,” Apple said in the filing. “However, the 2016 payouts to our named executive officers were significantly less than the annual cash incentive payouts for 2015, reflecting strong pay-for-performance alignment.” Apple’s rare sales slump is directly linked to the loss of momentum for the iPhone, which generates the majority of the company’s sales. Sales of iPhones have declined in each of the past three quarters, slipping to 45.5 million in the September quarter, with reports saying Apple has faced a steep competition from Samsung and other smartphone makes and the newest iPhones did not feature enough upgrades to attract customers. In October, Cook said that demand for the iPhone 7 and the bigger 7 Plus, which feature enhanced cameras and longer battery life, have outpaced supply though Apple would only report quarterly sales for those phones on January 31. (This article was published on January 7, 2017) Related TOPICS economy, business and finance | computing and information technology | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Most Popular MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Demonetisation shows ‘boldness’ of Modi: France Theresa May to lay out her cards in Brexit speech New scheme for Indian doctors in UK to plug shortages Trump says he may scrap Russia sanctions Tata Steel to pay millions into UK pension fund: report Bill targeting H1B visas reintroduced in US Congress BRICS nations establishing themselves as economic force: Kamath Moody’s to pay $864 mn to settle claims it inflated ratings Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS ‘No underhand dealing in KG gas field sale’ Need to relax 3% fiscal deficit target ‘Support system, business model vital for sporting success in India’ The needle has moved for Start-up India Jaitley urged to provide balm for demonetisation pains in Budget More » O P E N close Recent Article in World Theresa May to lay out her cards in Brexit speech British Prime Minister Theresa May is expected to lay out her cards on the UK’s Brexit strategy in a much-anticipated speech on Tuesday,... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions US FBI deletes details about hacking effort in document release Published January 07, 2017 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   The FBI has released 100 pages of heavily censored documents related to its agreement with an unidentified vendor to hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters, but it did not identify whom it paid to perform the work or how much it cost. The records were provided Friday in response to a federal lawsuit filed against the FBI by The Associated Press, Vice Media and Gannett, the parent company of USA Today. The media organizations sued in September to learn how much the FBI paid and who it hired to break into the phone of Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife killed 14 people at a holiday gathering of county workers in December 2015. The FBI for weeks had maintained that only Apple Inc. could access the information on its phone, which was protected by encryption, but ultimately broke or bypassed Apple's digital locks with the help of an unnamed third party. The FBI, in its records release Friday, censored critical details that would have shown how much the FBI paid, whom it hired and how it opened the phone. The files had been marked "secret" before they were turned over under the lawsuit. The files make clear that the FBI signed a nondisclosure agreement with the vendor. The records also show that the FBI received at least three inquiries from companies interested in developing a product to unlock the phone, but none had the ability to come up with a solution fast enough for the FBI. The FBI also said in contracting documents that it did not solicit competing bids or proposals because it thought widely disclosing the bureau's needs could harm national security. The lawsuit was filed months after the FBI's sudden announcement in March that it had purchased a tool from an unidentified third party to open Farook's phone. The disclosure aborted a court fight that began when a federal judge had directed Apple to help the FBI break into the phone. The suit by the media organizations argued there was no legal basis to withhold the information and challenged the adequacy of the FBI's search for relevant records. It also said the public had a right to know whether the vendor has adequate security measures, is a proper recipient of government funds and will act only in the public interest. In refusing to provide the records, the FBI said the records had been compiled for law enforcement purposes and might interfere with ongoing enforcement proceedings, even though at the time the shooters were both dead and there were no indications others were involved. It was the third lawsuit the AP has filed against the Obama administration under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Mexico's unfilled border tunnels a security risk, US officials say 2 Vietnam vet hunts clues to solve mystery of lost World War II purple heart 3 Man on FBI's 10 most-wanted list arrested in Texas 4 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 5 Midwestern ice storm falls short of dire predictions Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1088 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Las Vegas Sun January 15, 2017 Currently: 52° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Education NHL in Las Vegas Smith's World HS Basketball Newsletter signup 0 Comments Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales Richard Drew / AP In this April 30, 2015, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook responds to a question during a news conference in New York. Associated Press Saturday, Jan. 7, 2017 | 12:02 a.m. SAN FRANCISCO — Apple penalized CEO Tim Cook for the iPhone maker's first sales slump in 15 years with a 15 percent pay cut. Cook still did extremely well, with a compensation package valued at $8.7 million for Apple's fiscal year that ended Sept. 24, according to a regulatory filing made Friday. But the amount was down from nearly $10.3 million in the prior year. The Cupertino, California, company cited a downturn in Apple's revenue and operating profit as the main reason it cut the pay of Cook and its other top executives. Apple's revenue dropped 8 percent to $216 billion, while its operating profit declined 16 percent to $60 billion. That was mainly because it sold fewer iPhones for the first time since the device came out in 2007. It also marked the first time that Apple's annual revenue decreased since 2001, which was just before the company's late co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the iPod. That digital music player set the stage for the iPhone and iPad. The iPhone triggered a revolution in mobile computing and became Apple's biggest moneymaker, even as a wide range of device makers released competing products primarily running on Google's free Android software. Most of the world's smartphones are powered by Android, but the iPhone remains a popular high-priced status symbol. Even so, consumers are holding on to their existing iPhones for longer periods instead of upgrading to a newer model every year or two. That has raised investor concerns that Apple has become too dependent on the iPhone, a nagging worry that has been aggravated by the company's inability to introduce another breakthrough product since Jobs' death in 2011. Cook, Jobs' anointed successor, had hoped Apple would have another huge hit with a smartwatch unveiled in 2014, but that device has only had moderate success. Apple's regulatory filing revealed that the company was bracing for a sales drop last year, although not quite as steep as what occurred. The compensation committee for Apple's board of directors had established a revenue goal of $224 billion for last year, which would have been a 4 percent decline from the previous year. The company expected sales to rebound during the holiday shopping season on hopes that consumers would be snapping up its latest iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus. Apple will release its quarterly results that include the holidays later this month. 0 Comments Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend Recipe: Ricotta grilled cheese with tomato soup Former addict finds freedom and strength in ultrarunning Chaparral grad remembered for hard work, character as a person and an athlete Metro Police officer dragged by vehicle during stop Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Gordon Ramsay: A few fast hours in the L.V. life of the famed chef Dining: Sage satisfies winter cravings Keith Sweat: Set for intimate residency Featured Galleries The Compassion Experience Otakon Vegas 2017 Punisher Skateboards Contest More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 15 Sun 16 Mon 17 Tue 18 Wed 19 Thu PMA Networking Cocktail Brunch Pampas Churrascaria Brazillian Grille | 9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. Disney on Ice presents Worlds of Enchantment The Thomas & Mack Center DJ Franzen Drai's All events on Sunday » Monday Night Pigskin Parties South Point Showroom Rex Dart and the Bargain DJ Collective Double Down Saloon Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas All events on Monday » A Room of One's Own Left of Center Art Gallery | noon to 3 p.m. Vegas Women Connect Chow | 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Motown the Musical Smith Center for the Performing Arts All events on Tuesday » Alzheimer’s: Every Minute Counts Screening Optum, 2716 N. Tenaya Way, Las Vegas | 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Toruk—The First Flight T-Mobile Arena Henderson State of the City 2017 Green Valley Ranch Grand Event Center | noon to 1:30 p.m. All events on Wednesday » Las Vegas Jewish Film Festival Multiple venues Steel Panther Drai's Toruk—The First Flight T-Mobile Arena All events on Thursday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Co-sponsor Associate Sponsors Firstpost . Monday, January 16, 2017 Latest E-book Switch to हिन्दी NewsTracker Election dates announced for UP, Goa, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Manipur polls Front Page Politics BJP's central election committee holds meet to finalise candidates for UP and Uttarakhand polls Goa Assembly election 2017: Congress releases second list of candidates Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017: EC may give order on SP symbol dispute on Monday Nitish Kumar should take responsibility for boat tragedy in Sabbalpur diara: Sushil Modi Punjab Election 2017: Harsimrat Kaur Badal alleges 'secret seat-sharing arrangement' between AAP, Congress Punjab election 2017: Sukhbir asks Sidhu why he was missing from state for seven months Sports Premier League: Jose Mourinho wants Manchester United to sharpen up following Liverpool draw India vs England: Virat Kohli lauds Kedar Jadhav's brilliant knock, says even he was in awe India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli's brilliance brutally exposed visitors' prosaic bowling attack Premier League: Manchester City thrashed by Everton, Zlatan Ibrahimovic rescues Manchester United India vs England, 1st ODI Highlights: Hosts win by 3 wickets; go 1-0 up in the series India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav's efforts hailed by Twitterati India Video of Sikh soldier singing about grievances surfaces despite army chief's warning Panel recommends reservation for girls in IITs to deal with low number of female students Arun Jaitley looks to break deadlock at GST meeting today Learning from BSF, CRPF video incidents: Leave our armed forces personnel alone Demonetisation fallout: Hit hard by note ban, realty sector awaits 'white money' buyers Box Office: 'Hidden Figures' Prevails as 'Monster Trucks,' Ben Affleck's 'Live by Night' Bomb | Reuters World Brexit a great thing, EU will continue to break apart: Donald Trump Ice storm pelts central U.S., upper Midwest | Reuters Iran says it will not renegotiate nuclear deal | Reuters Israel, Palestinians warned against taking unilateral measures harmful to peace | Reuters Major powers warn Israel, Palestinians against unilateral measures harmful to peace | Reuters Kerry says inappropriate to mention possible U.S. embassy move to Jerusalem | Reuters Business Just 8 billionaires hold half the world's wealth; Oxfam study says rich-poor gap 'obscene' Public sector banks may get more than Rs 25,000 cr govt capital this week Arun Jaitley looks to break deadlock at GST meeting today Petrol price up by 42 paise a litre, diesel Rs 1.03 Amazon's tricolour doormat: On Twitter, Shaktikanta Das warns company not to be 'flippant' Finance ministry insists it respects RBI's independence and autonomy Life Travel longer, for lesser: How we prepared to become full time travellers Beijing travel diary: Playing charades with strangers; visiting the Great Wall, tea houses Why I run: Four marathoners on what drives them to go the distance; before SCMM 2017 Spot the irony: Patanjali's new product 'Gonyle' is a floor cleaner, which contains cow urine Scientists identify biomarker that may predict depression in pregnant women Delhi Book Fair 2017: The Indian Publisher seems to be pursuing buyers, not readers Entertainment Best Indian Films 2016: Thithi, Visaranai and others prove small can be big, beautiful, bold Koffee with Karan season 5: Kareena, Sonam make an entertaining episode 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards 2017: See Alia Bhatt, Sidharth Malhotra's red carpet style Jio Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt, Dangal win top honours Rishi Kapoor looks back on a life in the movies in Khullam Khulla: But is it really 'Uncensored'? The Batman Lego Movie might be DC's chance at redemption after Batman vs Superman Photos Videos Budget 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News World News FBI deletes details in released document on hacking effort in San Bernardino case AP Jan, 07 2017 13:37:45 IST #Appple #California #Cyber crime #Fbi #Hacking #Iphone #Newstracker #Obama #United states Washington: The FBI has released 100 pages of heavily censored documents related to its agreement with an unidentified vendor to hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters, but it did not identify whom it paid to perform the work or how much it cost. The records were provided Friday in response to a federal lawsuit filed against the FBI by The Associated Press, Vice Media and Gannett, the parent company of USA Today. The media organizations sued in September to learn how much the FBI paid and who it hired to break into the phone of Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife killed 14 people at a holiday gathering of county workers in December 2015. The FBI for weeks had maintained that only Apple Inc. could access the information on its phone, which was protected by encryption, but ultimately broke or bypassed Apple's digital locks with the help of an unnamed third party. Representational image. AP The FBI, in its records release Friday, censored critical details that would have shown how much the FBI paid, whom it hired and how it opened the phone. The files had been marked "secret" before they were turned over under the lawsuit. The files make clear that the FBI signed a nondisclosure agreement with the vendor. The records also show that the FBI received at least three inquiries from companies interested in developing a product to unlock the phone, but none had the ability to come up with a solution fast enough for the FBI. The FBI also said in contracting documents that it did not solicit competing bids or proposals because it thought widely disclosing the bureau's needs could harm national security. The lawsuit was filed months after the FBI's sudden announcement in March that it had purchased a tool from an unidentified third party to open Farook's phone. The disclosure aborted a court fight that began when a federal judge had directed Apple to help the FBI break into the phone. The suit by the media organizations argued there was no legal basis to withhold the information and challenged the adequacy of the FBI's search for relevant records. It also said the public had a right to know whether the vendor has adequate security measures, is a proper recipient of government funds and will act only in the public interest. In refusing to provide the records, the FBI said the records had been compiled for law enforcement purposes and might interfere with ongoing enforcement proceedings, even though at the time the shooters were both dead and there were no indications others were involved. It was the third lawsuit the AP has filed against the Obama administration under the US Freedom of Information Act. #Appple #California #Cyber crime #Fbi #Hacking #Iphone #Newstracker #Obama #United states Also See Trump accepts US intelligence on Russia hacking, says top aide Florida airport shootout suspect had 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq, claims family Michelle Obama's emotional farewell speech: Life's 'greatest honor' was being first lady Barack Obama makes his farewell speech in Chicago: A timeline of his memorable quotes Top Stories Amazon's tricolour doormat: On Twitter, Shaktikanta Das warns company not to be 'flippant' I Preyed on Children, Sexually Abused Them, Confesses Delhi Tailor Sushma Swaraj vs Amazon: Not the first display of insubstantial nationalism India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav tons help hosts pull off stunning chase 5 financial moves I must undertake in 2017 Navjot Singh Sidhu joins Congress, meets Rahul Gandhi, ahead of Punjab Assembly election 2017 Koffee with Karan season 5: Kareena, Sonam make an entertaining episode Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 NED Vs OMN Netherlands beat Oman by 5 wickets England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND Vs ENG India beat England by 3 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Pakistan beat Australia by 6 wickets Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 AFG Vs IRE Afghanistan beat Ireland by 5 wickets Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK Vs SCO Scotland beat Hong Kong by 24 runs Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Australia beat Pakistan by 92 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 SA Vs SL South Africa beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 118 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN Live Now Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 27 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 47 runs Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs OMN - Jan 16th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 UAE vs AFG - Jan 16th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 NED vs SCO - Jan 17th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 UAE vs IRE - Jan 18th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs NED - Jan 18th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS vs PAK - Jan 19th, 2017, 08:50 AM IST England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Jan 19th, 2017, 01:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 OMN vs SCO - Jan 19th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 20th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 TBC vs TBC - Jan 20th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Budget 2014 Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Think India Budget 2014 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of use Privacy
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Ahead of the Crowd 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year The stocks featured here can do well under a broad range of policies argues Kate Warne of Edward Jones. By Jack Hough Biography Jan. 6, 2017 7:44 a.m. ET With Congress back in session is it time to sell stocks? A 2006 study found that returns tend to be lower and volatility higher when Congress is in session. This week, Morgan Stanley published a report titled, “Buy the Election and Sell the Inauguration?” It looks at the possibility that even if earnings growth continues to pick up after Trump takes office, the stock market’s price-to-earnings ratio could contract due to higher... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Change editions from the US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news US politics world news environment business tech science money opinion opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning columnists sport sport home soccer NFL MLS MLB NBA NHL tennis arts culture home film tv & radio music art & design books stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out apps jobs crosswords video Facebook Twitter sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Technology Is it time to swap your Mac for a Windows laptop? Over a decade ago Alex Hern switched from PC to Mac and never looked back. But the new MacBook Pro’s very expensive so could he finally be tempted to switch again? Are Apple users better off switching from the MacBook Pro to Microsoft’s much less expensive Surface Book. Composite: Samuel Gibbs Technology Is it time to swap your Mac for a Windows laptop? Over a decade ago Alex Hern switched from PC to Mac and never looked back. But the new MacBook Pro’s very expensive so could he finally be tempted to switch again? Alex Hern @alexhern Saturday 7 January 2017 03.00 EST Last modified on Saturday 7 January 2017 03.03 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close I’ve been an Apple user for over a decade, ever since I picked up a refurbished 17in PowerBook back in 2005 to replace my ailing Windows XP box. But last month, after Apple announced its most expensive new MacBook Pros in almost 15 years, I reconsidered my decision for the first time and, for the past few weeks, I’ve been back on a Windows PC. I wasn’t always a Mac user. My first three computers were PCs, although the house I grew up in had an ailing, hated Power Mac Performa. My reasons for switching in my teens were fairly simple: I’d been playing fewer and fewer PC games, and spending increasing amounts of time using my computer to manage the music library linked to my iPod. I was one of those switchers, surprised by the elegance of Apple’s music player and convinced to take the plunge into their full desktop operating system. The laptop wasn’t cheap, but it made shuttling between my separated parents’ houses much easier. And while I missed being able to play the full library of PC games I’d built up over the years, it was an exciting time to be moving to the Mac OS world. Plus, World of Warcraft was cross-platform, which was all the gaming I needed for a good while. Ten years on, I’m a fairly default Apple user. I’m on my sixth iPhone, second iPad and third Mac; I have an Apple TV at home, Apple branded keyboard on my desktop, and even an Apple AA battery charger, from the days when they made them. But the twin punches of a Brexit-led depreciation of the pound, and Apple releasing a new range of MacBook Pros with the least bang-for-your-buck in recent memory, made me think twice. The cheapest Mac that would be sufficient for my needs, a 13in MacBook Pro with 512GB of storage space and 16GB of ram, comes in at well over £2,000, yet is barely more powerful than the machine it’s replacing, a 15in retina MacBook Pro from four years ago that cost just over £1,500 at the time. So I switched back. For the past month, I’ve been using the Surface Book, the top-of-the-line laptop sold by, of all people, Microsoft. It’s been an experience. Great-ish expectations Facebook Twitter Pinterest Microsoft Surface Book Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian My expectations going in were uncertain. I know Windows has evolved radically since I last used it, back in the XP era, and has even changed since the last time I used it in anger, shortly after the launch of Windows 8.1. The current latest version of the operating system, Windows 10 (confusingly, only one version later than 8.1; the story goes that too many developers wrote code referring to Windows 95 and 98 as “9*”, meaning an actual Windows 9 would break compatibility), is generally considered a good thing. It meshes the new Windows experience of version 8 with an old-style desktop more elegantly than previous versions, while consigning ever more of the cruft deep into nested menus and offering a slick experience for first-time users. I was also given hope by the machine. After an awkward start with the first version of the Surface back in 2012, then pitched as an iPad competitor, Microsoft has become one of the best manufacturers of Windows PCs there is. The Surface Book is a delicious machine, masquerading as a MacBook Pro-class laptop but with a fully detachable touchscreen that opens it up to a whole new range of uses. The quality of the Surface machines has caused problems when it comes to Microsoft’s relationships with its hardware partners, who tended to expect Microsoft to be content raking in millions with the licensing fees for Windows, rather than competing with them directly for profit from hardware manufacturing. But for now, the company has been content to sit on the edge of the market, making niche devices for the power user. Despite all of that, I had a fair amount of trepidation. Memories of blue screens of death, of driver conflicts, of cleaning out my registry and restoring the system after a malware infection, are hard to shake, as is the general hangover from my youth of Microsoft as the Great Satan of the tech world. As Zuckerberg is to the 2010s, Gates was to the 1990s: ever-present, professionally amoral, and incredibly, unflappably, successful. But Gates is gone, as is Ballmer. This is Satya Nadella’s company now, and the Microsoft of this generation is everything the Microsoft of the 90s – or the Facebook of today – isn’t: humble, quiet, content with success where it can win and partnerships where it can’t, and as proud of working with competitors as Gates was of crushing them. In short, it’s a Microsoft that I could consider being friends with. It couldn’t be that bad. Switching pains The worst thing about switching, it turns out, is switching. I’m not trying to be tautological. But the bulk of the unpleasantness I’ve experienced actually making this change hasn’t been inherent to Windows, but has either come about because of the differences between the two operating systems, or even just the difficulties in actually getting up and running from day one. Some of the problems are as simple, but nonetheless infuriating, as different keyboard shortcuts. A lifetime of muscle memory has told me that Command-Space brings up Spotlight, which is the main way I opened programmes on my Mac. The same shortcut on Windows 10 is to simply hit the Windows key, which invokes Cortana, Microsoft’s AI assistant, and then typing in the name of the programme you want to open. Facebook Twitter Pinterest It’s just all so ... blue. Photograph: Shannon Stapleton/REUTERS Similar mismatches appear in areas like window management, alt-tab behaviour, and programme installation. It’s a push to say which is better (though I maintain that running an installer is less elegant than just dragging an app into the Apps folder), but whichever you’re used to, the other will be worse until you re-educate yourself. That’s not to say I didn’t have plenty to complain about, though. That Spotlight/Cortana mismatch, for instance? It wouldn’t have been so bad, except that Windows maps the alt key to the location of the command key on Macs, and alt-space is the Windows shortcut for switching languages, so every time I failed to invoke Spotlight, I would accidentally switch the language my computer was set up in, resetting my keyboard to a US English layout. That was an annoying problem. Worse was that I didn’t actually have two languages set up on the Surface Book in the first place. And yet, hovering in the bottom right, permanently, was a little box showing whether I was running in UK English or US English, with no option in sight to remove it. In the end, I had to turn to Twitter for troubleshooting advice. We determined that there was no option to remove the US English language because there was no US English language set up. So to remove it, all I had to do was go into a language menu, add English (United States) as an option, and then remove English (United States) as an option. I know. But it worked, so who am I to complain. I’m also firmly aware that a critical eye on Mac OS will reveal many similar bugs. Mac users, particularly long-term, slightly jaundiced, Mac users, have long become familiar with the hollow laugh and invocation of Apple’s erstwhile marketing slogan “It Just Works” as something emphatically continues to not Just Work. In fact, that phrase has been uttered in irony so many times that it’s easy to forget that it really does come from a place of competitive advantage for Apple. That advantage has largely been eroded over the years, as Microsoft has cottoned on to the joys of vertical integration, plug and play accessories, and standards-compliant behaviour. But not entirely. Plugging in an external mouse (an utterly standard Microsoft-made laser mouse), I was annoyed to find that I couldn’t reverse the scrolling behaviour on the scroll wheel to match that of the in-built trackpad. It’s one thing to have to relearn behaviours when you switch machines, it’s another to have to re-learn them every time you plug in a peripheral. About an hour of fruitless Googling later – including several suggestions to install obsolete utilities, hack the registry, or roll back to an earlier version of Windows – and I discovered the way to do what I wanted. I had to download drivers for my mouse. Facebook Twitter Pinterest It just works … Steve Jobs with the MacBook Pro in 2008. Photograph: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images If you’re young, a Mac user, or not particularly technical, that might not mean much. Drivers are the small pieces of software that tell the operating system how to work with hardware, from complex components like graphics cards to simple accessories like this mouse. But the necessity, or not, of drivers for accessories was a big part of that competitive push by Apple, which made a point of ensuring out-of-the-box support for many of the most commonly used peripherals like printers, cameras and mice. When Steve Jobs said “it just works”, this is the sort of thing he was referring to: the ability to plug in a mouse and have it Just Work. Installing drivers for a mouse to enable a niche behaviour is no great hardship, but it still left me moderately concerned. Microsoft made both the mouse and the laptop, yet the two weren’t able to play nicely together without my intervention. This digging in the nuts and bolts of the machine was not something I had missed. Touching the void The Microsoft of 2016 has a split personality. In many ways, the split is the same that it’s had for the past 20 years, between its desire for continuity and its desire for reinvention and technological leadership. Where the company is successful today is where that latter desire is ascendant, and the Surface Book is the best example of a forward-looking Microsoft you can find. It’s a fantastic machine. Small and powerful, with a long battery life, it impresses as a laptop, but its real strengths are revealed when you undock the screen from its base. Being able to carry my laptop around the kitchen when doing the weekly shop, before docking it back and typing up some recipes, was genuinely cool. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Not being an illustrator, a graphic designer, or even a graphic thinker, the ability to pop out my laptop and write on it with a stylus was never that useful. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian Unfortunately, cool is all it was for me. The ability to pop out my laptop and write on it with a (very accurate) stylus was never that useful. If anything, it served to underscore how efficient the keyboard-and-touchpad combo is for a lot of hefty tasks. I had a similar experience with the ability to use the touchscreen while the Surface Book was in laptop mode. I simply didn’t do it much, and most of the time when I did, it was just to see if I could. Occasionally, the touchscreen was actively bad. My first time opening Windows Mail, I was greeted with a helpful popover showing that I could swipe mails to the left to archive them. But I couldn’t work out how: click and drag? Two-fingered swipe on the touchpad? The answer, of course, is to reach up to the screen, and swipe that way. A shortcut it is not, particularly if the screen is up on a dock and you’re already using a keyboard and mouse. Incidentally, unlike many hybrid laptops, the base isn’t just a keyboard: it also contains a second battery, and a number of hardware components including a discrete GPU. (One downside of that setup: if you let the screen run out of battery while undocked, you can’t re-dock it until you’ve charged it separately, even if the base still has some power left). PCs are from Mars If this sounds like a long list of nitpicks, it’s because ... well, it is. For all the existential battles that have been fought over Windows versus Mac, there’s little to distinguish the two on any important level. The platforms have converged on everything but aesthetics and personal preferences. Both have a locked-down store which power users ignore; both are fighting for relevance in a world of web apps and mobile-first design; both feel the weight of versions past sitting on their shoulders. If you asked me to explain why, despite it all, I’ve put my money down for a MacBook Pro rather than buying the Surface Book from Microsoft (which loaned the device for this trial), I can give you some reasons that feel solid enough for me. I was shocked by the amount of advertising and cross-promotion riddled throughout the OS, from adverts for apps in the start menu, to a persistent pop-up offering a free trial of Office 365. I was surprised by the paucity of solid third-party apps in general, and particularly by the lack of any good consumer productivity suite. When the most common recommendation, for services from photo storage to calendaring, is “just use Google’s web apps”, there’s a hole waiting to be filled (though maybe that’s just my dislike of web apps in general). It feels like the Mac dev scene is full of teams making fully featured apps that compete with the big companies, while Windows devs are more content to make niche utilities which serve particular needs without needing to start a war. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The MacBook Pro is up to £1,000 more expensive than the Surface Book. Photograph: Dominic Lipinski/PA I disliked the lack of a smart sleep mode, meaning my computer would often be flat when I opened it up in the morning because some utility had been running in the background. I hated the difficulty in typing special characters, from foreign accents to ellipses and em-dashes. I hated the lack of a universal paste-as-plain-text shortcut, and I mourned the loss of iMessage access on the desktop for texting my girlfriend. Most of all, though, I couldn’t stand the small irritations, from the failure of Chrome windows to correctly adapt when dragged from a high-res screen to a low-res one, to the trackpad’s inability to accurately click when I used it with my thumb rather than my finger. I don’t pretend that those irritations are unique to Windows, or even that they aren’t things I couldn’t have fixed with time, effort or re-education. But the problem is, fixing them isn’t worth it: the difference just isn’t there. That’s true whichever way you’re thinking of switching. If you’re a Windows user nodding along with my problems, I can guarantee you that within a month of switching to Mac, you’ll have a list just as long. Maybe one day, one or other platform will have a commanding lead. For some use-cases, that’s already happened: gamers have Windows, while iOS developers have Mac, to state two obvious examples. But for now, for the vast majority, it’s hard to say there’s anything in it. Except, of course, for price. Because these problems are minor, and a price difference of up to £1,000 isn’t. The Surface Book is around the same price as the new MacBook Pro, but many other high-quality laptops aren’t: you’ll easily find models like Dell’s XPS range or Lenovo’s Thinkpads for hundreds of pounds less than a comparably-specced MacBook. For me, with four years of saving for a new Mac, good credit, and risk-aversion to digital irritation, it’s worth paying through the nose to stick with what I know. But it might not be the case for you. Switching isn’t a panacea, and there’s no silver bullet out there – no Windows computer that will be anything better than a bit annoying for former Mac users – but before you get too complacent, I have a feeling the same is true the other way round. Ultimately, the question comes down to how much you’re prepared to pay to keep things the same as they have been. For me, it turns out that figure’s quite high. More features Topics Microsoft Computing Apple Laptops Internet Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Microsoft Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Companies Apple Apple cut CEO Tim Cook's salary last year as company failed to meet targets Despite the slump the top six employees of the company took home more than $100m in collective pay. By Agamoni Ghosh January 7, 2017 06:46 GMT Apple CEO Tim Cook thinks augmented reality will be bigger than virtual realityAndrew Burton/Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook received a cut in his annual salary in 2016 along with other top executives as the iPhone maker failed to meet expected sales and profit targets the company has revealed. Cook received $8.7m (£7m) in total pay, compared to nearly $10.3m the previous year. Although his base salary increased from $2m to $3m, his bonus component dropped. "Apple was below its target performance goals for both net sales and operating income, resulting in a payout of each named executive officer's annual cash incentive at 89.5 percent of target," the company said in its filing. Although Apple posted better than expected profit margins in Q4 of 2016, its iPhone sales continued to decline for the third quarter in a row. In addition, Macs and Watch sales in China and the US particularly were down from the year before. Despite this slump the top six employees of Apple took home more than $100m in collective pay. This includes Cook, CFO Luca Maestri, retail chief Angela Ahrendts, iTunes and services head Eddy Cue, legal head Bruce Sewell and hardware engineering lead Dan Riccio. Apple, which is expected to report its first quarter results on 31 January, expects its revenue to shine on account of holiday sales of the iPhone 7 and the new Macbook range. More from IBTimes UK Apple's first retail store in South Korea will open in Samsung's back garden Apple, Foxconn, Qualcomm and Oracle founder Larry Ellison to invest in SoftBank Vision Fund Apple removes New York Times app in China for 'violation of local regulations' Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Nintendo Switch preview: Hands-on with 1-2 Switch’s cow-milking and samurai training Columnists Ed Vaizey MP “The PM is being coy about what Brexit means because she knows that words move markets READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Windows 10 Creators Update to get new Bluetooth features These features are currently available for Windows Insiders via a new... Android 7.0 Nougat tips and tricks for OnePlus 3 Check out the tips and tricks for your handset running the latest... Samsung's foldable smartphone's render shows three screens being folded into one The render indicates that users will no longer have to opt for a... 1-2 Switch preview: Cow-milking and gunslingin' in Nintendo's Joy-Con mini-game fest Our hands-on first impressions of the bizarre mini-game collection. Android creator Andy Rubin plans comeback with high-end smartphone to challenge Google and Apple The phone will be produced under a new company called Essential,... Keeper Security reveals the most common passwords of 2016 and they're embarrassingly terrible The most common password of 2016 hasn't changed from that of 2015. Nokia may join Samsung and LG in foldable smartphone race latest patent filing shows The company had earlier filed for a flexible ribbon-like battery... How businesses can learn from the first wave of AI Businesses that do not have a robust data-centric culture to drive AI... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Weak Apple Performance And Missed Goals Deal $1.5 Million Blow To CEO Tim Cook's Salary For 2016 7 January 2017, 2:41 am EST By Alexandra Burlacu Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing Fascinating Facts About Steve JobsNow Playing Apple missed its revenue and profit goals in 2016 and the weak performance took a toll on its top executives' pay. Apple CEO Tim Cook, for instance, took a $1.5 million blow.  ( Stephen Lam | Getty Images ) Advertisement Apple had a disappointing performance and missed its targets so top executives, including company CEO Tim Cook, made less money in 2016. More specifically, as the company missed both its revenue and profit goals for the first time since at least 2009, Cook received $1.5 million less compensation for the year. Since late CEO Steve Jobs left the company in Cook's hands, Apple has received a steady stream of criticism over not being innovative enough. Even so, Apple still managed to exceed its stretch goals year after year, up until now. Apple In 2016: Missed Goals And Weak Performance For the first time since Tim Cook took over as CEO, Apple's revenue and operating income missed both targeted and stretched goals for the year, the company reveals in a regulatory filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Apple's iPhone was the most-wanted gift for the recently ended holiday season and Apple ranked top in holiday device activations, managing to surpass Samsung, but a good holiday season was not enough to turn things around and make up for the rest of the year. Apple Executives' Pay Shrinks With a weak overall performance and missed goals, Apple executives were not able to maximize the cash incentives included in their compensation packages. In past years when it reached its goals, Apple offered its executives the maximum total payout, maxing out the full potential cash incentives. For 2016, the compensation was substantially lower, but that doesn't mean the executives walked out empty-handed. Tim Cook got $8.75 million in total 2016 compensation, marking a $1.5 drop from the $10.3 million he received in 2015. Other executives were affected by the weak performance as well, receiving lower pay in 2016 than in 2015. "Apple delivered another year of strong financial results in 2016. However, the two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels," Apple explains in its filing. "These results were below the target performance goals set by the Compensation Committee. As a result, the annual cash incentive payouts to our named executive officers were below target." Downward Spiral Apple's disappointing performance is no longer a surprise anymore. The company has been facing declining sales for a few quarters in a row now as its iPhone, iPad, and Mac performance got weaker. The iPhone still accounted for 63 percent of Apple's total revenue for 2016, but the sales' slump and sluggish growth in the market took a heavy toll nonetheless. According to the filing, Cook's pay dropped 15 percent in 2016, as opposed to a 9.6 percent decline on average for the company's other top executives. Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri, for instance, received $22.8 million for the year, of which $20 million were in stock awards, marking a 10 percent decline. Lastly, Apple revealed that it made $215.6 billion in sales for the year, 3.7 percent lower than its target of $223.6 billion. Its operating income, meanwhile, stood at $60 billion, 0.5 percent lower than the $60.3 billion target. TAG Apple, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Revenue Loss, iPhone Sales, Business, Compensation © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple Retail Store Opening Soon In South Korea Apple To Decrease iPhone Production By 10 Percent In The First Quarter Of 2017: Report A Decade Of iPhone: How Much Has It Evolved? Holiday Shoppers Place Apple On Top, Samsung Ranks Second In Device Activation: Flurry Apple Beat Samsung In Phone Activations, But After The Holiday Shopping Rush Comes Phone Fatigue From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1088 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Previous Story Highlights from DNI report on Russia and election hacking Next Story Zimbabwe succession scuffle turns into tempest in a tea cup Home » The Associated Press » Government News » FBI deletes details about… FBI deletes details about hacking effort in document release By ERIC TUCKER January 7, 2017 5:02 am Share WASHINGTON (AP) — The FBI has released 100 pages of heavily censored documents related to its agreement with an unidentified vendor to hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters, but it did not identify whom it paid to perform the work or how much it cost. The records were provided Friday in response to a federal lawsuit filed against the FBI by The Associated Press, Vice Media and Gannett, the parent company of USA Today. The media organizations sued in September to learn how much the FBI paid and who it hired to break into the phone of Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife killed 14 people at a holiday gathering of county workers in December 2015. The FBI for weeks had maintained that only Apple Inc. could access the information on its phone, which was protected by encryption, but ultimately broke or bypassed Apple’s digital locks with the help of an unnamed third party. Thrift Savings Plan: The problem with the I Fund The FBI, in its records release Friday, censored critical details that would have shown how much the FBI paid, whom it hired and how it opened the phone. The files had been marked “secret” before they were turned over under the lawsuit. Advertisement The files make clear that the FBI signed a nondisclosure agreement with the vendor. The records also show that the FBI received at least three inquiries from companies interested in developing a product to unlock the phone, but none had the ability to come up with a solution fast enough for the FBI. The FBI also said in contracting documents that it did not solicit competing bids or proposals because it thought widely disclosing the bureau’s needs could harm national security. The lawsuit was filed months after the FBI’s sudden announcement in March that it had purchased a tool from an unidentified third party to open Farook’s phone. The disclosure aborted a court fight that began when a federal judge had directed Apple to help the FBI break into the phone. The suit by the media organizations argued there was no legal basis to withhold the information and challenged the adequacy of the FBI’s search for relevant records. It also said the public had a right to know whether the vendor has adequate security measures, is a proper recipient of government funds and will act only in the public interest. In refusing to provide the records, the FBI said the records had been compiled for law enforcement purposes and might interfere with ongoing enforcement proceedings, even though at the time the shooters were both dead and there were no indications others were involved. It was the third lawsuit the AP has filed against the Obama administration under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act. Topics: Business News Government News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » FBI deletes details about… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Government News Previous Story Highlights from DNI report on Russia and election hacking Next Story Zimbabwe succession scuffle turns into tempest in a tea cup Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad FBI deletes details about hacking effort in document release By Associated Press Published: 05:10 EST, 7 January 2017 | Updated: 05:10 EST, 7 January 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) — The FBI has released 100 pages of heavily censored documents related to its agreement with an unidentified vendor to hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters, but it did not identify whom it paid to perform the work or how much it cost. The records were provided Friday in response to a federal lawsuit filed against the FBI by The Associated Press, Vice Media and Gannett, the parent company of USA Today. The media organizations sued in September to learn how much the FBI paid and who it hired to break into the phone of Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife killed 14 people at a holiday gathering of county workers in December 2015. The FBI for weeks had maintained that only Apple Inc. could access the information on its phone, which was protected by encryption, but ultimately broke or bypassed Apple's digital locks with the help of an unnamed third party. FILE - In this Feb. 17, 2016 file photo an iPhone is seen in Washington. The FBI on Jan. 6, 2017 released 100 pages of heavily censored documents related to its agreement with a mysterious vendor to hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters, but it did not identify who it paid to perform the work or how much it cost. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) The FBI, in its records release Friday, censored critical details that would have shown how much the FBI paid, whom it hired and how it opened the phone. The files had been marked "secret" before they were turned over under the lawsuit. The files make clear that the FBI signed a nondisclosure agreement with the vendor. The records also show that the FBI received at least three inquiries from companies interested in developing a product to unlock the phone, but none had the ability to come up with a solution fast enough for the FBI. The FBI also said in contracting documents that it did not solicit competing bids or proposals because it thought widely disclosing the bureau's needs could harm national security. The lawsuit was filed months after the FBI's sudden announcement in March that it had purchased a tool from an unidentified third party to open Farook's phone. The disclosure aborted a court fight that began when a federal judge had directed Apple to help the FBI break into the phone. The suit by the media organizations argued there was no legal basis to withhold the information and challenged the adequacy of the FBI's search for relevant records. It also said the public had a right to know whether the vendor has adequate security measures, is a proper recipient of government funds and will act only in the public interest. In refusing to provide the records, the FBI said the records had been compiled for law enforcement purposes and might interfere with ongoing enforcement proceedings, even though at the time the shooters were both dead and there were no indications others were involved. It was the third lawsuit the AP has filed against the Obama administration under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Help using this website - Accessibility statement afr Search afr AFR News More Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports RBA Interview Series Business More Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business More Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets More Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate More Commercial Residential Opinion More Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Technology More Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance More Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs More Portfolio Management Leadership More Management Careers Innovation Entrepreneur Workplace BRW Lists Lifestyle More Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars Bikes & Boats Health Home Design All More News Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports Rear Window Business Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate Commercial Residential Domain Prestige Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Technology Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs Leadership Management Careers Company Culture Innovation Entrepreneur BRW Lists Lifestyle Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars, Bikes & Boats Health Home Design The Australian Financial Review Magazine Luxury The Sophisticated Traveller My Saved Articles (0) Done Select All Remove News My Saved Searches 0 Done Select all Delete Home Technology Mobiles & Tablets Apple For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Jan 7 2017 at 11:18 AM Updated Jan 7 2017 at 11:18 AM Save article Print Ten years of the iPhone: How the Apple product changed our lives Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit When Apple introduced the iPhone 10 years ago, skeptics pounced. But today, we couldn't imagine a world without them. CHINATOPIX When Apple introduced the iPhone 10 years ago, skeptics pounced. Sure, the iPhone was a bright, shiny object, another product crazed Apple lovers would line up to buy, as they always did. But the phone was a hodgepodge, a Swiss Army knife of functions trying to do too much, critics said. It had no stylus, no keyboard buttons, no secure email for business users. People would never type long emails on it. One analyst predicted "a backlash of sorts as people figure out how much this thing doesn't do." The iPhone's biggest booster, then-Apple CEO Steve Jobs, knew the device's potential as he took the stage in San Francisco on January 9, 2007. "Every once in awhile, a revolutionary product comes along that changes the world," he said. "Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone." Jobs turned out to be right. The iPhone was the device that "conditioned us to expect to be connected to the global network every moment of the day," said Paul Saffo, a longtime tech industry observer. And that conditioning changed everything. Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up the iPhone in 2007. AP The following year, Apple created the iPhone App Store, a centralised market opening up the device to software developers. Meanwhile, other smartphone manufacturers like HTC and Samsung sold their own handsets with multitouch interfaces relying on Google's Android operating system. They, too, opened app stores. Related Quotes 5 years 1 Day Last updated: Updating... Last updated: Updating... View full quote Company Profile ASX Announcements Expand ASX Announcements View all announcements Today, more than two-thirds of Americans carry a smartphone, up 6 per cent from the prior year, according to eMarketer. With smartphone apps, people call an Uber, find a date through Tinder, look for jobs on LinkedIn, watch videos on YouTube, play Angry Birds, control their home thermostats and so on. Our smartphones have become so critical to our lives there's an app for finding a lost or stolen one. The iPhone (along with its smartphone competitors) has gone from being "a fetish to the tool for mediating modern life," said Mike McGuire, a vice president of research at Gartner. (In 2007 at the iPhone unveiling, he came close to conveying what would happen, telling me, "once you have the thing, you will want to carry it all the time.") To test how deeply embedded smartphones are, try to live without one. Turning it off while camping or out at sea doesn't count. When I recently destroyed my iPhone in the rain, I managed to stay calm with some deep breathing. It was a Saturday. I'd be fine turning to my laptop for email and doing internet searches. I have a house phone. "Look at me, I can function without a smartphone," I thought. "It's still possible." That was the first hour. Without Maps or Waze, Google's navigation app, I got lost picking up my daughter at a school across town. I couldn't look up the address or text anyone to help. I drove around in concentric circles hoping to stumble on where I needed to go. In the end, I had to wave down a mail deliverer. If anyone still knew their way without a smartphone, she would. Our phones have become an extension of our lives. iStock Yes, it's ridiculous how much many of us rely on this thing now but oh well. Still, there are downsides to this always-connected life. More than 70 per cent of smartphone owners sleep with them. France recently passed a law affirming the right of workers to disconnect, not answer emails, when they are on personal time. "That came as a result, I would argue, from smartphones," said McGuire. Texting while driving has become a serious public health issue. And, we are still trying to figure out etiquette rules for using smartphones. But 10 years later, after Apple has sold more than 1 billion iPhones, are there any skeptics left? The iPhone outstripped all expectations and became Apple's largest source of revenue. Yet its 10th anniversary comes at a time when the iPhone itself is no longer a status symbol. To the untrained eye, an iPhone, a Samsung Galaxy or another Android-based phone like the OnePlus look much the same, especially in protection cases. "Each device matters less and less," said Bob O'Donnell, president and chief analyst of TECHnalysis Research. "We've passed peak smartphone." To the untrained eye, an iPhone, a Samsung Galaxy or another Android-based phone like the OnePlus look much the same, especially in protection cases. Antonio Villas-Boas, Business Insider That has hit Apple. In 2016, iPhone sales slumped, leading the company to cut 15 per cent from the pay of Tim Cook, its CEO, for missing performance goals. The smartphone market may be saturated, with people holding on to their old ones longer. What matters more are the services. The devices themselves have become more like vessels than status symbols. Technological advancements, even from Apple, are incremental now, tweaks that fans cheer but aren't creating new markets. Is that a problem for Apple and the entire tech industry? Maybe. "We need new inflection points," said Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies, who told me in 2007 that with the iPhone Apple "may have created a new category." "An anniversary is a good time to introduce inflection points for the industry's growth," he said. Whatever comes next, we probably won't fully understand its impact at first. It seems to take us a decade to figure out how the next new thing will fit in our life. But when we do, we don't let go. MCT Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Advertisement Advertisement Related articles Apple's App Store grabs $27b for developers An iPhone's journey, from factory to store How China lured Apple to make iPhone there MacBook Pro buyers worried about battery life may want to try this tip Buying AirPods for Christmas? Read this first Latest Stories High NZD slows kiwi lamb exports 5 mins ago Desal plants, super and China 5 mins ago More Advertisement Poppy King to Frank Lowy: Best of AFR Mag How Tim Cahill is getting rich off-field, too Chanel is moving into wine. Here's why. Fashion for summer, from Paul Smith to Prada How fashion sources global and sells local Meet the nation's sharpest minds: Best of BOSS 2016 How to create a good company culture LGBTI executives lead by example The Boss-Deloitte LGBTI leaders list 2016 Where the business crowd meets in Paris Smartech CEO looks back on his holiday with golfing's greats Trips for the tastebuds this year Respected wine writer Max Allen joins the AFR 5 fab houses on sale this week Divorce: is boredom a good reason to split up? Special Reports Paytm cashes in on demonetisation How Russia overtook China as cyber enemy No.1 How to build digital leadership Digital economy can be the key to prosperity Pushing customer-centric approach Fairfax Media Publications Pty Ltd © Copyright 2017 Reprints & Permissions Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions of Use Experience afr.com free for 1 month Enjoy unlimited access to Australia's best business news and market insights across desktop, tablet and mobile Find out more Already a subscriber? Log in Close You have left for this month. For unlimited access upgrade to Premium Digital Find out more Close
LOCAL CORRECTIONS For the Record Apple: In the Jan. 6 Business section, an article about Apple removing the New York Times app in China said that the app was removed the same day New York Times reporter David Barboza contacted Apple regarding a story. The app was removed Dec. 23, but Barboza had contacted the company earlier.  Chinese trade: In the Jan. 6 Business section, an article about possible tariffs on Chinese imports said that Peter Navarro was an economist at UC Riverside. He is at UC Irvine. Homeless vets: In the Jan. 6 California section, an article about the number of homeless veterans in Los Angeles said that 8,000 veterans had been been placed in homes in greater Los Angeles. That number is for the city of Los Angeles; the number in greater Los Angeles, which encompasses Los Angeles County, is more than 11,000. If you believe that we have made an error, or you have questions about The Times’ journalistic standards and practices, you may contact Deirdre Edgar, readers’ representative, by email at readers.representative@latimes.com, by phone at (877) 554-4000, by fax at (213) 237-3535 or by mail at 202 W. 1st St., Los Angeles, CA 90012. The readers’ representative office is online at latimes.com/readersrep. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times China Today's top news videos Kevin Starr, author of California histories and former state librarian, dies at 76 How these Los Angeles-born pink hats became a worldwide symbol of the anti-Trump women's march Race is an integral part of Obama's story, and he embraced its complexity Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Huawei Honor 4C First Impressions: The feature-rich smartphone has a lot of able competitors By Nimish Sawant 11   Comments ISRO to launch world record 100 satellites in the PSLV-C37 mission scheduled for February By tech2 News Staff 8   Comments Maruti Suzuki Ignis launched in India at Rs 4.59 lakh; aimed at younger audiences By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Privacy protection: India seems to be going the NSA-PRISM way, when it comes to surveillance 2   Comments Sony SRS-X11 Bluetooth Speaker Review: A good, feature-rich but pricey speaker By Nikhil Rastogi 1   Comments more from #Apple What the Apple iPhone 8 needs in 2017 to stay at the top of the smartphone game Apple App store to increase size of tvOS app size from 200MB to 4GB US court rules iPhone users can sue Apple for not allowing installation of apps outside the app store Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> FBI releases heavily censored documents related to its hacking of San Bernardino shooter’s iPhone #Apple Reuters 0   07 Jan 2017 , 12:23 The FBI on Friday released 100 pages of heavily censored documents related to its agreement with an unidentified vendor to hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters, but it did not identify whom it paid to perform the work or how much it cost. The records were provided in response to a federal lawsuit filed against the FBI by The Associated Press, Vice Media and Gannett, the parent company of USA Today. The media organizations sued in September to learn how much the FBI paid and who it hired to break into the phone of Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife killed 14 people at a holiday gathering of county workers in December 2015. The FBI for weeks had maintained that only Apple Inc. could access the information on its phone, which was protected by encryption, but ultimately broke or bypassed Apple’s digital locks with the help of an unnamed third party. The FBI, in its records release Friday, censored critical details that would have shown how much the FBI paid, whom it hired and how it opened the phone. The files had been marked “secret” before they were turned over under the lawsuit. The files make clear that the FBI signed a nondisclosure agreement with the vendor. The records also show that the FBI received at least three inquiries from companies interested in developing a product to unlock the phone, but none had the ability to come up with a solution fast enough for the FBI. The FBI also said in contracting documents that it did not solicit competing bids or proposals because it thought widely disclosing the bureau’s needs could harm national security. The lawsuit was filed months after the FBI’s sudden announcement in March that it had purchased a tool from an unidentified third party to open Farook’s phone. The disclosure aborted a court fight that began when a federal judge had directed Apple to help the FBI break into the phone. The suit by the media organizations argued there was no legal basis to withhold the information and challenged the adequacy of the FBI’s search for relevant records. It also said the public had a right to know whether the vendor has adequate security measures, is a proper recipient of government funds and will act only in the public interest. In refusing to provide the records, the FBI said the records had been compiled for law enforcement purposes and might interfere with ongoing enforcement proceedings, even though at the time the shooters were both dead and there were no indications others were involved. It was the third lawsuit the AP has filed against the Obama administration under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act. AP Tags: Apple, Apple vs FBI, FBI, iPhone, San Bernardino Also read Apple did try out a iPhone with an iPod click wheel Apple CEO Tim Cook gets 15% pay cut following first sales slump in 15 years X Recommended For You What the Apple iPhone 8 needs in 2017 to stay at the top of the smartphone game Apple App store to increase size of tvOS app size from 200MB to 4GB US court rules iPhone users can sue Apple for not allowing installation of apps outside the app store New Apple iPhone to use forged stainless steel and glass, claims leak Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Samsung Jan 16, 2017 Samsung investigation has revealed the cause of Galaxy Note 7 explosions #MWC 2017 Jan 16, 2017 MWC 2017: Motorola sends out invites to ‘Hello Moto’ event on 26 February, Moto G5 Plus expected #Facebook Jan 15, 2017 Syrian refugee sues Facebook over misinformation that spread on the social network #Nasa Jan 15, 2017 Nasa astronauts install lithium-ion batteries on the ISS after six hour long spacewalk #Snap Jan 15, 2017 Sony CEO Michael Lynton to step down to become Snap board chairman SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony LG Apple Motorola Microsoft HTC BlackBerry View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung LG Motorola HTC Sony Apple Microsoft BlackBerry more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › Taking a quick look at LG's answer to the AirPods with the Tone Free Taking a quick look at LG's answer to the AirPods with the Tone Free Posted: 06 Jan 2017, 21:11, by Joe M. Share Tweet Share Tags : Accessories-Accessories+ LG-LG+ Hands-on-Hands-on+ CES2017-CES2017+ Thanks to the actions of companies like Apple and Motorola, the 3.5-millimeter headphone jack is slowly becoming a thing of the past. This port has allowed us to listen to music on our smartphones pretty much since the dawn of time, but as phones become thinner and wireless audio solutions become better, OEMs are looking to phase out this port once and for all. Apple made this move with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and then also introduced the AirPods to be used in conjunction with them. The idea of having two individual and separate earbud units that aren't connected via a wire is still a relatively new concept, but just like Samsung and Apple, LG is looking to get in on the ground floor for this product category. LG's Tone Free wireless earbuds were first announced back in late December of last year, and we got a chance to look at them here at CES 2017. Unfortunately the Tone Free earbuds were tucked away behind a display case, but even with this being the case, it was still cool to actually see these things in person. Upon first glance, the design that LG is going with for the Tone Free looks just like any other pair of earbuds in the company's Tone lineup. However, unlike traditional Tone earbuds that are attached inside the casing via a wire, the tips of the Tone Free pop out of the frame and are then placed in your ears without any wires present whatsoever. The look of the earbuds themselves are more reminiscent to Samsung's Gear IconX than anything else, and when the earbuds are placed back into the body that you can easily wear around your neck when you aren't using them, they'll start charging up. LG is also selling an extra little charging bank that you'll be able to place the Tone Free earbuds into to get some extra juice, but no pricing info has been announced for this accessory. In fact, no sort of exact pricing or release information has been announced at all for the Tone Free. The LG representative we spoke to said that the company is planning to release them sometime around March of this year, but they weren't able to offer any details in regards to how much these things might cost when they are made available for purchase. Until then, feel free to check out the gallery below to get an idea for just how LG's wireless earbud solution will look once they're released. Images of LG's Tone Free wireless earbuds Popular galleries Nokia 6: 6 best features #TheNextGalaxy: Here are 8 rumored features of the Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 edge, and S8 Plus HTC U Ultra: all key new features HTC U Ultra specs review Best smartphones you can buy right now: December 2016 Remember when the Motorola DROID Bionic wowed everyone at CES? Best Chinese Android smartphones (October-November 2016) PhoneArena Awards 2016 Best, lightest, and most awesome Android launchers Apple releases its first four AirPods television ads FIT 100%-+ ‹ PREV 1 of 3 NEXT › image image image View As One Page » View As Slideshow » Images of LG's Tone Free wireless earbuds 1. 2. 3. Amazon's Alexa to be found on the next Android powered Huawei flagship 06 Jan Prev news Record 63 billion WhatsApp messages sent on New Year's Eve 06 Jan Next news Close newer posts Watching two Google Home speakers babble with each other is the precursor 06 Jan Intel has nearly completed a 5G modem with 5Gbps download speeds 06 Jan Whet your appetite for Sony's upcoming noise-canceling wireless headphones 06 Jan Record 63 billion WhatsApp messages sent on New Year's Eve 06 Jan Now reading: Taking a quick look at LG's answer to the AirPods with the Tone Free Taking a quick look at LG's answer to the AirPods with the Tone Free 06 Jan Amazon's Alexa to be found on the next Android powered Huawei flagship 06 Jan Verizon has 5G equipment deployed in 10 cities 06 Jan LG to sustain its first quarterly operating loss since 2010, mobile and 06 Jan Samsung Galaxy A3 & Galaxy A5 (2017) hands-on and up close from CES 2017 06 Jan A quick hands on with the 2017 version of the budget-friendly LG K10 06 Jan older posts Featured stories   LG promises that the LG G6 cell will stay cool   Andy Rubin, the father of Android, plans to launch a bezel-less smartphone   HTC U Ultra specs review   HTC U Ultra vs U Play: what are the differences?   Your WhatsApp messages can easily be spied on, and Facebook knows it   HTC U Play is official: a 5.2-inch mid-ranger with HTC's Sense Companion aboard 14 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save posted on 06 Jan 2017, 21:48 6 Reply 1. Carlitos (Posts: 527; Member since: 23 Oct 2011) How is this LGs answer to the airpods? Why do you do this PA? posted on 06 Jan 2017, 21:54 4 Reply 2. Arch_Fiend (Posts: 2799; Member since: 03 Oct 2015) Because they are wireless earbuds that is why. posted on 06 Jan 2017, 22:06 10 Reply 3. bossman (Posts: 180; Member since: 27 Jan 2016) But Samsung and Motorola made the gear icon x and verve ones+ fully wireless earbuds way before airpods were announced. posted on 07 Jan 2017, 01:24 4 in response to #3 in response to #3 Hide Reply 9. Arch_Fiend (Posts: 2799; Member since: 03 Oct 2015) True but as you know once Apple releases something it is considered new again and every company that releases the same kind of product, well that product must be the answer to Apple's latest right lol. posted on 06 Jan 2017, 22:14 3 Reply 4. vincelongman (Posts: 4663; Member since: 10 Feb 2013) They've been making the Tone series since 2011 http://www.lg.com/us/bluetooth-headsets-headphones/lg-HBS700-tone https://www.cnet.com/products/lg-tone-hbs700/review/ PA even reviewed the 2012 model http://www.phonearena.com/reviews/LG-TONE-Review_id3206 posted on 07 Jan 2017, 01:22 0 in response to #4 in response to #4 Hide Reply 8. Arch_Fiend (Posts: 2799; Member since: 03 Oct 2015) I know I almost bought a pair once, but they aren't like these new ones. posted on 06 Jan 2017, 23:01 3 Reply 5. MrElectrifyer (Posts: 3400; Member since: 21 Oct 2014) Because apple presstitutes are too stupid to realize wireless headphones have long existed before the airpods... posted on 06 Jan 2017, 23:13 1 Reply 6. kiko007 (Posts: 3455; Member since: 17 Feb 2016) You think these things will change that? Talk about inept...... posted on 06 Jan 2017, 23:26 2 Reply 7. Klinton (Posts: 557; Member since: 24 Oct 2016) They do that 'realize wireless headphones have long existed before the airpods' , but they wanna promote AirPods as innovative magic, that everyone follow. And not only PA (to be fair) Get it? If they repeat it 100 times from US 100 media, it will start to sound true posted on 07 Jan 2017, 03:54 1 Reply 10. Tizo101 (Posts: 504; Member since: 05 Jun 2015) "the 3.5-millimeter headphone jack is slowly becoming a thing of the past" thing of the past? almost every one is still using that port, what's wrong with these writes... hehehd "OEMs are looking to phase out this port once and for all." are they really trying to phase it out? lol these guys are pretty much crazy. posted on 07 Jan 2017, 07:21 1 Reply 11. syam7863 (Posts: 29; Member since: 15 Sep 2016) RRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiigggghhhhhhhhttttt.... Its a thing of the past like what will happen to charging port when apple decides to remove it as an inovation for wireless charging. posted on 08 Jan 2017, 17:40 0 Reply 14. cheetah2k (Posts: 1621; Member since: 16 Jan 2011) HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH So true. Everything existing is reborn by Apple as the BEST thing on the planet and everything that existed before is irrelevant.. Such is the way of an iFantrollsite posted on 07 Jan 2017, 08:07 2 Reply 12. Greedog (Posts: 3; Member since: 04 Jan 2017) I received a set of LG HBS 900's for Christmas a year ago and gotta tell you these things are awesome. I am a musician and really picky with headphones. I'm a fanatic actually. I was quite surprised at the sound quality. I expect head-shaking bass and these things deliver. One of the best sets I own in spite of them being Bluetooth. They work great at answering the phone and all that as well. And have quite a good range. Love them! They are my favorite ones now. posted on 08 Jan 2017, 17:32 0 Reply 13. cheetah2k (Posts: 1621; Member since: 16 Jan 2011) phoneyarena is just clickbait city with the titles of these articles... As usual Apple made it first so everyone elses offerings are in response to Apple.. so much LOL, the cash for comments is more obvious than ever view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › Taking a quick look at LG's answer to the AirPods with the Tone Free Taking a quick look at LG's answer to the AirPods with the Tone Free | PhoneArena reviews Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   Verizon mistakenly shows a 256GB variant for both the Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL   Woman drives her car into a T-Mobile store after being told she would have to pay for a new phone   Did these Samsung Display videos out the Galaxy S8?   LG G6 vs LG G5, iPhone 7 Plus, S7 Edge, Pixel XL: Preliminary size comparison 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles HTC U Ultra specs review The AirPods have batteries 80 times smaller than an iPhone's. Why don't they charge 80 times faster? Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom camera tech explained: Telephoto lens, Portrait mode and Dual Pixel auto focus 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC 10 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ 7 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories Why can't small batteries charge in seconds? Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom is announced with 2.3X optical zoom camera CES 2017: What to expect PhoneArena Awards 2016 Apple AirPods battery life test results LG G6 render shows similar design to LG G5 5G networks: speed, advantages, and all you need to know Future phones may charge faster, last longer with this tech Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: PubGalaxy, Cell phone accessories, Cell Phone Accessories About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2017 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News iPhone Apple iPhone 8 To Feature Wireless Charging Technology By Shruthi PK on January 7 2017 01:47 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email Apple iPhone 8 is packing wireless technology and users will no longer require charging port. Energous CEO Steve Rizzone has said that his brand has signed key strategic partnership with a brand. According to The Verge, Apple is the brand which has signed a deal with Energous. Energous Corporation is the creator of WattUp®, the first charging technology for electronic devices. Rizzone did not mention the name of Apple, but he teased that their partner is a giant company. “one of the largest consumer electronic companies in the world. I cannot tell you who it is, but I can virtual guarantee that you have products from this company on your person, sitting on your desk, or at home.” Rizzone said. iPhone 8 Will Be A Big Hit iPhone 8 is expected to loot the handset market. Analysts Jeffrey Kvaal and Gregory McNiff say that iPhone 8 will be more successful than iPhone 6. “Consensus calls for 80 million iPhones in F1Q18 (Dec ’17) … only modestly above the iPhone 6 supercycle (75 million). However, we estimate the iPhone 8 will launch into an iOS subscriber base 45-50% larger than the iPhone 6 did and model 86 million iPhones in F1Q18 (from 83 million),” they revealed.  iPhone 6 users may buy a new iPhone in late 2017. Apple will use an A11 CPU for the upcoming iPhone. It is also planning to include a wireless charging feature while carrying a USB Type-C connector as well. The iPhone 8, is codenamed “Ferrari”. The device will carry an OLED  display. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has speculated that OLED display will bring more customers to Apple, according to Business Insider. As per the previous reports, Apple is working on augmented reality technology. This technology will be integrated into iPhone 8 camera app. Also Read: iPhone 8 Rumors: Curved OLED Screen and No Physical Home Button Apple has employed some experts like Yury Petrov, who has worked with Oculus to create virtual reality. In September, a vision algorithm engineer called Zeyu Li also joined Apple. He was working for an augmented reality-centric company. The patent published by the United States Patent and Trademark Office is also teasing Apple’s plan to create a digital crown for iPhones and iPads. Keep visiting The BitBag for more updates. Also Read: iPhone 8 Already Overwhelming iPhone 7 Sales as Orders from Apple Reduced Related Items:Apple iPhone 8, Apple iPhone 8 Features, Apple iPhone 8 Launch, Apple iPhone 8 Price Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple iPhone 8 Updates: Patents & Leaks Confirm Radical Edge-to-Edge Display, AR-Enabled iPhone Apple iPhone 8 Expected to Break Sales Records According to Early Predictions iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Leaked Manufacturing Patents Confirm a Surprising Feature About the author Shruthi PK Passionate about films, the first day first show!!! She loves keeping herself updated with Hollywood. iPhone and MacBook are her best buddies. She also analyses the gadgets of all top brands! Featured Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Splatoon 2 Release Date: Nintendo Switch Summer Launch Officially Announced Shovel Knight Nintendo Switch: What Fans Want Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS 6 Mega Man Games Available For Download On Both Android And iOS Recently, 6 Mega Man games became available for download on both Android and iOS devices.... The Sims 4 Toddlers Free Update Finally Available; How To Download Now The Sims 4 Toddlers is finally here! After months of speculation, debates, and a... Kingdom Hearts 3 News: Kingdom Hearts 0.2 Scenes Won’t Be Shown ‘In Fine Detail’, Says Director If you want the full Kingdom Hearts 3 story, it looks like you’re going... Overwatch Nuking Exploit: A Far Worse Issue Than Aimbot Cheating Recently, competitive Overwatch players have confirmed a new hack called “nuking” happening in some... Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta Start Date For Xbox One And PC Officially Announced! Details You Should Know Recently, Microsoft officially announced that the start of the Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta for... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 google Ubisoft Samsung Playstation 3 The Division mobile gaming no man's sky PC iOS EA Editors Pick facebook featured pokemon sun and moon playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones Blizzard games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors Pokemon Go Update About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
null
