To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. MNR Daily HOME U.S. WORLD ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE/HEALTH TECH LIFE Subscriptions Home TECH MacBook Pro 2016 specs review, price, release date news: Is the new MacBook Pro laptop ideal for gaming? Bryan Ke Nov 1, 2016 4:19 AM Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (Apple )Official product render for Apple's previous-gen MacBook Pro with retina display The highly anticipated laptop from Apple, dubbed the Apple MacBook Pro 2016, has officially been released. And, in a surprising turn of events, it really did come with an Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) graphics processing unit (GPU) card under its hood. Interestingly enough, the architecture used in this new lineup of AMD video cards is Polaris, which is the same as the new Radeon. These new cards, as reported by ArsTechnica, are going to be referred to as Radeon Pro 450, Pro 455, and Pro 460, and they are going to be released on the various models of the Apple MacBook Pro 2016. Because of this information, some fans are now beginning to wonder if these new cards can actually handle current-generation games based on the technology of the MacBook Pro 2016's video cards. Sadly, it seems like there is a slight possibility that the cards may not actually deliver crystal clear graphics. According to a report from BGR, AMD has recently boasted that the new video cards found in the MacBook Pro 2016 are "designed specifically for today's makers – the artists, designers, photographers, filmmakers, visualizers and engineers that shape the modern content creation era." The description from the graphics card manufacturer did not exactly mention gamers or a professional who handles creating games. To top it off, BGR also tried to compare the specs of the Radeon Pro 400 series cards with the other similar GPUs in the market today, which are close to NVIDIA's GTX 965m. Interestingly, the Radeon Pro 400 series cards will probably be able to handle games running on 1080p display quality but it cannot handle more graphics than that. The sad part is that, people who are planning to run AAA titles on the MacBook Pro 2016 will not be able to take advantage of the screen's capabilities to produce display quality higher than 1080p. The computer would require an even higher model of GPU card in order for that to happen, which isn't very much likely on the new MacBook Pro. The price for the MacBook Pro 2016, as said in a report from MacRumor, will start at $2,399 for the 15-inch model and those who are interested to buy the new laptop can now place their pre-orders. Like Us on Facebook Hot News 'Supernatural' season 12: Sam, Dean meet other demon hunters in episode 6 'Bones' season 12 synopsis reveals Zack's involvement in Brennan's kidnapping and an upcoming wedding 'Microsoft Surface Book 2' unlikely to come out this year LG V20: World's first Android Nougat smartphone specs unveiled Other News Jon Bernthal's The Punisher to make a cameo appearance in 'Jessica Jones' season 2 'Wentworth' season 5: Danielle Cormack teases Bea's return; series executives clarify casting rumors 'NCIS: LA' season 8: CBS opts to air premiere much earlier than expected Will Nintendo showcase the next-gen console at TGS 2016? MNR DAILY Copyright © 2016 MNR Daily, INC. All Rights Reserved. About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy HOME U.S. WORLD ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE/HEALTH TECH LIFE
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony LG Apple Motorola Microsoft HTC BlackBerry View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung LG Motorola HTC Sony Apple Microsoft BlackBerry more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › iPhone 7 Plus Portrait mode gallery part 2: putting performance to the test iPhone 7 Plus Portrait mode gallery part 2: putting performance to the test Posted: 01 Nov 2016, 18:36, by Stephen S. Tags : T-Mobile-T-Mobile+ AT&T-AT&T+ Verizon-Verizon+ Sprint-Sprint+ iOS-iOS+ Apple-Apple+ Hands-on-Hands-on+ Camera-Camera+ Last week, Apple finally made good on its promises to give owners of the iPhone 7 Plus another cool way to take advantage of their phones' all-new dual-camera system, with the arrival of the “Portrait” camera mode in iOS 10.1. While the feature itself was still in beta, it finally gave iPhone 7 Plus owners everywhere a chance to see if this elaborate camera system had more to offer that its two-times optical zoom, and if it would really lend itself to producing some stylized, attractive, professional-looking pics. When we started seeing what the Portrait mode could do, we really tried pushing the technology's limits, and in addition to shooting images of people (and pets!), we also took a number of pictures where things like fences or signs were the subjects of the images – probably not what Portrait mode was intended for, and all those narrow objects and sharp edges did indeed end up confusing Apple's software in a few instances, causing it to misidentify portions of the subject as background elements (and accordingly blur them out). iOS 10.1 Portrait mode indoors, with bright lightingBut while there may be a few flaws in this (admittedly still in beta) system Apple's using, perhaps the more pertinent question is whether or not those issues will actually affect Portrait mode performance when you're using it as Apple's expecting you to – taking pictures of people. So we fired the iPhone 7 Plus back up and sought to capture a new gallery of Portrait mode sample pics, this time sticking with images of human beings (or just one dude, actually). But even with a person as the subject of Portrait mode shots, there are still a lot of variables at play. We know that Portrait mode only functions within a certain distance from the camera; the software even warns you if you're too far or too close. But even if you're following those directions, does having the subject at different distances change how well the Portrait mode's bokeh effect works? And what about lighting conditions? The iOS camera software is quick to point out when you don't have enough illumination in your scene for Portrait mode to work at all, but just like we're trying out various subject distances that fall within the software's “satisfactory” range to see how that impacts the quality of this effect, we're also curious to see if it might perform better or worse depending on scene lighting conditions. Finally, we mix backgrounds up a little. The whole point of Portrait mode may be to highlight the subject and obscure the background, but does starting with an “easier,” less busy-looking background make the iPhone's task turn out any better? Check out the gallery below for all the Portrait mode shots we took under these varying conditions, read our commentary on each one, and let us know your impressions of how Portrait mode is performing in the comments. iPhone 7 Plus Portrait mode gallery Popular galleries Sprint has Verizon executives sweating and trembling with fear according to its new ads The upcoming OnePlus 3T: 5 expected new features that will set it apart from the regular OnePlus 3 LG V20 review: 10 key takeaways Best smartphones you can buy right now: (October-November 2016) Xiaomi Mi MIX official: 6.4-inch ceramic monster with high-end specs and a 91.3% screen-to-body ratio iPhone 7 catches fire, burns a car HTC Bolt: 10 key features Time to look for alternatives: get the Galaxy Note 7's features on the Note 5 with these tips! How to set up your iPhone as a Wi-Fi mobile hotspot (iOS 10 tutorial) Check out the Android 7.1 Nougat beta running on Galaxy S7 edge FIT 100%-+ ‹ PREV 1 of 15 NEXT › image Setting: outdoors, overcast, medium-distance background Subject: close Apple does a good effort here, even blurring the background seen through the glasses (and not the frames themselves), but there's still a line around the face where sharp background comes through. Group 1 Photo A image Setting: outdoors, overcast, medium-distance background Subject: medium Notice how the area within the glasses is no longer being touched - though perhaps because the lens sufficiently distorts it. There's still a sharp border around the subject, but a bit less pronounced. Group 1 Photo B image Setting: outdoors, overcast, medium-distance background Subject: far This one's hit-and-miss. While the subject-border on the right side of the image isn't bad, there are several areas on the left (look around the hair and collar) where background elements are distractingly sharp. Group 1 Photo C image Setting: indoors, overhead lighting, mixed background Subject: close Our background here is mostly big, featureless neutral-tone areas, and Portrait mode seems to really like that. It's just maybe a little too zealous in its cropping, blurring-out some locks of hair. Group 2 Photo A image Setting: indoors, overhead lighting, mixed background Subject: medium This one started out as more of the same, but Apple's software really struggled with its processing of one background element - an array of white bars in front of a black background. Instead of blurring everything, the bars seem almost contrast-enhanced. Group 2 Photo B image Setting: indoors, overhead lighting, mixed background Subject: far Here you can see how those bars should have been treated in the last pic. While there's still a little over-cropping in the hair, this one largely looks pretty good. Group 2 Photo C image Setting: outdoors, overcast, distant background Subject: close Having a background that's significantly further away than the subject really seems to help - as well as one that lacks a lot of sharp lines. But even still, there's a perceptible border around the face here. Group 3 Photo A image Setting: outdoors, overcast, distant background Subject: medium Another confusing result where some areas look fine, and others have that obvious sharp-background edge. Perhaps it's especially colorful areas Apple's software struggles with? Group 3 Photo B image Setting: outdoors, overcast, distant background Subject: far While not a night-and-day improvement over the medium shot, having the subject further back seems to lessen the impact of Portrait mode's limitations. Group 3 Photo C image Setting: indoors, lighting off to side, close background Subject: close Perhaps as a consequence of the low-ish-light environment, nothing's too sharp here, and if anything, the background-blur appears to be over-applied. But that kinda works, with the absence of distractingly sharp lines. Group 4 Photo A image Setting: indoors, lighting off to side, close background Subject: medium Like that last pic, we're failing in the other direction on this one, with a soft focus throughout. But maybe the darker background really does help, limiting the appearance of Portrait-mode-confusing artifacts. Group 4 Photo B image Setting: indoors, lighting off to side, close background Subject: far We backed ourselves into a wall on this one - literally. But with the wall to the side so close to our subject, Portrait mode failed to blur it out as much as we'd like. Group 4 Photo C image Setting: outdoors, overcast, close background Subject: close We're sensing a pattern here - or, rather, backgrounds that have distinct patterns (like the lines of this siding) really seem to emphasize where the Portrait mode processing fails. Not completely blurring a solid background is easier to hide, but these lines really pop with their high contrast. Group 5 Photo A image Setting: outdoors, overcast, close background Subject: medium More of the same problems with the siding here, though at this distance we're also seeing new issues around the edges of the shirt. Here, vertical transitions appear to do worse than more horizontal ones. Group 5 Photo B image Setting: outdoors, overcast, close background Subject: far The same issues we've been seeing continue, with the addition of a background area inside the elbow here that goes unblurred - perhaps it was too small for the software to spot? Group 5 Photo C ‹ Prev Next Setting: outdoors, overcast, medium-distance background Subject: close Apple does a good effort here, even blurring the background seen through the glasses (and not the frames themselves), but there's still a line around the face where sharp background comes through. View As One Page » View As Slideshow » iPhone 7 Plus Portrait mode gallery 1. Group 1 Photo A Setting: outdoors, overcast, medium-distance background Subject: close Apple does a good effort here, even blurring the background seen through the glasses (and not the frames themselves), but there's still a line around the face where sharp background comes through. 2. Group 1 Photo B Setting: outdoors, overcast, medium-distance background Subject: medium Notice how the area within the glasses is no longer being touched - though perhaps because the lens sufficiently distorts it. There's still a sharp border around the subject, but a bit less pronounced. 3. Group 1 Photo C Setting: outdoors, overcast, medium-distance background Subject: far This one's hit-and-miss. While the subject-border on the right side of the image isn't bad, there are several areas on the left (look around the hair and collar) where background elements are distractingly sharp. 4. Group 2 Photo A Setting: indoors, overhead lighting, mixed background Subject: close Our background here is mostly big, featureless neutral-tone areas, and Portrait mode seems to really like that. It's just maybe a little too zealous in its cropping, blurring-out some locks of hair. 5. Group 2 Photo B Setting: indoors, overhead lighting, mixed background Subject: medium This one started out as more of the same, but Apple's software really struggled with its processing of one background element - an array of white bars in front of a black background. Instead of blurring everything, the bars seem almost contrast-enhanced. 6. Group 2 Photo C Setting: indoors, overhead lighting, mixed background Subject: far Here you can see how those bars should have been treated in the last pic. While there's still a little over-cropping in the hair, this one largely looks pretty good. 7. Group 3 Photo A Setting: outdoors, overcast, distant background Subject: close Having a background that's significantly further away than the subject really seems to help - as well as one that lacks a lot of sharp lines. But even still, there's a perceptible border around the face here. 8. Group 3 Photo B Setting: outdoors, overcast, distant background Subject: medium Another confusing result where some areas look fine, and others have that obvious sharp-background edge. Perhaps it's especially colorful areas Apple's software struggles with? 9. Group 3 Photo C Setting: outdoors, overcast, distant background Subject: far While not a night-and-day improvement over the medium shot, having the subject further back seems to lessen the impact of Portrait mode's limitations. 10. Group 4 Photo A Setting: indoors, lighting off to side, close background Subject: close Perhaps as a consequence of the low-ish-light environment, nothing's too sharp here, and if anything, the background-blur appears to be over-applied. But that kinda works, with the absence of distractingly sharp lines. 11. Group 4 Photo B Setting: indoors, lighting off to side, close background Subject: medium Like that last pic, we're failing in the other direction on this one, with a soft focus throughout. But maybe the darker background really does help, limiting the appearance of Portrait-mode-confusing artifacts. 12. Group 4 Photo C Setting: indoors, lighting off to side, close background Subject: far We backed ourselves into a wall on this one - literally. But with the wall to the side so close to our subject, Portrait mode failed to blur it out as much as we'd like. 13. Group 5 Photo A Setting: outdoors, overcast, close background Subject: close We're sensing a pattern here - or, rather, backgrounds that have distinct patterns (like the lines of this siding) really seem to emphasize where the Portrait mode processing fails. Not completely blurring a solid background is easier to hide, but these lines really pop with their high contrast. 14. Group 5 Photo B Setting: outdoors, overcast, close background Subject: medium More of the same problems with the siding here, though at this distance we're also seeing new issues around the edges of the shirt. Here, vertical transitions appear to do worse than more horizontal ones. 15. Group 5 Photo C Setting: outdoors, overcast, close background Subject: far The same issues we've been seeing continue, with the addition of a background area inside the elbow here that goes unblurred - perhaps it was too small for the software to spot? Share Tweet Share Meet Yumi, the Android robot that talks to Amazon Alexa 01 Nov Prev news Instagram tests shopping from right within the app 01 Nov Next news Close newer posts Apple satirizes Clinton and Trump to promote apps in the App Store; here 02 Nov Apple's iOS 10.2 beta brings back Apple Music star ratings 01 Nov Harry Potter spells added to "Okay, Google" Android voice searches 01 Nov Instagram tests shopping from right within the app 01 Nov Now reading: iPhone 7 Plus Portrait mode gallery part 2: putting performance to the test iPhone 7 Plus Portrait mode gallery part 2: putting performance to the 01 Nov Meet Yumi, the Android robot that talks to Amazon Alexa 01 Nov Check out what happened to a Xiaomi Mi MIX when it slipped out of someone's 01 Nov Instapaper's premium features now free for all users 01 Nov 22 new U.S. banks added to Apple Pay 01 Nov Google Daydream View release date and pricing announced, headset lands 01 Nov older posts Related phones Apple iPhone 7 Plus Specifications News (256) Review 9.3/10 User Reviews (2) 9.5/10 Discussions (2) Photos Size it 360° Manual iPhone 7 Plus Related News   Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes iPhone 7 demand has peaked, predicts yearly sales decline   Target Black Friday deals include savings on the Apple iPad Pro, Apple Watch, Apple iPhone 7 and more   Shortages of Apple iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL to negatively impact smartphone sales in Q4   Jet White iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus coming soon?   New ad shows off the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' stereo speakers and ability to resist water   Poll results: iPhone 7 Plus telephoto lens — awesome feature or gimmick? 17 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save posted on 01 Nov 2016, 17:47 11 Reply 2. StopTalking (Posts: 48; Member since: 14 Mar 2016) Those are some of the creepiest pictures I've ever seen. posted on 01 Nov 2016, 19:07 0 Reply 9. Klinton (Posts: 104; Member since: 24 Oct 2016) Don't kill the magic! posted on 01 Nov 2016, 18:07 1 Reply 5. darkkjedii (Posts: 21892; Member since: 05 Feb 2011) That blur effect is on point. posted on 01 Nov 2016, 19:17 2 Reply 10. Klinton (Posts: 104; Member since: 24 Oct 2016) This is perhaps the only magic, except of courageously ditching the headphone jack, that Apple could brag about iPhone7. posted on 01 Nov 2016, 20:25 1 Reply 14. Unordinary (Posts: 1921; Member since: 04 Nov 2015) Ill take the iPhone 7 over 99% other phones on the market today. Thanks posted on 01 Nov 2016, 19:33 7 Reply 13. cmdacos (Posts: 5; Member since: 01 Nov 2016) These are great pictures? The guy has 10 different skin tones from yellow to red and whoever is taking the shots cant hold the phone still. posted on 01 Nov 2016, 20:35 0 Reply 15. sissy246 (Posts: 1518; Member since: 04 Mar 2015) They are not bad, but sure nothing great. Dual cameras are nothing but a gimmick I don't care who the maker is. I will feel the same if Samsung does it too. So no I am not just saying that because I like Samsung. posted on 02 Nov 2016, 01:01 2 Reply 16. talha_16 (Posts: 46; Member since: 12 Oct 2015) The blur and bokeh looks so fake like its all artificial. posted on 02 Nov 2016, 03:00 0 Reply 17. cnour (Posts: 913; Member since: 11 Sep 2014) Keep it up Apple. The others will follow as usual. * Some comments have been hidden, because they don't meet the discussions rules. view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › iPhone 7 Plus Portrait mode gallery part 2: putting performance to the test iPhone 7 Plus Portrait mode gallery part 2: putting performance to the test | PhoneArena reviews Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   The upcoming OnePlus 3T: 5 expected new features that will set it apart from the regular OnePlus 3   OnePlus Pixel spotted on Geekbench   Rumored specs for the OnePlus 4 surface again: dual cameras, 4000mAh battery and up to 8GB of RAM   The OnePlus 3T may very well be the first phone to come equipped with 8GB of RAM 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles How to shoot RAW photos with your compatible iOS 10-running iPhone iPhone 7 vs HTC 10: speaker comparison Can I emulate the iPhone 7 Plus' Portrait mode with an app? Let's check it out: iPhone 7 Plus vs FabFocus 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC 10 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ 7 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories Apple with three new iPads in March, including a bezel-less 10.9-inch model How to shoot RAW photos with your iPhone Best Chinese Android smartphones How to get most Pixel-exclusive features on other Android phones Samsung stops all sales and production of Galaxy Note 7 Best smartphones you can buy right now: (October-November 2016) Apple iPhone 7 Review 22 tips and tricks for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: make the most of out of your device Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: PubGalaxy, Cell phone accessories, Cell Phone Accessories About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2016 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Technology ‘Shazam is always listening’ What the supermoon totally ruined ‘Trump factor’ impacting on climate talk Millions exposed in sex website hack Model Kendall Jenner quits Instagram Millennia-old mummy uncovered Richie’s surprising quake role Most astonishing photos of the supermoon gadgets mobile phones Social media has been flooded with people mourning the death of the peach butt emoji November 2, 201611:33am Social media has been flooded with people mourning the death of the peach butt emoji. Nick Whighamnews.com.au Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend APPLE has released its latest mobile operating system and it comes with a slew of new emoji characters to further expand our cherished ability to express ourselves with colourful little pictures. The iOS 10.2 developer beta for iPhone and iPads released this week contains 72 new emoji additions including a drooling face, a clown face, an avocado, and string of new animals and sporting characters. But it's a subtle change to an existing emoji that has received the biggest reaction — and it’s far from peachy. Well actually it’s very peachy, in the sense that Apple has changed the peach emoji to look more like a peach. However the decision has drawn the ire of the more uncouth, double entendre-loving Apple fans of the world who use the emoji for an unintended meaning: a butt. Every now and then an emoji reaches such great heights that it transcends its intended purpose and becomes widely adopted to mean something else. The much used eggplant emoji is another example of the triumph of innuendo in the emoji language. And let’s be honest, the peach totally looked like a ripe and firm bum. Of course the transition to a more conservative-looking fruit did not go unnoticed on the melting pot of hysteria and discontent known as social media. Some labelled it “just devastating” while others tried to push the hashtag #SaveThePeach. A noble cause, no doubt, but for now it’s RIP peach butt. Apple is redrawing most of the food emoji in 10.2...the peach has lost all of it meaning though. pic.twitter.com/bVSmzd7SCj— Nacho Carretero M. (@carreteronacho) October 31, 2016 omg no. they are killing the butt shaped peach emoji how are we going to text about booties— Genevievil @ MTL (@gankstrr) November 1, 2016 Now I can only use the peach emoji if I'm actually hungry😞 RIP 🍑— Mike Visalli (@mikeslife06) November 1, 2016 K the emoji peach changing to resemble an actual peach is just devastating— Ian Zelaya (@IanDavidZelaya) November 1, 2016 How can they change the peach emoji!? Apple is about to get kicked to the curb with all these emoji changes. #savethepeach— Drew (@redrewmusic) November 1, 2016 RIP to all the boys who can no longer comment " 🍑👀🔥" on a girl's instagram pic. Poor Peach emoji.— Caitlin Knight ♏️ (@caitlin_thfc) November 1, 2016 Soon there's going to be some very perplexed apple engineers, looking at the emoji frequency data and googling "peach consumption decline"— Kelsey D. Atherton (@AthertonKD) November 1, 2016 Jump back to top Right now in technology 247Readers Shazam: Mac app keeps your microphone on, even when you turn... 201Readers Adult Friend Finder hack: 400 million user details leaked 160Readers Archaeologists discover 3200-year-old mummy in Egyptian tomb 347Readers Supermoon pictures and how to see it in Australia 221Readers iPhone 7 burns pregnant Sydney mother after overheating whil... A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2016. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ Rumor: iPhone, MacBook to Get Wireless Charging, More RAM Rumor: iPhone, MacBook to Get Wireless Charging, More RAM By Tom Brant November 1, 2016 07:40pm EST 10 Comments A new research note also suggests lower prices for a refreshed 2017 MacBook lineup. Apple could announce a new MacBook and price cuts for the current model early next year, according to analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities. Kuo's latest research note predicts that Apple is planning to introduce new hardware features for a revamped 2017 MacBook lineup, including MacBook Pros, and that prices for those notebooks will drop in the first half of next year, MacRumors reported this week. While a price drop would be consistent with Apple's historical strategy, which has been to discount prices of older models after a year or so, component upgrades may be more of a stretch. Kuo predicts that the refreshed MacBook Pro will have support for up to 32GB of RAM, an amount that Intel processors in current Apple notebooks don't support. Such an upgrade, then, would depend on whether or not Intel releases its Cannonlake processors in time. They're currently scheduled for the second half of 2017. In addition to supporting more RAM, the Cannonlake family is expected to take advantage of recent advances in 10 nanometer chip fabrication, recently pioneered by Samsung. //Related Articles Apple Ditches Iconic Mac Startup Sound Meanwhile, the iPhone 8 rumor mills have also been churning this week, with Nikkei citing sources that say the next iPhone will include wireless charging. Foxconn, the Chinese manufacturing giant that supplies components found in many mobile devices, is reportedly making wireless charging modules compatible with a next-gen iPhone. Nikkei notes that whether or not such a feature ends up in a future Apple handset depends on whether or not Foxconn is able to iron out supply chain issues, which recently plagued the launch of the iPhone 7. Apple, which just last week unvieled a refreshed MacBook Pro, did not immediatley respond to a request for comment. Back to top Previous : MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? Staples Tips Black Friday 2016 Deals Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Amazon Ordered to Refund Kids' In-App Purchases Amazon now requires a password for all in-app purchases. More » Microsoft Won't Offer Free Office Apps for Many Chrome OS Devices Chrome OS devices with screens larger than 10.1" will need an Office 365 subscription. More » Report: Spotify Fixes Hard Drive-Killing Desktop Glitch Some reported read and write rates of hundreds of gigabytes per hour, potentially shortening hard dr... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016) Acer Chromebook 14 New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) Acer Aspire R 14 (R5-471T-52EE) The Best Laptops of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer digs into Apple's chart to see where the stock is going next Antonio José Vielma | @AJ_Vielma Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 7:02 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer: Apple&#039;s charts give shareholders a read on its trajectory</p> <p>Apple&#039;s charts, Jim Cramer says, gives investors a glimpse into how long and how bad the tech giant&#039;s decline could be.</p> Cramer: Apple's charts give shareholders a read on its trajectory    Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 6:00 PM ET | 08:38 Apple has bounced back pretty dramatically from its lows over the summer, and Jim Cramer says his long-term view is that it's a stock to own, not trade. A closer look at Apple's charts, the "Mad Money" host says, offers shareholders a glimpse into how long and how bad the tech giant's decline could last. Carolyn Boroden, the technician who runs the FibonnacciQueen.com website, called the rebound in Apple by tracking the stock and using symmetry. For example, Apple's decline going into May of this year, when it bottomed, lasted for a little more than $45. The last big downturn before that was in April 2013, which lasted $45.71. She says many stock swings tend to be similar (or symmetrical) to previous swings in the same name. But her methodology can also be applied to time. That way, she can measure how long the declines lasted and estimate when a stock is most likely to change its direction. However, when looking at a stock that's in an uptrend, her typical upside target is a bit lower than that. She expects Apple to make a 127.2 percent extension of its previous swing, resulting in her long-term price target of $146. Back in September, when Cramer spoke with her, she said the stock would have to clear some short-term hurdles. The first was from $110 to $112 per share. The last two rallies before this one went on for about $30 each. Now considering that the stock's rally from its May lows to last week's high was a little more than $29, Boroden warned the "Mad Money" host that Apple's move higher could be somewhat rocky. Now there's a tough ceiling of resistance between $118 and $121. Read more from Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer Remix: Blessing this energy stock Cramer: What Amazon doesn't have this holiday season Competition heats up for Google, Amazon and Netflix At the moment, Apple is going lower, not higher so what should shareholders do while the stock is pulling back? Based on the daily chart, Apple is sitting right on top of the Fibonacci "floor" of $111. Boroden remains bullish on Apple as long as the stock holds above its lows from September 12, at $102.53. Below that level, the chart pattern turns negative and all bets are off. Boroden told Cramer that above $102, and above the floors of support from $108 to $111, she thinks this could be a good moment to be stocking up on Apple, because as long as the floor holds, the stock should only have three more points of downside at most. The bottom line, Cramer said, is that the charts, as interpreted by Carolyn Boroden, suggest that the recent pain in Apple will probably come to an end soon. That doesn't mean the stock is ready to turn into a rocket and soar higher, but she expects that Apple will be testing its resistance again at the $118 to $121 level in the not too distant future. Now, regular viewers know that Cramer believes they should own Apple, not trade it. He said he likes the fundamentals of the Apple charts, including the company's most recent quarter, but, he said, it's good to know that the charts are probably on the bulls' side. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Antonio José VielmaNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Apple iTunes 12.5.3 Update Released, Contents Remain a Mystery Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Nov 1st, 2016 6:15 PM EST | Product News Apple released iTunes 12.5.3 late on Monday. It’s unclear what the update actually changes because the accompanying patch notes are the same as patch notes that came with iTunes 12.5.2 a few days ago, and that’s true both in the Mac App Store and on Apple’s Support site. iTunes 12.5.3 Patch Notes: This update includes stability and performance improvements. It also: Fixes an issue where albums may play in an unexpected order Resolves a problem that prevented lyrics from appearing while listening to Beats 1 As noted, those are the same patch notes that came with iTunes 12.5.2. That most likely means Apple needed to re-release the update with some kind of minor change. It could also be a clerical error, but with no changes almost 24 hours later, I’m not inclined to think that’s so. If you’ve been staring at this update wondering whether to install it or not, there’s no reason I can see not to. It’s a 275.5MB download through Apple’s site for the standalone installer. It was much smaller through the Mac App Store. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple, iTunes One Comment Add a comment Kit Watson November 4, 2016 Yeah, and now we have ANOTHER 12.5.3 update with no discernible difference between it and the last 1.2.5.3 update! Apparently, it’s just another build of 12.5.3, but there is absolutely no way of knowing what the heck is in these updates! WTH?! November 4, 2016 at 12:07 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5914 Bryan Chaffin news 1 1478024121 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Function Key MacBook Pro Teardown Shows Smaller Battery, Removable SSD Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Nov 1st, 2016 6:35 PM EST | News It doesn’t take long after a new Apple product launch for iFixit to strip it down to its frame, and that’s exactly what happened with the late 2016 Retina MacBook Pro with function keys. Inside they found a smaller battery, removable custom SSD, and more. Apple’s latest engineering marvel: the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro Apple introduced new 13-inch and 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro models at a media event on October 27th. The new models include brighter displays with a wider color gamut, USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 ports, a larger trackpad, and Intel Skylake Core i5 and Core i7 processors. Apple’s new Touch Bar replaces the function keys on the 15-inch model and one 13-inch model—both of which will be available in a week or so, although ship times are slipping. The 13-inch model with function keys, however, is available now, and that’s what iFixit ripped apart. Inside they found a battery that’s 27% smaller than the previous 13-inch MacBook Pro, but it still offers the same 10 hours of use. The battery also easier to remove, which is good news should it need to be replaced. The SSD storage module is removable, although replacements aren’t currently available. Apple is using SanDisk memory chips along with a custom designed controller, which may limit future upgrade options. Still, the fact that the SSD can be popped out is promising. Like previous MacBook Pro models, the RAM is soldered in, so the 8GB or 16GB is comes with is all you’ll get without any upgrade option. The new keyboard Apple bragged about that’s supposed to be an improvement over the MacBook uses different butterfly switch mechanism, and does feel different. Since the feel of a keyboard is subjective, you’ll have to decide for yourself if different is better. Apple left the 3.5mm headphone jack, which was something of a surprise considering it’s gone from the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. That doesn’t mean it isn’t welcome; the headphone jack is still an important port for many MacBook Pro users. iFixit gave the function key 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro a repairability score of 2 out of 10, which means you shouldn’t expect to have much luck with DIY repairs and upgrades. That’s a little disappointing but not surprising considering Apple hasn’t been keen on users going under the hood with Macs for some time. That said, it’s pretty impressive Apple was able to keep the overall battery life at 10 hours while reducing the battery size by 27%. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: iFixit, MacBook Pro, Teardown Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5918 Jeff Gamet news 0 1478025341 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 1 AAPL: 111.49 -2.05 Comment: Six weeks after iPhone 7’s release, let’s take a look at life without the headphone jack [Poll] Chance Miller - 2 weeks ago @ChanceHMiller iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus first started arriving in the hands of customers just over a month ago, following months of rumors and speculation. The biggest change that comes with the iPhone 7 is of course the removal of the headphone jack. The move, which took quite a bit of “courage,” was met with mixed reactions at first, but now that we’ve had 6 weeks to digest the change, it feels appropriate to step back and look at how life without the headphone jack has been so far…. Apple’s motivation behind the removal of the headphone jack is muddled, with teardowns showing that perhaps the biggest factor was the ability to make the device water-resistant at long last. The overarching push, however, is towards wireless technology and major design changes come with iPhones in the pipeline. When the first rumors started circulating that Apple was considering removing the headphone jack with the iPhone 7, I had mixed reactions. On one hand, it made sense. The technology is archaic at this point and was likely hindering future advancements for Apple, such as water-resistance. On the other hand, the idea of either another adapter or having to charge wireless headphones was one that I dreaded. Personally, I’ve never been a fan of wireless earbuds. I have a pair of Bose QuietComfort 35s that I use religiously at my desk with my MacBook and Mac Mini, but they’re obviously too large for use during things like working out, extended walks, or laying down. Thus, I’ve generally switched between a pair of urBeats and Apple’s own EarPods for those tasks. With the iPhone 7, I figured it was time to look into using wireless earbuds, but after some research and trial and error, I ultimately decided that I would hold off to see what the holiday season brought. My top two choices right now are Apple’s own truly wireless AirPods and the BeatsX. Both use the new W1 chip, offer solid battery life and quick recharge times, and feature designs that have fit my ears in the past. It’s now November 1st, though, and Apple’s AirPods are delayed, perhaps until 2017, and BeatsX are nowhere to be found. As I argued before, I’d rather Apple get the wireless technology right than rush a product to market, but the more I use iPhone 7, the more I realize that Lightning headphones are not the future and adapters are not the future, but rather wireless is. If it works. Throughout my time with the iPhone 7 over the last month, I’ve had multiple instances where I’ve been caught in a tough spot when it comes to headphones. I regularly use my MacBook to watch Netflix and other videos throughout the day, between classes, and at meals, while I also use my iPhone to listen to music while walking to and from classes. The issue here is that both the MacBook and iPhone can’t use the same pair of headphones unless I use an adapter. While I try to carry both 3.5mm EarPods and Lightning EarPods with me at all times, as well as an adapter, there have been instances where I’ve grabbed the wrong pair or forgotten the adapter, thus meaning I have a device that I can’t plug headphones into. I realize that this is just as much of a case of my forgetfulness as it is Apple’s fault, but the idea that I can’t use one pair of Apple headphones between two Apple products is somewhat jarring to me. There’s a level of fragmentation that I don’t usually expect from Apple. There have also been instances where I’ll get into a friends car and try and connect my phone, only to realize that they have a 3.5mm connection, not Lightning. Or a friend will have a speaker system at their apartment that only has a 3.5mm connection, thus shutting me out from playing music. There’s also, of course, the problem of using headphones while charging your iPhone 7. This has been a rather big annoyance for me. Sure there are adapters out there, such as Belkin’s, but it costs $40 and isn’t the most sightly thing in the world. This brings me to my next point: adapters aren’t the solution. They’re the temporary band-aid applied to a new technology that’s not necessarily ready for 100 percent primetime. I have no problem using them, but to become too reliant on them seemingly contradicts Apple’s entire push away from wired and towards wireless. This isn’t to say that I think Apple made the wrong decision in removing the headphone jack. Rather, I’m highlighting instances where the change can be a nuisance. It really comes down to cost-benefit analysis: are the benefits offered in place of the lack of a headphone jack worth not having one? At this point, I’d argue that it’s a close call. As wireless connectivity matures, I think we’ll look back and say that Apple made the absolute right decision in removing the headphone jack. For the next couple of years, though, there will definitely be instances where we’ll find ourselves in a situation where we won’t be the one controlling the auxiliary input at a house party or in someone’s car. But we’ll have a water-resistant phone and any other features that Apple plans to incorporate down the line that wouldn’t have been possible if the headphone jack was there. Did Apple remove the headphone jack prematurely? Maybe, but it wouldn’t be the first time Apple was early to the party on adopting new ports or killing old technologies. What are your thoughts? 6 weeks in, are you missing the headphone jack? Let us know in the poll below and elaborate in the comments… Take Our Poll   Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc.'s iPad Pros Could Be Doing Better What ever happened to Apple's big enterprise push? Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Nov 1, 2016 at 6:28PM iPad Pro family. Image source: Apple. For a product category this young, it's a bit discouraging to see it continue to shrink. It was only in 2010 that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) kicked off the tablet renaissance with the original iPad, and for a while there it looked like tablets had a lot of potential to disrupt the PC market. The mobile revolution was in full swing, and having a "giant iPhone" wasn't really a bad thing. Once upon a time, I even thought that the iPad would one day overtake the iPhone in terms of revenue, but that was when the tablet was on a strong upswing driven by adoption. Little did I know that worldwide tablet shipments would peak less than a year later. They've been trending lower ever since. Survey says Market researcher IDC has put out its most recent estimates on the tablet market. Total units in the third quarter came in at 43 million, down 15% from a year ago. The iPad led the way with 9.3 million units, enough to grab 21.5% of the market. The sub-category that's faring the best right now are low-cost detachables that are priced at $200 or less, according to IDC. These tablets don't have any illusions about replacing the PC; they just want to offer a tablet experience at a low price point. This is more or less Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) strategy with its Fire lineup -- and it's working, as Amazon's unit volumes are bouncing back, more than quadrupling last quarter. Vendor Q3 2016 Units Q3 2016 Market Share Apple 9.3 million 21.5% Samsung 6.5 million 15.1% Amazon 3.1 million 7.3% Lenovo 2.7 million 6.3% Huawei 2.4 million 5.6% Others 19 million 44.2% Total 43 million 100% Data source: IDC. This is what a secular decline looks like. Data source: IDC. Chart by author. Seeing this chart really helps contextualize why Apple has deprioritized iPad product cycles. The iPad maker started elongating iPad cycles a few years back, and seems to be moving toward updating devices every two years. It's too early to say for sure, since Apple is simultaneously expanding the iPad family, which now includes Minis, Airs, and Pros, but it's rather telling that Apple didn't offer any updates at either of its autumn product events. Go Pro or go home Perhaps more interesting is that IDC does not think the iPad Pros are selling particularly well. The researcher estimates that the Air and Mini continue to comprise more than two-thirds of unit volumes. There has been a marginal lift in iPad average selling prices with the introduction of the iPad Pros, which cost more. This helped Apple generate effectively the same level of revenue last quarter despite a 6% drop in unit sales. Keep in mind that the 9.7-inch iPad Pro that starts at $600 wasn't launched until earlier this year, so the year-over-year comparison suffers a little bit. Still, you can't help shake the feeling that Apple's iPad Pros could be doing better, particularly in the context of Apple's big enterprise push. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 6:28PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $719.07 down $-19.94 (-2.70%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
heraldsun premium_icon Facebook social_fb Twitter social_twitter Google plus social_googleplus Email social_email Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Melbourne RealEstate Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting Classifieds Tributes Buy & Sell Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website media_cameraSocial media has been flooded with people mourning the death of the peach butt emoji. Smartphone Social media has been flooded with people mourning the death of the peach butt emoji Nick Whigham, news.com.auNovember 2, 2016 8:05am APPLE has released its latest mobile operating system and it comes with a slew of new emoji characters to further expand our cherished ability to express ourselves with colourful little pictures. The iOS 10.2 developer beta for iPhone and iPads released this week contains 72 new emoji additions including a drooling face, a clown face, an avocado, and string of new animals and sporting characters. But it's a subtle change to an existing emoji that has received the biggest reaction — and it’s far from peachy. Well actually it’s very peachy, in the sense that Apple has changed the peach emoji to look more like a peach. However the decision has drawn the ire of the more uncouth, double entendre-loving Apple fans of the world who use the emoji for an unintended meaning: a butt. Every now and then an emoji reaches such great heights that it transcends its intended purpose and becomes widely adopted to mean something else. The much used eggplant emoji is another example of the triumph of innuendo in the emoji language. And let’s be honest, the peach totally looked like a ripe and firm bum. Of course the transition to a more conservative-looking fruit did not go unnoticed on the melting pot of hysteria and discontent known as social media. Some labelled it “just devastating” while others tried to push the hashtag #SaveThePeach. A noble cause, no doubt, but for now it’s RIP peach butt. Apple is redrawing most of the food emoji in 10.2...the peach has lost all of it meaning though. pic.twitter.com/bVSmzd7SCj— Nacho Carretero M. (@carreteronacho) October 31, 2016 omg no. they are killing the butt shaped peach emoji how are we going to text about booties— Genevievil @ MTL (@gankstrr) November 1, 2016 Now I can only use the peach emoji if I'm actually hungry😞 RIP 🍑— Mike Visalli (@mikeslife06) November 1, 2016 K the emoji peach changing to resemble an actual peach is just devastating— Ian Zelaya (@IanDavidZelaya) November 1, 2016 How can they change the peach emoji!? Apple is about to get kicked to the curb with all these emoji changes. #savethepeach— Drew (@redrewmusic) November 1, 2016 RIP to all the boys who can no longer comment " 🍑👀🔥" on a girl's instagram pic. Poor Peach emoji.— Caitlin Knight ♏️ (@caitlin_thfc) November 1, 2016 Soon there's going to be some very perplexed apple engineers, looking at the emoji frequency data and googling "peach consumption decline"— Kelsey D. Atherton (@AthertonKD) November 1, 2016 Originally published as Apple fans mourn peach emoji Most viewed Most astonishing photos of the supermoonMost astonishing photos of the supermoon It's dawned on Turnbull that Trump could destroy himIt's dawned on Turnbull that Trump could destroy him Crime kingpin slain ‘execution-style’ premium_iconCrime kingpin slain ‘execution-style’ Teens charged over robberies, chase premium_iconTeens charged over robberies, chase Media hysterics over Trump continueMedia hysterics over Trump continue No.1 pick down to battle in threeNo.1 pick down to battle in three McCrann to Turnbull: your one last hope. Talk to BoltMcCrann to Turnbull: your one last hope. Talk to Bolt Petition demands Bickmore apologise to PricePetition demands Bickmore apologise to Price Two more of Leak's accusers walk awayTwo more of Leak's accusers walk away South Melbourne to launch A-League bid premium_iconSouth Melbourne to launch A-League bid Yet again African. Who let them in?Yet again African. Who let them in? Trump drives warmists to despairTrump drives warmists to despair Dassey to be released from prisonDassey to be released from prison Best photos of the supermoonBest photos of the supermoon The AFL always gets its deal done premium_iconThe AFL always gets its deal done Trump factor will destroy TurnbullTrump factor will destroy Turnbull Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7 Docker in ‘pants down’, punch strifeDocker in ‘pants down’, punch strife Roads to flow as PM chips in $1.5b premium_iconRoads to flow as PM chips in $1.5b Heroism not villainy behind MH370 premium_iconHeroism not villainy behind MH370 More Smartphone Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7 Smartphones ruining children’s sleepSmartphones ruining children’s sleep Why you need to try Google’s VRWhy you need to try Google’s VR This phone is better than the iPhone 7This phone is better than the iPhone 7 Does Apple have an ace in the hole?Does Apple have an ace in the hole? Millions of Aussies to get Apple PayMillions of Aussies to get Apple Pay Different Samsung phone explodedDifferent Samsung phone exploded Another Samsung phone explodesAnother Samsung phone explodes Girls beat boys in technology raceGirls beat boys in technology race How to better manage screen timeHow to better manage screen time iPhone 8 rumoured to go wirelessiPhone 8 rumoured to go wireless Remaining Note7 phones crippledRemaining Note7 phones crippled Woman tricks her boyfriends for depositWoman tricks her boyfriends for deposit Apple fans mourn peach emojiApple fans mourn peach emoji Apple patents foldable iPhoneApple patents foldable iPhone ‘The problem with Apple’s logic’‘The problem with Apple’s logic’ Man changes name to ‘iPhone 7’Man changes name to ‘iPhone 7’ Smartphones being wired to save livesSmartphones being wired to save lives Men ‘are turning to Siri for sex’Men ‘are turning to Siri for sex’ Strange text: ‘Did you witness anything?’Strange text: ‘Did you witness anything?’ Apple’s horror iPhone 7 launch continuesApple’s horror iPhone 7 launch continues Samsung launches wallet assaultSamsung launches wallet assault Rise of the Samsung substitutesRise of the Samsung substitutes Apple’s change to the iPhone cameraApple’s change to the iPhone camera Smartphone battle for your dollarsSmartphone battle for your dollars Featured stories Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7 This phone is better than the iPhone 7This phone is better than the iPhone 7 New emojis for when a smile is not enoughNew emojis for when a smile is not enough A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can " find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser Perth Now NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2016 Copyright
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc.'s iPad Pros Could Be Doing Better What ever happened to Apple's big enterprise push? Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Nov 1, 2016 at 6:28PM iPad Pro family. Image source: Apple. For a product category this young, it's a bit discouraging to see it continue to shrink. It was only in 2010 that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) kicked off the tablet renaissance with the original iPad, and for a while there it looked like tablets had a lot of potential to disrupt the PC market. The mobile revolution was in full swing, and having a "giant iPhone" wasn't really a bad thing. Once upon a time, I even thought that the iPad would one day overtake the iPhone in terms of revenue, but that was when the tablet was on a strong upswing driven by adoption. Little did I know that worldwide tablet shipments would peak less than a year later. They've been trending lower ever since. Survey says Market researcher IDC has put out its most recent estimates on the tablet market. Total units in the third quarter came in at 43 million, down 15% from a year ago. The iPad led the way with 9.3 million units, enough to grab 21.5% of the market. The sub-category that's faring the best right now are low-cost detachables that are priced at $200 or less, according to IDC. These tablets don't have any illusions about replacing the PC; they just want to offer a tablet experience at a low price point. This is more or less Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) strategy with its Fire lineup -- and it's working, as Amazon's unit volumes are bouncing back, more than quadrupling last quarter. Vendor Q3 2016 Units Q3 2016 Market Share Apple 9.3 million 21.5% Samsung 6.5 million 15.1% Amazon 3.1 million 7.3% Lenovo 2.7 million 6.3% Huawei 2.4 million 5.6% Others 19 million 44.2% Total 43 million 100% Data source: IDC. This is what a secular decline looks like. Data source: IDC. Chart by author. Seeing this chart really helps contextualize why Apple has deprioritized iPad product cycles. The iPad maker started elongating iPad cycles a few years back, and seems to be moving toward updating devices every two years. It's too early to say for sure, since Apple is simultaneously expanding the iPad family, which now includes Minis, Airs, and Pros, but it's rather telling that Apple didn't offer any updates at either of its autumn product events. Go Pro or go home Perhaps more interesting is that IDC does not think the iPad Pros are selling particularly well. The researcher estimates that the Air and Mini continue to comprise more than two-thirds of unit volumes. There has been a marginal lift in iPad average selling prices with the introduction of the iPad Pros, which cost more. This helped Apple generate effectively the same level of revenue last quarter despite a 6% drop in unit sales. Keep in mind that the 9.7-inch iPad Pro that starts at $600 wasn't launched until earlier this year, so the year-over-year comparison suffers a little bit. Still, you can't help shake the feeling that Apple's iPad Pros could be doing better, particularly in the context of Apple's big enterprise push. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 6:28PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $719.07 down $-19.94 (-2.70%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Amazon.com, Inc. Become the Most Valuable Company in the World? Amazon bulls appear to be betting that the company will have a trillion-dollar market cap a decade from now. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Nov 1, 2016 at 6:20PM For most of the past five years, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been the most valuable publicly traded company in the world. While the iPhone maker has lost some of its momentum in the past year, Apple still sports a market capitalization of about $600 billion. However, investors seem to be betting on a changing of the guard in the coming years. Despite a sell-off following its recent earnings report, shares of Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) have quadrupled since the beginning of 2012. Its market cap of roughly $375 billion makes it one of the five most valuable companies in the world. Apple vs. Amazon.com market capitalization. Data by YCharts. Given that Amazon.com is reinvesting essentially all of its earnings, while Apple is returning the vast majority of its cash flow to shareholders, Amazon's surging market cap implies that investors expect it to become the most valuable company in the world within the next decade. Heavy investment continues at Amazon.com Amazon stock has surged in the past two years as the company finally started to churn out steady profit increases, helped by the breathtaking growth of Amazon Web Services and the maturing of investments in Amazon's retail business. In the first half of 2016, Amazon's operating income more than tripled to $2.36 billion -- up from $719 million a year earlier -- on a 30% jump in revenue. This strong performance powered the stock's most recent surge, from around $600 in late April to an all-time high of $847.21 last month. However, Amazon's Q3 results brought a dose of reality to the most ardent bulls. Revenue is still growing quickly, but costs also ticked up significantly last quarter. As a result, operating income rose at a more sedate (albeit still enviable) 42% pace. This caused earnings to fall short of analysts' expectations. On Amazon's earnings call, CFO Brian Olsavsky noted that the company has opened an extraordinary number of new fulfillment centers in the past few months: 18 during Q3 and five more during October. In addition, Amazon is spending heavily to add new streaming video content for Prime subscribers and to market its original series. Amazon is adding lots of fulfillment centers in order to deliver packages faster. Image source: The Motley Fool. These recent investments are expected to continue weighing on profitability in Q4 and perhaps in 2017 as well. Olsavsky wasn't specific about the pace of future investments -- Amazon tends to be quite opportunistic, so its profit trajectory has been and will continue to be "lumpy." Two different market-cap trajectories While Apple and Amazon.com are both megacap stocks, they couldn't be more different in terms of their cash flow profiles. (In theory, each company's market cap should equal the present value of the future cash flow it is expected to produce.) Apple generates dramatically more operating cash flow than Amazon.com, even after the latter's rapid growth in recent years. It invests a relatively small proportion of this cash back into the business, frequently converting 80% or more of its cash from operations into free cash flow. In recent years, it has returned virtually all of this free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. By contrast, Amazon.com has never paid a dividend and hasn't repurchased any shares in recent years. Indeed, Amazon reinvests virtually all of its operating cash flow into the business, after adjusting for the impact of its generous stock compensation and its heavy usage of capital leases. Apple vs. Amazon cash flow and cash usage. Data by YCharts. So what does this all mean? From an investment perspective, Apple's market cap doesn't need to rise much to provide a good return for investors. Since Apple regularly doles out cash equal to 7% or more of its market cap in the form of buybacks and dividends, investors would get decent returns even if its market cap remained steady. By contrast, Amazon hasn't been returning any cash to shareholders. Based on the company's aggressive reinvestment plans, it could still be many years away from doing so. Thus, for investors to earn good returns, Amazon's market cap must continue to rise at a rapid rate. Amazon's market cap would reach $1 trillion in just a decade, if it grows 10% annually between now and then. If Apple delivers a similar 10% annualized total return but continues to distribute nearly all of its free cash flow to shareholders, its market cap might only inch up to $800 billion. Of course, it's anyone's guess how Apple and Amazon will actually fare in the coming years. But with Amazon reinvesting nearly all of its earnings into the business while Apple returns the vast majority to shareholders, Mr. Market is betting that Amazon will surpass Apple's market cap within less than 10 years. Adam Levine-Weinberg is long January 2017 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2017 $110 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 6:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $719.07 down $-19.94 (-2.70%) Read More Amazon Sees More of These Valuable Searches Than Anyone Else Why GoPro Stopped Selling the Hero 5 on Amazon.com Amazon or Netflix: Which Name Will Win the Streaming Wars? Despite the Cloud, Oracle Remains the Database King Best Cloud-Computing Stocks to Buy in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 64,143 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 50,436 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 32,731 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney 26,250 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 25,183 Dead rodent sewn into woman's new Zara dress: lawsuit 22,656 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Metro Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy NYC pays out more in lawsuits than any US city: study By Julia Marsh and Bruce Golding View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed View author archive email the author Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) November 1, 2016 | 7:00pm Modal Trigger NYC Comptroller Scott Stringer Photo: David McGlynn New York City pays out way more than any other major city to settle legal claims — doling out a whopping $720 million in judgements and settlements during the past fiscal year, a new report says. The staggering amount — which works out to about $84 per Big Apple resident — is more than the combined total doled out by 19 other large US cities surveyed by Governing magazine. It also exceeds what city taxpayers spend on both the Parks and Buildings departments, the report says. Chicago came in a distant No. 2, paying out an average $153 million annually during fiscal years 2013-2015, roughly one-fifth of the Big Apple’s tab. No. 3 Los Angeles got off even easier, with an average $75 million in annual payouts during fiscal years 2014-2016, Governing says. The report blames the situation in New York on factors including the “scaffold law,” which is unique to the Empire State and holds contractors and property owners 100 percent liable when construction workers fall from ladders or scaffolding. It also cites the profusion of lawyers — with New York home to the most per capita of any state in the country — and the political influence of the powerful state Trial Lawyers Association. Maria Doulis of the Citizens Budget Commission, which seeks to reign in New York City’s wasteful spending, called the Governing findings “troublesome.” “It really is an astounding figure,” she said. “Just when you thought these costs couldn’t go higher, they go higher.” City Comptroller Scott Stringer said the city didn’t “have to accept rising settlements as the cost of doing business,” adding that his ClaimStat program was giving officials “the tools and data they need to improve operations and hopefully reduce the incidents that lead to costly payouts.” City Hall spokesman Raul Contreras disputed the Governing figure, saying the city only paid out $656 million in fiscal 2016, and also pointed to some huge settlement struck recently, including $41 million to the wrongly convicted “Central Park Five.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under city hall ,  lawsuits ,  office of the comptroller ,  settlements Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Defense lawyers and prosecutors bicker at Bridgegate trial Read Next Defense lawyers and prosecutors bicker at Bridgegate trial Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 3 Assassination threats against Trump flood Twitter 4 Man who fatally punched stranger surrenders 5 Trump calls slain cop's widow to offer condolences 6 White House open to a Clinton pardon Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 63,902 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 50,267 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 32,533 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney 25,933 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House Columnists Carlos Greer I was racially profiled at the New York Public Library Steve Cuozzo Not even a prayer can save this beloved church from destruction SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Now On You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Ryan Reynolds had a ‘nervous breakdown’ after ‘Deadpool’ Donald Trump had better not cross Jane Lynch SEE ALL Video You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig More Stories pagesix Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On Decider Alec Baldwin Is A No Show On 'SNL', Backs Down From Trump nypost Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
You must have javascript enabled to use this site. Please click here to learn how to enable javascript. (877) 303-4529 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Contact Us FAQ Whitelist Sitemap Wealth Daily About Editors Videos Archives Reports Resources Contact Us Download your FREE report now: Gold and Silver Mining Stocks Think Like a Bear Written by Briton Ryle Posted October 24, 2016 at 7:50PM We're investors. The idea is to invest money in companies that are growing revenue and earnings, so that what we buy today is more valuable tomorrow. It's a pretty basic formula. Inflation and demographics are on your side. Inflation means that, in the future, it takes more dollars to buy something. And growing demographics means that more people are likely to buying a product in the future, which means more revenue. Any management team worth its salt should be able to turn more revenue into more earnings. Warren Buffett understands this, perhaps better than any investor ever has. His fortune is built on the idea that the U.S. population will continue to grow, and whatever we are buying today, we will buy more of in the future. That's why he can make so much money buying things like carpet makers and mobile-home makers... Investments like these are the most mind-numbingly boring investments you can possibly find. "Oooo, carpet! What a fantastic idea!" said no investor, ever.  Individual investors tend to like the flashy investments. They want to buy revolutionary companies with game-changing products. Who doesn't want to be able to tell their neighbor that they saw the future coming? That's why investors get so enamored with companies like Tesla. Or Facebook. Or SolarCity.  You can spin a great story about any of these companies... Facebook's got a little over one billion members that access the site every day. If Facebook can make just $2 a week off each of them, that's $100 billion in annual revenue, roughly five times what the company is taking in now. SolarCity has a business model that could help put solar panels on every house in America. A total of 16 million cars are sold per month in the U.S. If Tesla captured just 1% market share, that would mean it would sell 1.9 million cars a year. That's more than 10 times what the company sells now. Will the Growth Ever End? I like to call these types of investments "open-ended growth stories." Because in the early stages, the growth ahead of such companies is truly open-ended. It's hard to imagine any scenario where they don't put up phenomenal growth. Companies like these simply can't be stopped. It's a great move to try to recognize these open-ended growth stories. You can make a lot of money. But you'd better understand that it is extremely rare that any "open-ended growth story" truly manages to achieve open-ended growth. Reality pretty much always creeps in and puts the lie to the growth story. In the investing world, we say, "Trees don't grow to the sky." And that means there is always an end to growth, and it usually stops long before the lofty projections are met.  And the really weird thing is, even when the growth story remains largely intact, there will come a time when there's no more money to be made. Apple is a great example of this. For years it was an open-ended growth story. First it was based on when every American gets an iPhone, then it was when everyone in Europe or China gets one. The stock ran and ran... It hit its highs almost two years ago. Investors figured out that not everyone would get an iPhone. And eventually, some new technology would change the game. Except that the iPhone has only become more and more dominant. It's virtually a staple now in America, and it will likely become one in Europe and China. And the competition is falling away. Its biggest rival, Samsung, stopped making Galaxy phones because they were exploding. And yet Apple gets no credit for its position at all. Apple stock is cheaper than Exxon, which is struggling with low oil prices. It's cheaper than Johnson & Johnson, which is growing just 6% a year. Apple is 30% cheaper than McDonald's, which, until a couple quarters ago, was actually shrinking. Quite simply, Apple should be getting more credit for its growth potential than any of these companies. But it's not. And it probably won't, either. Why You Should Think Like a Short Seller Yeah, the stock market is a funny place. There really aren't any single, all-important rules that always work (except the rule of compounding over the long term). So investors have to equip themselves with a handful of rules, so there's something to turn to when a rule you've been using stops working. Like the "don't fight the Fed" rule. This one basically means that when the Fed is easing or cutting interest rates, you buy stocks. You stop buying and take some profits when the Fed is hiking. We've had the easing part. But you'll notice that stocks don't rally so much when economic data shows that the Fed isn't ready to turn to a tightening cycle. This rule isn't working right now... Another one is that when the economy is emerging from a recession, you buy the stocks that have been the worst performers. Coming out of the financial crisis, it was banks and probably casino stocks. Between late 2007 and early 2009, Las Vegas Sands (NYSE: LVS) traded from $135 a share to under $2. Today it's around $57.  Today, I want to suggest that you add "think like a short seller" to your rules. Now, for an explanation. A short seller is sort of the opposite of a regular investor. Instead of owning a stock with the expectation that it will be worth more in the future, a short seller is looking for stocks that will be worth less in the future. And not because the market is going down or the economy is headed into recession... the short seller is looking for companies that cannot fulfill the promise of their growth story.  The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Stay on top of the hottest investment ideas before they hit Wall Street. Sign up for the Wealth Daily newsletter below. You'll also get our free report, "Five Techincal Analysis Tools for Investors." We never spam! View our Privacy Policy Earlier, when I was talking about "open-ended growth" stories, I mentioned Tesla and SolarCity. I mentioned them both because they are both Elon Musk companies. And Elon Musk tells a good story. Is he a genius? Yeah, I suppose he is. Clearly, he is a great innovator. But we've already seen SolarCity collapse as the reality behind the story was revealed. And then Musk's other public company, Tesla, bought SolarCity to save it. I don't know, but this seems like a lot of wrangling to try and keep the story alive... Would You Short These Stocks?  Now, I'm not telling you to sell short shares of Tesla. What I am saying is you probably don't want to be long Tesla stock right now. Because it is very likely that interest rate hikes are coming sometime in the next few months. And when money gets more expensive, the stock stories get a little harder to tell. And believe.  Let me put it this way: What's the story for Starbucks? Analysts say that spending at restaurants has peaked. They say coffee prices are going up, competition is building from Dunkin Donuts and others, and Starbucks' main market for growth, China, is on the verge of collapse. Sounds like Starbucks is headed lower. But would you make a wager that Starbucks is going lower and short that stock? Yeah, me neither.  What about Disney? Cord-cutters mean that Disney's flagship ESPN network has lost around 10% of its subscriber base. And there's no end to the declines in sight. Are you ready to risk real money that Disney is going lower? Again, me neither.  Sometimes learning to think in new ways can really help your investing. So, spend a little time and learn how the short sellers think. See if you can find some companies with stories that seem more like fairy tales. This exercise will absolutely make you a better investor. Until next time, Until next time, Briton Ryle @BritonRyle on Twitter An 18-year veteran of the newsletter business, Briton Ryle is the editor of The Wealth Advisory income stock newsletter, with a focus on top-quality dividend growth stocks and REITs. Briton also manages the Real Income Trader advisory service, where his readers take regular cash payouts using a low-risk covered call option strategy. He also contributes a weekly column to the Wealth Daily e-letter. To learn more about Briton, click here. The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Sign up to receive the Wealth Daily newsletter - it's absolutely free! In each issue, you'll get our best investment research, designed to help you build a lifetime of wealth, minus the risk. Plus, by signing up, you'll instantly receive our new report: Surviving the Coming Economic Collapse. Subscribe Related Articles Jim Chanos is the Most Annoying Short Seller on the Planet The Tesla/SolarCity deal may not be as horrible as everyone thinks. Elon Musk's Secret Failure Threatens Empire Individuals like Elon Musk shove society forward in great leaps by the sheer force of their will and their foresight... but there's something Musk doesn't want you to know. OPEC to Boost Oil (Finally!) This week's informal OPEC meeting may mark the point where Saudi Arabia finally capitulates, where they finally say enough is enough and act to support oil prices. Comments Buffett's Envy: 50% Annual Returns, Guaranteed Warren Buffett once told investors at an annual shareholder meeting, "...it's a huge structural advantage not to have a lot of money. I think I could make you 50% a year on $1 million. No, I know I could. I guarantee that." Buffett later went on to talk about one incredible advantage that average, smaller investors have over Berkshire. Point blank, The "Oracle of Omaha" envies people like you because you can invest in small cap stocks and he can't. Join our community of over 400,000 readers at Wealth Daily today for FREE, and get started with three of our top small-cap tech stock picks – the kinds of high-return investments Warren Buffet now can only dream of making. Subscribe Learn about Wealth Daily and our Privacy Policy Top Rated 1 What a Trump Presidency Means for the... 2 Trump Stocks 3 Gold Gets Oversold in "Trump Rally" 4 The Pendulum Swings... Slightly Less... 5 A Rigged System on the Verge of Collapse Trending Articles 1 Another Reason Cannabis is a Socially... 2 The Most Profitable Cannabis... 3 Why Mark Zuckerberg is NOT the Next... 4 The Five Best Investing Apps 5 Why You Should Be Buying Bitcoin in 2017 Wealth Daily About Us Editors Videos Archives Reports Investment Resources Contact Us Copyright and Fair Use Contact Us Wealth Daily 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Tel: (877) 303-4529 Fax: (410) 814-5959 Search About We've assembled some of the best investment minds the market has to offer. All are experts in various fields. And our record is second to none. The flagship e-Letter of Angel Publishing, Wealth Daily brings you these market insights and commentaries every day directly to your email inbox. Our editors have over a combined 75 years in the investment research sector. © 2016 Wealth Daily. All rights reserved. Report: How to Make Your Fortune in Stocks The REAL secret to consistent, reliable stock market profits is simple: own top quality dividend stocks! We'll show you how to get consistent and reliable income from dividend stocks. Send My FREE Report Now Subscribe
You must have javascript enabled to use this site. Please click here to learn how to enable javascript. (877) 303-4529 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Contact Us FAQ Whitelist Sitemap Wealth Daily About Editors Videos Archives Reports Resources Contact Us Download your FREE report now: Gold and Silver Mining Stocks 2016: Apple’s (NASDAQ: AAPL) Year of Disappointment Written by Jason Stutman Posted October 30, 2016 With a slew of earnings reports and new product reveals, it’s been an absolutely huge week for the world’s leading tech companies, for better or for worse. After months of anticipation, investors and analysts finally have answers to a number of looming questions surrounding Apple, Tesla, Samsung, and a number of other high-profile technology firms. Frankly, it’s all a bit too much to digest in a single sitting, but there are at least a few things worth addressing before we officially close out the week. As I’d been predicting would happen since late last year, Apple’s iPhone sales continue to falter. For the first time since 2001, the consumer tech giant posted a year-over-year revenue decline, and a significant one at that. All told, sales for the firm were down 7.7% from the same period in 2015... and for a $600 billion firm, that’s beyond significant. At the same time, Samsung’s profits have completely dropped off a cliff, making Apple’s awful year somehow look palatable by comparison. Thanks largely to its exploding Galaxy Note7 fiasco, the firm’s mobile division profits have imploded 96% year over year, while overall operating profit has fallen 30%. For those of you who’ve kept up with our market commentary lately, these numbers should be of little to no surprise. Sure, I’m had my fun with hyperbole, touting my “Death of the iPhone” thesis, but you can’t say it hasn’t been turning out. The handset industry has clearly hit a plateau, both in terms of sales and innovation, and leading firms like Apple are now losing market share to other OEMs that have reached technological parity. Apple’s inability to innovate has slowly but surely caught up to the firm, as I’ve been arguing would inevitably happen as far back as 2013. Not only is the company experiencing underwhelming demand for its monotonous iPhone 7, but competing firms such as Microsoft and Google are compounding the problem, releasing a slew of new and innovative products that paint a dreary future for what was once considered the authoritative avant-garde company of tech. In an ongoing effort to ramp up its hardware division, Microsoft now has a viable answer to the Macbook with its Surface Pro notebook and is showing up the iMac with its wonderfully received Surface Studio PC. I could go on for pages about all the features and specs of these devices, but the headlines alone are telling enough: “Microsoft Surface Studio’s Gains Will Be Apple’s Loss” — Wired “Microsoft Continues Attacks On Apple” — Forbes “Apple should stop selling four-year-old computers” — The Verge At the same time, both Google and Microsoft have officially joined the virtual reality race, while Apple is still nowhere to be seen. Google, with its Daydream headset (compatible with its new Pixel phone), and Microsoft, with a dedicated VR headset revealed this week, are making Apple look infantile by comparison. It’s not just Microsoft and Google that are getting a head start on Apple, though. HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus, and Acer are all partnering to bring these products to store shelves for as little at $299. Not to mention Facebook and Samsung are betting big on VR, too... Personally, I picked up my Google Pixel earlier this week, with VR being one of two major selling points. I’m waiting on my Daydream headset to ship so we can have some fun with VR at the office next week, and I can already say that the integrated AI (Google Assistant) simply blows Siri out of the water (the aforementioned second major selling point). I can’t remember the last time a smartphone has earned the “oohs” and “ahhs” of friends and colleagues, but the Pixel certainly does the trick. The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Stay on top of the hottest investment ideas before they hit Wall Street. Sign up for the Wealth Daily newsletter below. You'll also get our free three part report, "Five Tech Stocks to Buy Now". We never spam! View our Privacy Policy Meanwhile, Apple has been forced to delay its AirPod rollout, though no one seemed to really be excited about those anyway... Jointly, the firm held its latest Macbook reveal on Thursday, which still lags being the Surface Pro in terms of capability, offering no touch display, no detachable tablet, or anything really worth getting excited about, period. Of course, these words probably sound pretty harsh, and I’d certainly be amiss to say that Apple doesn’t still make quality products. I love my Macbook and have for years — but that’s exactly the point. Apple has done nothing in terms of innovation to convince users to upgrade. Microsoft has done plenty to make me consider switching to the Surface Pro when the time comes. Google certainly convinced me to switch over from HTC with its new Pixel phone... In the midst of all this commotion, though, investors don’t stand to make their biggest returns chasing companies like Microsoft or Google as Apple falters. Those may be the firms that make all the headlines on the front pages of Forbes and the Wall Street Journal, but the ships that make the sharpest turns at sea are not the 500,000-ton tankers; they’re the powerboats and dinghies riding in their wake. If you don’t quite catch my drift, I’m referring to the component providers lurking inside — the companies that allow consumer electronics to exist in the first place. Underappreciated by mainstream media, these are the firms you ultimately want to invest in if you’re looking for meaningful growth. Of course, the bulk of investment opportunities in mobile phones has already come and gone. With Apple and Samsung slowing down, there's no longer much of a wake for component providers to ride in anymore. Instead, investors would be wise to start looking elsewhere for growth, particularly into emerging technologies such as driverless cars, the Internet of Things (IoT), and, of course, VR/AR. For our number one pick in the latter, you'll want to hear my iPhone Killer thesis. Until next time,    Jason Stutman  @JasonStutman on Twitter In addition to his work at Wealth Daily, Jason Stutman serves as the Managing Editor for multiple investment advisory newsletters including Technology and Opportunity and The Cutting Edge. Jason has also served as an editor and contributor for popular investment services Energy and Capital and Tech Investing Daily. Jason holds a B.A. in Behavioral Science alongside an M.Ed.,with postgrad coursework in mathematics, technology, and science. The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Sign up to receive the Wealth Daily newsletter - it's absolutely free! In each issue, you'll get our best investment research, designed to help you build a lifetime of wealth, minus the risk. Plus, by signing up, you'll instantly receive our new report: Surviving the Coming Economic Collapse. Subscribe Related Articles Why the Apple Car (Project Titan) May Never Come Apple's ability to build autonomous vehicles is questionable at best. For Starters, they have no experience dealing with automobiles whatsoever. The Future of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) will Blind You! When it comes to investing in the "Big Picture," Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) IS the Big Picture. What You Need to Know About Artificial Intelligence Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) continues to shift into artificial intelligence with its new acquisition of Movidius. 3 Virtual Reality Stocks to Buy Today These three blue chip firms are betting big on virtual reality. The Top 5 Dividend Stocks There is just one way to guarantee that you make money with your investments: buy stocks that pay dividends. Briton Ryle shares his top 5 dividend stocks. Comments Buffett's Envy: 50% Annual Returns, Guaranteed Warren Buffett once told investors at an annual shareholder meeting, "...it's a huge structural advantage not to have a lot of money. I think I could make you 50% a year on $1 million. No, I know I could. I guarantee that." Buffett later went on to talk about one incredible advantage that average, smaller investors have over Berkshire. Point blank, The "Oracle of Omaha" envies people like you because you can invest in small cap stocks and he can't. Join our community of over 400,000 readers at Wealth Daily today for FREE, and get started with three of our top small-cap tech stock picks – the kinds of high-return investments Warren Buffet now can only dream of making. Subscribe Learn about Wealth Daily and our Privacy Policy Top Rated 1 What a Trump Presidency Means for the... 2 Trump Stocks 3 Gold Gets Oversold in "Trump Rally" 4 The Pendulum Swings... Slightly Less... 5 A Rigged System on the Verge of Collapse Trending Articles 1 Another Reason Cannabis is a Socially... 2 The Most Profitable Cannabis... 3 Why Mark Zuckerberg is NOT the Next... 4 The Five Best Investing Apps 5 Why You Should Be Buying Bitcoin in 2017 Wealth Daily About Us Editors Videos Archives Reports Investment Resources Contact Us Copyright and Fair Use Contact Us Wealth Daily 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Tel: (877) 303-4529 Fax: (410) 814-5959 Search About We've assembled some of the best investment minds the market has to offer. All are experts in various fields. And our record is second to none. The flagship e-Letter of Angel Publishing, Wealth Daily brings you these market insights and commentaries every day directly to your email inbox. Our editors have over a combined 75 years in the investment research sector. © 2016 Wealth Daily. All rights reserved. Report: How to Make Your Fortune in Stocks The REAL secret to consistent, reliable stock market profits is simple: own top quality dividend stocks! We'll show you how to get consistent and reliable income from dividend stocks. Send My FREE Report Now Subscribe
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened to Apple, Inc.'s Installed Base Purchases Metric? It's probably the SEC's fault. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Nov 1, 2016 at 5:10PM Games are the most popular category in the App Store, where Apple only recognizes the net commission that it earns through the agency model. Image source: Apple. In January of this year, Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) did something peculiar. The Mac maker introduced a new non-GAAP metric called "installed base related purchases." The new metric was provided since Apple accounts for content sales in different ways depending on if it's using the wholesale model or the agency model. iTunes purchases have historically used the wholesale model (Apple recognizes the full gross transaction amount) while third-party apps sold on the App Store used the agency model (Apple recognizes only the net commission that it keeps). Installed base related purchases represented the gross dollar amount of content that users were purchasing, irrespective of the underlying accounting. At the time, Apple also used the opportunity to point to a different non-GAAP metric of constant currency revenue growth, in order to contextualize the havoc that the strengthening dollar was causing on the reported results. While Apple quickly stopped using constant currency revenue growth, it continued to report installed base related purchases in what I viewed as a concerted effort to shift investor focus away from iPhone unit sales toward recurring services revenue. Until now. Say no more There was no disclosure of installed base related purchases when Apple reported its fiscal fourth-quarter results last month. Management didn't even mention it on the call. The absence of this disclosure was unexpected since Apple had introduced this metric so recently. Combined with the year-over-year comparisons, investors could start to form a picture of how this metric was trending. As a finance nerd, I must admit that I was actually looking forward to completing the picture to see how installed base related purchases fared over the past couple years. Apple previously provided data for the first three fiscal quarters for 2015 and 2016. Fiscal Quarter Installed Base Related Purchases (Non-GAAP) Q1 2015 $7.2 billion Q2 2015 $7.8 billion Q3 2015 $8 billion Q4 2015 ??? Q1 2016 $8.9 billion Q2 2016 $9.9 billion Q3 2016 $10.3 billion Q4 2016 ??? Data source: Apple. Apple also gave the total for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015. Fiscal Year Installed Base Related Purchases (Non-GAAP) 2014 $25.3 billion 2015 $31.2 billion Data source: Apple. Using the full-year fiscal 2015 total, we can derive the Q4 2015 figure to be $8.2 billion. This is what we get. Data source: Apple. Chart by author. Fiscal quarters shown. While we don't have the Q4 2016 number, we can say that that the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 alone generated more digital content sales ($29.1 billion) than all of fiscal 2014. To GAAP or not to GAAP, that is the question The more important question for investors to ask is why did Apple stop disclosing this non-GAAP metric? Did management suddenly deem this metric to be not useful? After all, the original rationale for creating it was: "Apple considers non-GAAP installed base related purchases to be a useful metric for investors and management as it provides a more complete picture of the transactions generated by the installed base." It's unlikely that there is some troubling trend in content purchases that Apple is trying to hide, either. It's completely true that the use of non-GAAP financial metrics has gotten out of hand in recent years. Perhaps the culmination of this abuse actually occurred years ago when a freshly public daily deals company wanted to start reporting "adjusted consolidated segment operating income," before the SEC stepped in and said it was just ridiculous. Well, the SEC has stepped in throughout 2016 and warned public companies to back away from non-GAAP metrics, cracking down on a number of companies across many industries with strongly worded letters. For the most part, Apple has been a strong role model in terms of avoiding non-GAAP metrics. Before this year, the last time that Apple used non-GAAP metrics was when it was required to account for iPhone sales using the subscription model, which went away in 2009. The company still includes non-cash costs like stock-based compensation, likely the most popular exclusion in non-GAAP figures, in its results. It's possible that Apple's move away from non-GAAP metrics is merely conservatism with how it reports to the SEC, but I'm still curious. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 5:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 7:23 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 8 Rumors: Wireless Charging Coming 10th Anniversary Smartphone? By Karen Tumbokon On 11/01/16 AT 6:07 PM Close Apple’s manufacturing partner Foxconn is making wireless charging modules to go with the iPhone’s 10th anniversary, which is planned to be released in 2017, according to Nikkei. The source says Foxconn is making modules that will be incorporated into the handsets, but it’s unclear what iPhone models for release in 2017 will have the new feature. “But whether the feature can eventually make it into Apple’s updated devices will depend on whether Foxconn can boost the yield rate to a satisfactory level later on,” the source said. Related Stories Apple’s AirPods Might Be Delayed Until January 2017, Report Says Hulu Live TV Service Will Have Disney, ABC, ESPN, Fox And More The Nikkei Asian Review also reported that Apple plans to replace the iPhone current metal casing with a glass back and metal frame for it new handset models next year. The new handset will sport a 5.5-inch curved organic light-emitting screen, while the additional two models will have a flat poly-silicon display, said the Nikkei Asian Review. Tai Jeng-wi, president of Sharp Corp, an iPhone panel supplier, said on Saturday that future iPhones could feature OLED display, though he did not say when Apple would make the change. Wireless charging capabilities is part of Apple’s ongoing efforts to change the iPhone design and boost sales during the 10th anniversary. For now, the new model has been called the iPhone 8, which Apple may decide to rename before its launch. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology OnePlus 4 Rumor Claims Snapdragon 830/835, 6GB/8GB RAM Models The OnePlus 4 is said to come with a 5.3-inch 2K display, a 4,000 mAh battery and dual cameras. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple AirPods launch now tipped for January 2017 When Apple announced its wireless AirPods, it kept the shipping timeline for late October. But last week, due to some undisclosed reason, the Cupertino giant officially delayed the launch but didn’t announce any other time frame. Now According to Chinese-language Economic Daily News, Apple might start shipping the Airpods as early as next year in January. The newspaper suggests that AirPods supplier Inventec is expected to achieve 7% on-year revenue growth in 2017 because of AirPods orders. Economic Daily noted: Apple originally planned to release the AirPods at the end of October, but has postponed release. Inventec is expected to begin shipping AirPods in January 2017. To remind you, Apple killed the 3.5mm headphone jack on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus this year. Though the company ships an adapter for 3.5mm headphone jack, it also introduced new wireless Airpods powered by a brand new W1 chip. The Airpods also include beam forming microphones located in the bottom half of the earphone. Both in mono and stereo mode, you can tap the side of the earphone and talk to Siri. Each individual Airpod gets dual optical sensors on the side that detect your tap. The Apple Earpods with charging case is priced at $159 and if the latest report is to be believed then Apple might start shipping it in January 2017. Via (1) (2) "Apple AirPods launch now tipped for January 2017", 1 out of 5 based on 10 ratings. Author: Hitesh Arora From making Gadget and Auto videos for TV and online media, this guy landed up in Tech Writing. He has his heart at the right place when it comes to finding deals online. You will always find him suggesting people which device to buy. Hitesh calls himself a TV buff, who loves cooking, eating, dancing, and sleeping. You can follow him on Twitter @hitesharoraa View all posts by Hitesh Arora Author Hitesh AroraPosted on November 2, 2016Categories Apple, News, Rumors Post navigation Previous Previous post: iPhones to sport OLED display and wireless charging, LG G6 to have Iris Scanner – FoneArena Daily Next Next post: Airtel, Vodafone and Idea expected to launch VoLTE services soon to take on Reliance Jio Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google Play Music revamped with fresh UI, smarter playlists Jio Experience Center Tour – JioFiber, SmartCar, SmartHome and more iPhone 8 could sport bezel-less design, OnePlus 3T teased and more – FoneArena Daily Ulefone Armor rugged smartphone with 4.7-inch display, 3GB RAM announced Fingerprint Gesture app brings some Pixel functions to Android devices Samsung Galaxy On8 review MobiKwik now allows money transfer to any bank account at 0% fee SwiftKey for Android gets incognito mode, new themes and more in latest update Samsung to acquire HARMAN for $8 billion to boost connected car tech InFocus Epic 1 Review CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Data And Telecom      Is Apple Losing Its Mojo? Related Content Topic :  Tablets Netbooks and UMPCs  Blog :  Microsoft and Its Surface Pro: In the Right Place at the Right Time Is Apple Losing Its Mojo? Carl Weinschenk |   Data and Telecom   |   Posted 01 Nov, 2016          |         |     Share Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends for 2017 It is interesting and valuable to look at new products released by companies that are on top. They can be leading indicators of stagnation and decline, or point to continued innovation. Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 disaster, of course, wasn’t obvious until the devices started catching fire – which is one way to catch people’s attention. More subtle hints can be found in new devices by those who look carefully. Apple last week released the latest iteration of the MacBook Pro. The reviews are not very encouraging to the folks in Cupertino. At CNET, Sean Hollister wrote commentary peppered with Tweets on the new device. The themes are that Apple has stopped innovating and listening to its customers and an old rival is pushing it in this product segment: Now, Microsoft and its army of partners (Asus, Acer, Dell, HP, Lenovo and more) will be all too happy to claim the audience Apple has spurned. It's quite the role reversal for the rival companies. The reaction is not much kinder elsewhere. The first sentence of Yoni Heisler’s piece at BGR gets right to the point: It’s been a few days since Apple unveiled its revamped MacBook Pro and the frustration surrounding Apple’s alleged disregard for its core users is still palpable. The rest of the piece is more balanced and does point out that the latest MacBook Pro is thinner, lighter, has improved display, somewhat enhanced internal elements and the Touch Bar, which is the highest profile new feature. The bottom line, though, is that Heisler’s piece paints a picture of a company that has lost touch with its customers, at least for this line of products. The suggestion is that Apple no longer knows what to do with the MacBook Pro. One thing that hasn’t changed is that Apple products are difficult to deal with. Ars Technica posted a story on iFixit’s teardown of the device. Essentially, it is not easy to work on and there are few things that the owner can do on his or her own. For instance, the battery is glued in and the single element that can be removed – the solid state drive – is proprietary. The iFixit analysis is 20 steps long. The authors gave it four negatives and one positive and a score of two (out of 10) on its “repairability” scale. It is fair to point out that the device doesn’t lack for speed. Lucas Mearian wrote last week that the 2015 version of the laptop was fast, but that “the new MacBook Pro's specs smoke its predecessor.” Speed is not the only issue, however. Apple made its reputation as the company with the intuitive sense of what its customers want – or soon would want. This is most evident in the worlds of the iPad and iPhone. It still may have the knack in those areas. But, apparently, it is no longer so sure footed in the laptop sector. Carl Weinschenk covers telecom for IT Business Edge. He writes about wireless technology, disaster recovery/business continuity, cellular services, the Internet of Things, machine-to-machine communications and other emerging technologies and platforms. He also covers net neutrality and related regulatory issues. Weinschenk has written about the phone companies, cable operators and related companies for decades and is senior editor of Broadband Technology Report. He can be reached at cweinsch@optonline.net and via twitter at @DailyMusicBrk. Save          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Follow: Architecture Design Interiors Movies Comments Opinion News Interviews Highlights About Subscribe Submit a story Advertise Contact Legal Dezeen Magazine Follow: Movies Comments Opinion Architecture Design Interiors Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List "Apple doesn't understand how quickly we want things to advance" Share: Trudie Carter | 1 November 2016 Leave a comment Is Apple struggling to keep up with its rivals? Readers are debating whether the tech giant has run out of innovation in this week's comments update. MacBook no: Apple has redesigned the MacBook Pro laptop to include a touch-sensitive bar between the keyboard and screen, but readers aren't convinced by the latest update. "I thought keyboards were on their way out. Apple doesn't seem to understand how quickly we want things to advance," said Randy Geyer. Some felt the addition of a secondary screen didn't go far enough. "It seems pretty obvious to add a keyboard to an iPad and call it a new MacBook," Steve Hassler pointed out. "Nothing to compare with Microsoft's Surface. It's clear enough that Apple doesn't have any new cutting-edge ideas anymore," wrote Ale. He wasn't the only commenter to compare Apple to tech rival Microsoft: Read the comments on this story › Love me render: readers are questioning whether architects should return to creating models with their hands, after Peter Zumthor admitted he "doesn't like" the digital renderings of his LACMA building. "Renders do not maketh the building. I think architects currently put too much value on renders," said DoS. "Unfortunately, any way they render this project, the silly faux-Japanese pavilion is still there in the middle," wrote Studio. Others felt Zumthor's concerned rang true. "These renders are pretty poor but it's nice to know that even Zumthor has to jump through such hoops in the process of designing a building," said a user called Middlemarch. "Let's get back to drawing and modelling with our hands and reject this fake digital 'culture'," said Jeff P. One reader pointed out that even the most sophisticated renders have pitfalls: Read the comments on this story › Science fiction: Beijing studio MAD has revealed two new designs for its George Lucas Museum of Narrative Art – one for San Francisco, and one for Los Angeles – which have been described as a "giant evil duck" and "military outpost on an uninhabited planet" respectively. Some were full of praise for the undulating designs. "Curves are the new boxes," said Endrope. "LA one looks best, more like a sci-fi village," said user Disqus_G5hXiwS1cQ. Other were less convinced. "I can't wait until this ooze architecture falls out of vogue," said 8mismo. Read the comments on this story › Escape route: a wall-mounted cubby hole designed to provide a secluded space for office workers proved controversial in the comments, with readers branding it "ridiculous" and "humiliating". "Want a break from the office floor? Go cry in the bathroom like the rest of us," wrote Trent. "I think it's even more humiliating to 'escape' into this vertical coffin!" said Tony Keith. But one reader had a different interpretation of the product: Read the comments on this story › Read more comments update Share and comment Share: Leave a comment More Architecture Design Interiors Previous story Foster + Partners unveils supertall twin towers for Miami Next story The Sleep Event unveils 2016 programme of events Comments   Latest stories Timelapse movie captures visitor centre created by Reiulf More MW Works uses weathered cedar and glass to build waterside More Royal College of Art named most important design school on More Sunken washroom by Studio 304 allows residents to bathe in a More Design Museum installs IKEA refugee shelter on London streets Paulo Merlini suspends chopsticks from ceiling of minimal More Architects and designers celebrate launch of Dezeen Hot List More USB stick diagnoses HIV in 30 minutes Architecture Interiors Design Subscribe Sign up for a daily roundup of all our stories Dezeen Mail Dezeen Daily Movies News Interviews Competitions Dezeen Watch Store Dezeen Jobs Highlights Architecture Mexico's new architecture hotspot Architecture Mexico's new architecture hotspot Architecture Textured brick house extension Architecture Textured brick house extension Design Corrugated ruler Design Corrugated ruler Design Plumen's modular chandelier Design Plumen's modular chandelier Architecture WORKac's jagged roof extension Architecture WORKac's jagged roof extension Design Dyson opens engineering university Design Dyson opens engineering university Architecture Herzog at the RCA Architecture Herzog at the RCA Architecture Precarious Alpine shelter Architecture Precarious Alpine shelter Architecture 10 Canadian hideaways Architecture 10 Canadian hideaways Architecture "Trump has no infrastructure plans" Architecture "Trump has no infrastructure plans" Highlights Dezeen Hot List is live Highlights Dezeen Hot List is live Highlights Inside 18 architecture studios Highlights Inside 18 architecture studios Architecture Spiralling courtyard house Architecture Spiralling courtyard house Design IKEA recreates Syrian home Design IKEA recreates Syrian home Design "Austerity Toblerone" outrage Design "Austerity Toblerone" outrage Share: Subscribe Submit a story Advertise Contact Movies Comments Opinion Architecture Design Interiors Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Dezeen Book of InterviewsDezeen Watch StoreAre you looking for a job in architecture or design? Visit our recruitment site Dezeen Jobs
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened to Apple, Inc.'s Installed Base Purchases Metric? It's probably the SEC's fault. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Nov 1, 2016 at 5:10PM Games are the most popular category in the App Store, where Apple only recognizes the net commission that it earns through the agency model. Image source: Apple. In January of this year, Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) did something peculiar. The Mac maker introduced a new non-GAAP metric called "installed base related purchases." The new metric was provided since Apple accounts for content sales in different ways depending on if it's using the wholesale model or the agency model. iTunes purchases have historically used the wholesale model (Apple recognizes the full gross transaction amount) while third-party apps sold on the App Store used the agency model (Apple recognizes only the net commission that it keeps). Installed base related purchases represented the gross dollar amount of content that users were purchasing, irrespective of the underlying accounting. At the time, Apple also used the opportunity to point to a different non-GAAP metric of constant currency revenue growth, in order to contextualize the havoc that the strengthening dollar was causing on the reported results. While Apple quickly stopped using constant currency revenue growth, it continued to report installed base related purchases in what I viewed as a concerted effort to shift investor focus away from iPhone unit sales toward recurring services revenue. Until now. Say no more There was no disclosure of installed base related purchases when Apple reported its fiscal fourth-quarter results last month. Management didn't even mention it on the call. The absence of this disclosure was unexpected since Apple had introduced this metric so recently. Combined with the year-over-year comparisons, investors could start to form a picture of how this metric was trending. As a finance nerd, I must admit that I was actually looking forward to completing the picture to see how installed base related purchases fared over the past couple years. Apple previously provided data for the first three fiscal quarters for 2015 and 2016. Fiscal Quarter Installed Base Related Purchases (Non-GAAP) Q1 2015 $7.2 billion Q2 2015 $7.8 billion Q3 2015 $8 billion Q4 2015 ??? Q1 2016 $8.9 billion Q2 2016 $9.9 billion Q3 2016 $10.3 billion Q4 2016 ??? Data source: Apple. Apple also gave the total for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015. Fiscal Year Installed Base Related Purchases (Non-GAAP) 2014 $25.3 billion 2015 $31.2 billion Data source: Apple. Using the full-year fiscal 2015 total, we can derive the Q4 2015 figure to be $8.2 billion. This is what we get. Data source: Apple. Chart by author. Fiscal quarters shown. While we don't have the Q4 2016 number, we can say that that the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 alone generated more digital content sales ($29.1 billion) than all of fiscal 2014. To GAAP or not to GAAP, that is the question The more important question for investors to ask is why did Apple stop disclosing this non-GAAP metric? Did management suddenly deem this metric to be not useful? After all, the original rationale for creating it was: "Apple considers non-GAAP installed base related purchases to be a useful metric for investors and management as it provides a more complete picture of the transactions generated by the installed base." It's unlikely that there is some troubling trend in content purchases that Apple is trying to hide, either. It's completely true that the use of non-GAAP financial metrics has gotten out of hand in recent years. Perhaps the culmination of this abuse actually occurred years ago when a freshly public daily deals company wanted to start reporting "adjusted consolidated segment operating income," before the SEC stepped in and said it was just ridiculous. Well, the SEC has stepped in throughout 2016 and warned public companies to back away from non-GAAP metrics, cracking down on a number of companies across many industries with strongly worded letters. For the most part, Apple has been a strong role model in terms of avoiding non-GAAP metrics. Before this year, the last time that Apple used non-GAAP metrics was when it was required to account for iPhone sales using the subscription model, which went away in 2009. The company still includes non-cash costs like stock-based compensation, likely the most popular exclusion in non-GAAP figures, in its results. It's possible that Apple's move away from non-GAAP metrics is merely conservatism with how it reports to the SEC, but I'm still curious. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 5:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Updated Hot Tags NASA Climate Change Earth Satellite Alien Experience us with dark theme sciencewr.com Home Space Nature & Environment Health & Medicine Tech Physics Human Video Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Advertisement Latest Facebook App Update Is Causing Some iPhones To Crash Leoben Miel First Posted: Nov 01, 2016 04:40 AM EDT Streisand shared a funny little anecdote that happened to include possible confirmation of an upcoming iOS 10 update set to be released on September 30th in an interview with NPR. (Photo : Cole Bennetts/Getty Images) Some iPhones are crashing after they have uploaded the latest Facebook app update. The update, released on October 20, is causing the smartphone to restart and freeze showing only the Apple logo. Reports and social media posts of users stated that the anomaly is happening while downloading the new version of the Facebook app and not while the app is being utilized. Advertisement After the iPhone freezes it is required to restore the phone from iTUnes before owners can use the device again. This can be done by plugging the device through a USB cable into a Mac or PC with ITunes and follow steps in restoration. While the fix is relatively easy and straightforward, the restoration could potentially result into a loss of pictures and other information from the iPhone if the user failed have a backup. The news initially spread out after an Apple Store employee named Genius said that he had seen some abnormal number of users come in and report the same issue a week ago.  He then counter checked with five other Apple Stores who oversees such issues, and he surmised that the errors has all happened when owners are updating their Facebook app. Advertisement Several Apple support forum threads and numerous number of tweets have been dedicated towards the issue of the Facebook update. The error has been affecting iPhone SE and iPhone 6S users. A number of users who have been affected by the issue has verified that the issue can be alleviated through the iTunes restoration using Mac and or PC. Users has been able to get their iPhone 6S and other iPhones up and running by using the simple restoration process. Meanwhile, both Apple and Facebook has not yet responded to any request and inquiry about any information regarding the said crash and freeze issue.   TagsiPhone, Apple iPhone, iPhone 6+, iTunes, Facebook update, Facebook, Facebook App, Facebook App Update ©2016 ScienceWorldReport.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. The window to the world of science news. Related Articles 'Clash of Clans' December Update Release Date, Latest News: Leak Confirms New Sh... 'Final Fantasy 7' Remake Release Date, Latest News, Update: Game’s 2018 Launch... 'Final Fantasy 15' Latest News, Updates: Demo Is Full Of Bugs, Brand Manager Tak... Best Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals: Fire Tablet At $33.33, Upto 50% Discount on... NES Classic Edition: New Stock Coming Out Soon, Nintendo Promises To Replinish A... Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Join the Conversation Go to Top Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Advertisement More on SCIENCEWR Origins Of Human: How the Neanderthals Influence the Modern Day Human (Video) Poaching Soars: Illegal Ivory Trade Arises from Recent Elephant Killings Surfer Wrestles with a Great White Shark; It is Not from a Hollywood Movie NASA’s New Tool Helps Spot ISS from Earth Advertisement Most Read on SCIENCEWR Seabirds At Risk For Ingesting Inedible Compounds Million Dollar Worth Of Whale Vomit Found By Fishermen; Treasure Of The Ocean Climate Change Documentary: View Leonardo DiCaprio's 'Before The Flood' Film for Free Advertisement Is The Endangered Species Database Underestimating The Number Of Species At Risk? Does UK Have Its Own ‘Area 51’? NASA’s New Tool Helps Spot ISS From Earth Samsung Gear S3 Release Date Update, Latest News: Smartwatch To Hit US Market Shelves On November 18; Will It Outperform Apple Watch 2? More Popular News Advertisement Spotlight How Much "Screen Time" Is Best For Your Children? Treatment Approach Used In Cancer Holds Promise For Alzheimer’s Disease Air Pollution Emergency Update: Public Health Dangers Not Tackled Enough, Scientists Warn Say Cheese! Experts Explain Why People Have A Love Hate Relationship With Cheese Advertisement Categories Space & The Future Nature & Environment Health & Medicine Tech Physics Human Video Categories About us Privacy Policy Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Video hands-on: 10+ new features in iOS 10.2 beta 1 By Christian Zibreg, Nov 1, 2016 Tweet 52 Comments Apple yesterday issued beta 1 of the forthcoming iOS 10.2 software update for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. For starters, iOS 10.2 beta 1 includes three new wallpapers, provides a bunch of new emoji as part of the Unicode 9.0 standard and gives Camera the optional ability to remember filter, Live Photo and mode settings. Star ratings are back in the Music app and Videos has its own widget. Oh, and you can now annoy friends with a brand new animation in Messages. Without further ado, here’s our video hands-on with iOS 10.2 beta 1 accompanied by a detailed description of all the new features and enhancements. iOS 10.2 beta 1 is available to developers who are members of the Apple Developer Program as well as to public beta testers that enrolled in the Apple Beta Software Program. iOS 10.2 beta 1 arrived a week after iOS 10.1 with Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus released for public consumption. iOS 10.2 beta 1 video hands-on As is our wont, we have analyzed iOS 10.2 beta 1 on our own devices in search of new features. Our resident video editor Andrew O’Hara then created a video hands-on to show you guys everything new and improved in iOS 10.2. Don’t see the embedded clip? Watch it on YouTube! Be sure to like and share video with friends and family and don’t forget to subscribe to iDownloadBlog’s YouTube channel on your way out for more cool vids from our team. Detailed overview of all the changes, improvements and new user-facing features in iOS 10.2 beta 1 follows further below. Unicode 9.0 emoji iOS 10.2 beta 1 builds on the 100+ new gender diverse emoji added in iOS 10.0 with a variety of newly added ones which happen to be part of the latest Unicode 9.0 specification. Unicode Consortium, the organization which develops the Unicode standard, released the Unicode 9.0 specification in June 2016. Some of the new emoji from Unicode 9.0 that you can use in iOS 10.2 beta 1 include: Animals & Nature Butterfly Owl Shark Food & Drink Avocado Bacon Croissant Pancakes Whiskey glass Smileys & People Clown face Cowboy hat face Doctor Drooling face Face palm Fox face Firefighter Lawyer Mechanic Person taking a selfie Sideways laughing face Scientist Shaking hands Sneezing face Thumbs down All told, there are more than a hundred new and improved emoji in this iOS beta release, including 22 new emoji in the “Smileys & People” category, 18 new “Food & Drink” emoji and a bunch of emoji in the “Activity,” “Animals & Nature” and “Objects” categories. Andrew’s short and sweet video highlights some of the best new emoji in iOS 10.2. Apple continues to focus on gender diverse characters because some of the newly added profession emoji are available in both male and female genders by way of tap-and-holding. Additionally, many of iOS’s existing emoji have been visually perfected and redesigned in iOS 10.2 beta 1, such as the alien emoji. Dang. The ancient Apple emoji — which were never really meant to be seen bigger than 32 × 32 — are redrawn quite well in iOS 10.2! Good job! pic.twitter.com/X6WskExq1D — Cabel Sasser (@cabel) October 31, 2016 These new emoji are also available on the Apple Watch with watchOS 3.1.1 beta 1 and on the Mac with macOS Sierra 10.12.2 beta 1. Three new wallpapers iOS 10.2 beta 1 includes three new wallpapers for your Lock and Home screen in Settings → Wallpaper. The new wallpapers are based on promotional graphics from iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus marketing materials. Keep in mind that these new wallpapers are only available on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. iDownloadBlog’s Wallpapers of the Week section has already highlighted the new wallpapers so check out Jim’s article if you wish to download and use these images on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. “Celebrate” Screen Effect in Messages iOS 10.2 beta 1 adds a new fullscreen animation to the stock Messages app, called “Celebrate”. You can use it like you would any other screen effect: type a message in the Messages text field, then tap and hold (or press with 3D Touch) the Send button to reveal the “Send with effect” menu. Now tap the Screen tab at the top and swipe left or right to cycle through built-in screen animations. The new Celebrate screen effect joins the existing Balloons, Confetti, Lasers, Fireworks and Shooting Star animations. If Reduced Motion has been turned on in Settings → General → Accessibility → Reduce Motion, be sure to slide the Auto-play Messages Effects switch to the ON position, as described in our how-to. This will ensure that Messages will play bubble and screen effects and other animations even when Reduce Motion is on. iOS 10.1 or later is required for the Auto-play Messages Effects feature. Preserve camera settings The built-in Camera app has a new switch to remember your last known camera mode, last used filter and Live Photo setting. Go to a brand new Preserve Settings section underneath the Camera heading in Settings → Photos & Camera, then slide the Camera Mode, Photo Filter and Live Photo toggles to the ON position. Enabling Camera Mode will preserve the last shooting mode, such as Video, Square, Portrait and more, rather than always launch Camera in Photo mode. When Photo Filter is on, your device will remember the last used filter rather than automatically reset to None every time you use filters in the Camera app. If your device supports Live Photos, you’ll also see a related Live Photo switch that tells iOS to stop resetting the Camera app to Live Photo every time it’s launched. Sorting options for playlist, songs & albums iOS 10.2’s Music app’s gained sorting options for playlists, songs and albums. To sort playlists, tap Library → Playlists, then tap Sort in the upper right and select a desired sorting mode for your playlists: Playlist Type, Title or Recently Added. As for your songs and albums, you can now sort them by Title or Artist. To sort albums, tap Library → Albums, then tap Sort in the upper right and choose Title or Album as your preferred sorting mode. To sort songs, tap Library → Songs, then tap Sort in the upper right and choose Title or Album as your preferred sorting mode. Star ratings on Apple Music If you’re subscribed to Apple Music and have been wondering if Apple will bring back the beloved star rating system, you’ll be happy to learn that iOS 10.2 beta 1 now lets you rate songs on a scale of 1-5. Go to Settings → Music and slide a new switch labeled Show Star Ratings to the ON position. This will ensure that your star ratings get remembered and synchronized with your other devices via iCloud. Song-starring  is very convenient if you want to create Smart Playlists in iTunes that automatically update with, say, your three-star songs, just the best five-star tracks and so forth. Star ratings are found in the action sheets for songs: simply choose Rate Song at the menu’s bottom to select your star rating. Don’t forget to tap Done to save the changes. On devices with 3D Touch, you can simply press an item that you previously added to your library to access the star rating feature faster. Apple has acknowledged that star ratings do not affect For You recommendations. Star ratings for your music in iOS 10.2 beta 1 are in addition to the existing Love/Dislike system in the Music app. Videos app gains its own widget iOS 10.0 provides widgets for most of the stock apps, sans the stock Videos app. iOS 10.2 beta rectifies that omission by implementing a brand new Videos widget which displays your downloaded movies and TV shows. Tapping any video on the widget starts the playback inside the Videos app. Any content not downloaded to the device via the Videos app won’t be displayed on the widget. To add the widget to the Notification Center and Lock/Home screen 0, pull down on any Home screen and swipe right to get to the widgets, then tap Edit at the screen bottom. Now tap the plus sign next to Videos underneath the More Widgets heading to add the Videos widget to your currently active widgets listed at the top of the interface. Optionally, grab Videos by its handle and drag it to a desired position. Tap Done to save the changes. On devices with 3D Touch, add the widget faster by pressing the Videos icon on the Home screen. Now tap the Add option in the upper right corner of the Videos widget inside the 3D Touch shortcuts menu. Press and Hold to Speak settings You’ll find a new “Press and Hold to Speak” feature under your Home button Accessibility settings. Tap Settings → General → Accessibility → Home Button and choose how you want your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch to respond when the Home button is pressed and held. You have three options available underneath the Press and Hold to Speak heading: Siri—Summon Siri when you hold down the Home button. This is default behavior. Voice Control—If you’d rather iOS’s classic Voice Control to respond when you press and hold the Home button, select this option. Tap Language below the Voice Dial Only heading to select the language you wish to use for Voice Control. Off—Choose this if you don’t want anything to happen after you press and hold the Home button. Keep in mind that choosing Voice Control will turn Siri off in Settings. If Voice Control was selected before changing Press and Hold to Speak settings to Siri, a prompt will go up asking if you’d like iOS 10 to enable Siri on your behalf. Emergency contacts After installing iOS 10.2 beta 1 to an iPhone paired with your Apple Watch, launch the Health app and hit the Medical ID tab at the bottom to see a message informing you that your emergency contacts will be notified as soon as you have used the life-saving Emergency SOS feature on your Apple Watch. “SOS and emergency contacts are now in your Medical ID in the Health app on iPhone. After you update your Apple Watch, all these contacts will be notified when you use Emergency SOS on iPhone or Apple Watch,“ reads the message. Redesigned headphone icon in AirPlay menu iOS 10.0 has brought out revamped device icons in the AirPlay menus that are accessible throughout iOS, including via Control Center, in the Music app, iOS media player and elsewhere in the system. In iOS 10.2 beta 1, there’s now a cool new headphone icon which appears in the iOS status bar when a Bluetooth audio device has been paired with your iOS device. This icon showed up for owners of the new Beats Solo3 headphones with the Apple W1 chip a few days ago. Previously, the iOS status bar presented any connected wireless headphones with a generic Bluetooth icon. The new headphone icon in the iOS status bar also displays your Bluetooth device’s battery charge, just like before. Miscellaneous Aside from the new features, iOS 10.2 beta 1 includes under-the-hood improvements that make your mobile experience more enjoyable and less buggy. For example, animations throughout the system have been sped up and run smoother than before. I own an iPhone 7 Plus and iOS 10.0 and iOS 10.1 were prone to the frame-dropping issue. Pretty much all system animations used to stutter on prior iOS 10 releases, like the Home screen zooming animation, the slide-to-unlock animation, scrolling through lists and more. Having updated my phone to iOS 10.2 beta 1, I immediately noticed that graphics performance has improved and many of the previously jerky animations now either run smoothly or drop fewer frames. Still, lots of work remains to be done before the iOS user interface will run at 60 frames per second. This tweak when responding to a Messages notification with Quick Reply is very cool: if you launch the full Messages app in the middle of typing your response, any typed text is now saved and carried over. To open the full Messages app from a Quick Reply overlay, tap anywhere inside the conversation above the text field. Now I’m not certain if this is a feature or a bug, but the Notification Center now automatically remembers the last place where you left off. For example: if you swipe right to get to your widgets before exiting the Notification Center, the next time you invoke the Notification Center you’ll be taken directly to your widgets. If your device has 3D Touch, you’ll also notice subtle differences in the shortcuts menu transparency. And last but not least, deselecting the Show Contact Photos option in Settings → Messages will now also remove profile pics from the chat heading at the top of the screen. Previously, contact photos were removed from the conversation list only. How do you like iOS 10.2 so far? Wrapping up, iOS 10.2 is shaping to be another major update following the release of iOS 10.1 with Portrait mode and a couple other improvements. With nearly a dozen new features and enhancements, iOS 10.2 should smooth out a few rough edges and improve experience for everyone. What’s your favorite feature in iOS 10.2 beta 1 so far, and why? While we’re at it, what would you improve about iOS if you were Apple? Share your observations with fellow readers in the comment section below and don’t forget you can influence our coverage and request specific articles via tips@iDownloadBlog.com. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple seeds iOS 10.1 beta 5 for iPhone 7/Plus to developers and public beta testers iOS 10.2 beta 2 now available to public beta testers One-handed iPhone keyboard discovered in iOS code, invoked by edge swipes on the keys Apple seeds iOS 10.1 beta 4 to developers and public beta testers Related Topics Apple, Beta, Camera, Developers, Emoji, Home Button, Home screen, iOS, iOS 10.2, iOS 10.2 beta 1, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Keyboard, Live Photos, Lock screen, Messages, Music, News, Screen effects, Siri, Unicode, Videos, Voice, Voice Control, Wallpaper, Widgets ConduciveMammal Hmm strange, I don’t seem to have the new wallpapers on mine. Also, I think the face palm emoji is new, is it not? Christian Zibreg I think you need to install iOS 10.2 beta 1 from scratch in order for these new wallpapers to became available. On my iPod touch and iPhone 6s they’re not available as I upgraded from iOS 10.1 to iOS 10.2 beta ConduciveMammal Ahhh that would make sense. What a strange caveat. I wonder if that was intentional. Cole Mahoney These wallpapers are only available for iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Christian Zibreg Thanks, added clarification to the post Christian Zibreg Indeed it is and thanks for pointing it out. Just added face palm to the bulleted emoji list in the article ConduciveMammal No problem at all 🙂 Vic O I don’t see the new wallpapers either. (iPhone 6S Plus). Gregg 7 and 7s only Scott Curry I think Apple would do well to start trying to kill text messaging as opposed to trying to get iMessage off the ground. Sure there’s a lot of cool things you can do with it, but nothing that really makes it stand out from any of the other million messaging apps available on the market… Christian Zibreg Aside from deep integration with devices and the whole Apple ecosystem Rowan09 Huh? iMessage is integrated in the OS and besides being free, playing games, downloading apps, stickers, ordering for a restaurant, making phone calls from anywhere in the world with wifi, etc, it’s one of Apples best feature by far. Scott Curry Because I can’t do those with a million other messaging apps available…and even better, cross-platform? iMessage certainly doesn’t allow that part, so they already have a HUGE leg up on it. Rowan09 Who cares about the availability of the many others iMessage is already integrated and doesn’t need any additional account or setting up and has many features those other messages don’t come close to having. I have facebook and what’s app and that’s it so the million others are pretty useless to me and many others. Scott Curry So let’s keep text messaging around JUST for you then… Rowan09 No not just for me, but people who don’t have access to data all the time or at all. Scott Curry Legacy gets left in the dust. Sorry if this hurts your grandparents… Rowan09 Ok if you say so. Is this just for the US or the world? Scott Curry My bad. Sorry if it hurts third world countries also… Scott Curry Up until a few months ago, I’m sure you thought a headphone jack on a cell phone was necessary too… Rowan09 No because I use Bluetooth Scott Curry But what will you do when Bluetooth isn’t available? O.o Rowan09 When Bluetooth isn’t available? If your trying to make a point what happens if your headphone jack is messed up, I would just use my eternal speakers until I get it fixed. Scott Curry Pay attention. I’m just making the same lame argument you made about data not being available. Rowan09 I understand but that makes little to no sense. You don’t need data, service, etc for Bluetooth, while data comes and goes all the time. Scott Curry Ok so apparently I wasn’t clear enough in saying that they should try to kill TEXT MESSAGING…an archaic communication practice. iMessage may very well be well-integrated, but that is message data transfer as in a messaging app, like FB Messenger and WhatsApp. Text messaging, however, the act of sending messages over the cellular connection, no longer needs to exist. Is that clearer?? Rowan09 It needs to exist because it doesn’t need data to send Scott Curry Just as the world is moving toward VoIP, in which case cellular data will be the only option available, so, too, does text messaging need to just go ahead and be put in the ground. Rowan09 So what happens when you don’t have data available? Scott Curry The same thing that happens when cellular isn’t available…or the same thing that happens when you don’t have a CD-ROM available…or the same thing that happens when you don’t have a headphone jack available…or the same thing that happens when you don’t have an LP player available… Legacy goes away and new technology takes it’s place. What did you do when RF wasn’t available, or the standard?? Rowan09 I’m still trying to figure why SMS needs to go as if we can’t have it as well when data fails. Scott Curry The same reason all legacy technology goes away. Because it’s LEG-A-CY. It’s no longer necessary. Y2J: Keeper of the List Just because it’s not necessary for you doesn’t mean it’s not necessary for other people. My girlfriend runs out of data after 2-3 weeks every month, so is she just supposed to not be able to text without wifi for the rest of the month? That’d be stupid. Scott Curry Just as stupid as running out of data 2-3 weeks into every billing cycle? Y2J: Keeper of the List Not her fault she still shares 10 gigs with 4 other people. My point was don’t be so ignorant to think that just because something doesn’t apply to you it doesn’t apply to anyone else. Scott Curry I didn’t assume that at all. Alex Wilson I really can’t figure why you want to kill of text/sms? I have about 15 cell phones for work at sites; I don’t need or want them to have data plans. What they need is the ability to make phone calls (gasp I know so low tech) and to be able to text. I don’t need an iPhone or any other smart phone, and as a result I can by pretty cheap phone for this task and best of all I don’t pay for any data. For my business this is perfect. Besides when those other apps fail because data speeds suck, my text messages still go through. Rowan09 Exactly. Why kill something that has no effect on the other moving forward. Mr_Coldharbour Also they finally added the ability to disable Voice Control even if Siri is disabled. This is the first iOS 10 update that I feel comfortable with, comfortable enough that I just MAYBE might update my daily driver iPhone 6S Plus. If only they’d put back the Health app like it was back in iOS 9 where the ever so useful graphs were front and center. Because the iOS 10 Health app redesign is awfully useless. JohnS https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f63bfd48cf7475a8d1f6f30d882fae5040b7aaede3c67d40f41c6f129ce29012.jpg This is the app I’m using that I mentioned in my last comment to you. I also hate the new health app (don’t know what apple was thinking when they “improved” it). Oh and Full Disclosure; that’s not my data, that’s just a screenshot I ripped from the iTunes store 😛 But I do use this app all the time and love it 🙂 Mr_Coldharbour Thank you for he recommendation. It looks rather informative. Will be looking into it if Apple doesn’t revert back to the old Health app design. 7000rpm Nice write up. Ds Everything looks a lot crisper with this update on the 7+ (emoji, text, pictures). At least it seems like they are. Franklin Richards The new wallpaper is disappointing. Would’ve thought it would be a LivePhoto like the website but it’s static… Apple damnit! Mr_Coldharbour I was beginning to think I was the ONLY person who noticed the Notification Center bug in which it didn’t remember what you last saw the next time you invoked it. All I know is that I reported the bug in Feedback Assistant more than 20 times and at one point Apple replied back saying it was “by design” and I thought that was stupid of them and a regression on their part because if Control Center remembered what you last saw why can’t Notification Center like it used to prior to iOS 10? It never had that problem since the introduction of widgets in iOS 8. I use widgets a lot and it’s the only reason why I even use NC. Now funny enough I had another Apple engineer reply to my bug report and he/she said that it’s being addressed in iOS 10.4, which I thought was strange because (1) that’s still a long way and why not address it now? And (2) iOS 10.2b1 fixed the issue and I told them that. All I can say is that I’m glad Apple finally fixed this problem and I hope they don’t break it again. Also I’m very pleased to see that they also finally (after many feedback I sent them) added the ability to disable Voice Control of Siri if the Home Button was pressed too long. That was one the main reasons why I jailbreak but now it’s built-in and should’ve always been because I’m very concerned about privacy and I don’t want my iPhone doing things if the Home Button was inadvertently pressed for too long. Siri is always disabled for me, don’t use it don’t need it. For the first time in a long time I’m actually pleased with this beta update and I look forward to these changes being permanent. Although I just wish Apple reverted back to the iOS 9-style Health app where the graphs were shown on the Dashboard by default. iOS 10 made the Health app rather useless in my opinion. JohnS Haha, yeah the day the beta came out for iOS 10 I started posting complaints on here about the new health app look and function. Fortunately there are some alternatives out there but none of them are as good (they don’t display everything) but the one I’m currently using is FitMetrics. IMO it has a beautiful dark interface and shows me a scrolling view of the graphs and each one can be tapped into for more info. I think it’s even free! The downside to it is that it is very limited in what it displays, but hopefully they will add more items over time like sleep tracking and what not. Anyways, I’m always on the lookout for health app replacements if you find any you like let me know. I’ll check them out 🙂 If you don’t like FitMetrics I’ve also tried out HealthView and FitPort and while I don’t like the look nearly as much; FitPort in particular offers support for more items out of the health app. Best of luck in finding a good replacement! Agneev Mukherjee An up vote for the novel… EDIT: You actually wrote some amazing and true shit. This has happened to me too… Mr_Coldharbour Cheers! mwpitt52 So if I upgrade from 10.1 to 10.2 Beta on my 6s Plus, I do not get any features to test. Does not make much sense Apple Y2J: Keeper of the List Still no damn dark mode edwilk55 Can not believe you still can’t sort by newest first inside a playlist!!! Apple has no eff’n clue on this one! Kiralaura When will 10.2 be publicly available? If I text a new emoji to a 10.1 phone what will they see?   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Mobile Mobile Accessories Valet Charger Power Pack 6700 mAh for Apple Watch + iPhone Belkin's Valet Charger Power Pack delivers on-the-go juice to your iPhone and Apple Watch simulataneously November 1, 2016 1:04 PM PDT Enlarge Image The Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack will be available this month. Belkin Earlier this year Belkin launched a new, more affordable dual-charging dock, the Powerhouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone ($100). Now it's got a new portable dual-charging that will hit stores soon: The Valet Charger (also $100), which has a built-in Magnetic Charging Module to recharge the Apple Watch, as well as USB out port for charging your iPhone -- or any phone. (No word yet on international pricing, but we'll add it as soon as we get it). Alas, no Lightning cable is incorporated into the design (or included), but the 6700 mAh portable battery is able to charge your iPone and Watch simultaneously. Here are the key specs: Built-in Magnetic Charging Module for Apple Watch 1A USB port 1x Micro-USB Cable MFi (Apple Watch) 6700 mAh battery 4 ft. Micro-USB Cable In other Belkin news, the company has announced it's developed a line a premium line of Mixit DuraTek cables built with DuPont Kevlar fiber "for extreme durability." The cables cost $30 and will be available on belkin.com on November 15. Enlarge Image Belkin has a new line of tough Lightning cables coming soon. Belkin Hot Products Apple iPhone 7 Starting at: $649.00 4.5 stars Apple iPhone 7 review: Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack Samsung Galaxy S7 Starting at: $469.99 4.5 stars Samsung Galaxy S7 review: Nailed it Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Starting at: $538.00 4.5 stars iPad Pro (9.7-inch) review: The best iPad ever can't quite kill your laptop -- yet Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Starting at: $639.00 4 stars Surface Pro 4 review: Still the king of tablet PCs   Discuss: Valet Charger Power Pack 6700 mAh for Apple... Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy Valet Charger Power Pack 6700 mAh for Apple Watch + iPhone Part Number: CNETValet Charger Power Pack 6700 mAh for Apple Watch + iPhone MSRP: $99.99 Visit manufacturer site for details. About The Author facebook twitter google David Carnoy Executive Editor David Carnoy has been a leading member of CNET's Reviews team since 2000. He covers the gamut of gadgets and is a notable e-reader and e-publishing expert. He's also the author of the novels Knife Music and The Big Exit. Both titles are available as Kindle, iBooks, and Nook e-books. © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry Hardware Tablet market declines for eighth consecutive quarter as Apple and Samsung stay on top By Rob Thubron on Nov 1, 2016, 3:00 PM TechSpot Will the tablet market ever stop declining? According to IDC figures, sales of slates and detachables – tablets with keyboards included – have fallen for the eighth quarter in a row. Compared to the same period last year, total tablet shipments are down 14.7 percent to 43 million units. Q3 2015 saw 50.5 million devices shipped worldwide - 10 percent lower than 2014. Apple and Samsung continue to dominate the sector, holding 21.5 percent and 15.1 percent market shares, respectively. The iPhone maker’s share went up this quarter by 1.9 points, while Samsung’s declined 0.9 points. Apple’s iPad Mini and iPad Air made up two-thirds of the company’s total tablet shipments, while the expensive iPad Pro helped keep revenues stable. Both Samsung and Apple experienced YoY declines; Apple dropped 6.2 percent, while Samsung fell 19.3 percent. Only two names on the list saw yearly growth: Huawei, in fifth position, was up by 28.4 percent from last year, and Amazon - stealing Lenovo's third spot - saw its YoY numbers increase by 319.9 percent. Vendor 3Q16 Unit Shipments 3Q16 Market Share 3Q15 Unit Shipments 3Q15 Market Share Year-Over-Year Growth 1. Apple 9.3 21.5% 9.9 19.6% -6.2% 2. Samsung 6.5 15.1% 8.1 16.0% -19.3% 3. Amazon.com 3.1 7.3% 0.8 1.5% 319.9% 4. Lenovo 2.7 6.3% 3.1 6.0% -10.8% 5. Huawei 2.4 5.6% 1.9 3.7% 28.4% Others 19.0 44.2% 26.9 53.2% -29.2% Total 43.0 100.0% 50.5 100.0% -14.7% Part of the reason why the online retailer’s growth figure is so high is because the IDC didn’t include the 6-inch Fire tablets in Q3 2015. The low-cost device sold well during July’s Prime Day sale, when they were discounted by 30 percent, and the recently refreshed Fire HD 8 will continue to boost Amazon’s numbers. Lenovo drops one place from Q2 2016 to fourth spot. Its YoY numbers fell 10.8 percent to 2.7 million units shipped, but its share grew 0.3 points to 6.3 percent. The majority of the tablet market continues to be made up of low-cost (sub-$200) devices. "Unfortunately, many low-cost detachables also deliver a low-cost experience," said Jitesh Ubrani, senior research analyst with IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Device Trackers. "The race to the bottom is something we have already experienced with slates and it may prove detrimental to the market in the long run as detachables could easily be seen as disposable devices rather than potential PC replacements." Related Reads Apple still dominates tablet market despite losing share to Samsung IDC report shows tablet sales continue to plummet, Apple increases lead over Samsung Samsung's massive 18.4-inch Galaxy View tablet spied in leaked photo set 9 comments 85 interactions Now Read This… The indefatigable PC IBM says Macs save as much as $543 per user versus a PC Popular 16 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it 46 comments China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump follows through on his trade war promise 8 comments Retailers reveal the price of the Nintendo Switch 10 comments Russia to investigate Microsoft, Kaspersky says Windows Defender is anti-competitive Load Comments 9 ... User Comments: 9 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 12 The closest supermoon since 1948 is about to occur 9 Retailers reveal the price of the Nintendo Switch 10 Adult Friend Finder parent company hacked, 412 million accounts from multiple sites exposed 27 Bethesda says 'turn down the settings' to fix Dishonored 2 performance issues 64 What do you do for work? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? March 12, 2015 Opinion: Are we bidding farewell to MagSafe, and does it matter? Ben Lovejoy - 2 years ago @benlovejoy Feature MacBook Pro MacBook MacBook Air Opinion AAPL Company Comments (102) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit When Apple unveiled the new 12-inch MacBook with just a single port (plus a headphone socket), it was doing not just one radical thing, but two. Reducing a machine to just one port was the first; dropping MagSafe was the second. MagSafe has been one of the key features of MacBooks since it was first introduced by Apple in 2006. It is still highlighted on Apple’s website as one of the key design features of both the MacBook Pro and MacBook Air. MacBook Air offers innovations you won’t find anywhere else — like the MagSafe 2 power connector, which breaks cleanly away from the notebook if you accidentally trip over the power cord. The magnetic power cord attaches securely and detaches cleanly. It’s one of the features that even the most die-hard opponents of Macs tend to grudgingly admit is a good idea. And yet that (very) shiny new MacBook aimed at the largest slice of the MacBook Air market doesn’t have it. Is this a one-off move for a single model, or will we see USB C power replacing MagSafe across the entire MacBook range … ?  I argued before that there’s no risk of Apple heading down the single-port route in the MacBook Pro–at least, not for some years yet. We’re going to have multiple ports, the question is: which ones? Getting at least one USB C port on the next-generation MacBook Pro is a no-brainer. It’s the latest, greatest standard. It’s incredibly flexible. And Apple has already backed the standard by putting it in the new MacBook. The next question, then, is how many? The most radical approach would be for Apple to drop Thunderbolt, USB 3 and HDMI and simply replace them all with two or three USB C ports. Update: Thunderbolt can now be integrated with the USB-C port. Less radical would be to retain one or more legacy ports while introducing a couple of USB C ports. Either way, it’s a certainly there will be at least one or two of them. Question three and perhaps most important: will one of them be used for power, replacing MagSafe? I think so, yes. In taking that step with the 12-inch MacBook, Apple has demonstrated a willingness to move on from MagSafe. The company has never been afraid to leave legacy technology behind: it was one of the first companies to drop optical drives, Steve Jobs famously refused to allow Flash on iPads (a technology the rest of the world is starting to drop only now) and it was one of the first to switch from spinning metal disks to SSD. Dropping MagSafe is a bigger deal, I know. It’s been a headline feature of MacBooks for almost a decade, and it’s a much-loved one. But Apple isn’t afraid to leave behind its own technology as well as technology borrowed from others. FireWire was developed by Apple, and was enormously popular with AV professionals, many of whom still use it today. But Apple decided that Thunderbolt was the new FireWire, and dropped it. In the new MacBook, Apple has decided that USB C is not just the new Thunderbolt (a standard that never took off in quite the way that either Apple or Intel had hoped), it’s also the new MagSafe. I think the decision is made: MagSafe is dead, long live USB C. I have to admit, that thought makes me sad. I’m a huge fan of MagSafe. As I wrote before: I love MagSafe. Not just because it has saved me from an expensive MacBook nose-dive on more than one occasion, but also because it’s so damn easy to use—none of the fiddling around with the power lead you get with lesser laptops. Just hold the connector somewhere near the right spot and it snaps into place. MacWorld did some very impressive number-crunching on just how big a deal MagSafe is compared to USB C. It’s the kind of in-depth look at the issue that really appeals to the geek in me, and I thoroughly recommend it if the physics of laptop disasters is your kind of thing. I’d hoped that Apple might introduce a MagSafe adapter for the USB C connector in the power supply, perhaps at the power brick end, but nope. MagSafe is gone. But MacWorld‘s physics calculations aside, how big a deal would the loss of MagSafe be in the real world? Our own Seth Weintraub made a specific point about the new MacBook: [tweet https://twitter.com/llsethj/status/575311204727582721] And perhaps the MacBook Air is not long for this world, set to be replaced by the new MacBook once Apple can produce a model at a price that caters for entry-level buyers. But a MacBook Pro without MagSafe could potentially get expensive if a single incident of tripping over a power cable sees it come crashing to the floor. There is, though, a counterargument to this: battery-life. Back in the days when a MacBook was good for 2-3 hours’ real-world battery-life, they spent a lot of their time plugged in while we were using them. These days, not so much. With 8-12 hours’ claimed life, and 5-6 hours of real-life use, I don’t even bother carrying my power brick when I’m out & about with my MacBook Air, and the same would be true if I were using the latest MacBook Pro instead of my 17-incher. At home, the pattern seen with many users is to leave it plugged in out of the way (where the power lead can be safely routed so no-one trips over it), then unplug it in order to use it. So really, the main time today’s MacBooks are actually being used while they are connected to power is while sat at our desk. And that’s another situation where we can route the power lead safely away from becoming a trip hazard. In which case, perhaps MagSafe is yesterday’s solution to yesterday’s problem? And dropping it from future MacBooks is not, despite the physics, that big a deal? As ever, take our poll and let us know your views in the comments. Top image: notebookcheck-ru.com Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide MacBook View THe Guide MacBook Air In 2008 Steve Jobs introduced the first ultra-thin, very lightweight MacBook Air by dramatically sliding it out of an inter-office envelope. The idea of a dramatically thin, lightweight, and fully functional laptop continues on. View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Kevin Miller - 2 years ago Reply I think you nailed it at the very end there. Apple’s intended primary use for the MacBook is completely unplugged, just like with the iPad or iPhone. Plug it in when you need to charge it back up, then go wireless again. If it were otherwise we’d be asking why iOS devices don’t use MagSafe. LikeLiked by 4 people andreasgrill - 2 years ago Reply This is probably true for the new Macbook, but I can’t see this the case of the MacBook Pros. You usually plug them in when you want to do some cpu intense work. The removal of the MagSafe would be a step backward here. LikeLiked by 4 people Filip Degryse - 2 years ago Reply Yes, like an iPad or iPhone, strolling away from MagSafe type connectors for chargers. That’s why they have this convenient, magnetic charger for the Apple Watch… LikeLiked by 2 people cjt3007 - 2 years ago Reply iOS Devices actually do use MagSafe with the Lightning connector – it’s held in magnetically (at least I believe they stated this when they originally unveiled the Lightning connector) LikeLike Joshua Fairchild (@Joshuafairchild) - 2 years ago No. They are held in with force from the gold pins inside the iPhone much like USB. LikeLike Rudy (@RudyChidiac) - 2 years ago Reply I believe magsafe was dropped from the new macbook because of limitation, the limitation of the device’s thinness and weight, the macbook is too light to even break the magsafe magnet. I don’t think the magsafe is going to be discontinued in the macbook pro anytime soon. LikeLiked by 2 people gshenaut - 2 years ago Reply Yes, I had the same thought. If my iPad had a MagSafe connector plugged into it and I tripped over the cable, the iPad would end up on the floor and the cable would probably still be plugged in. As MacBook* get lighter and lighter, the value of MagSafe diminishes considerably. LikeLiked by 1 person Jurgis Ŝalna - 2 years ago Reply That does not make any sense. MagSafe break-off weight is in the magnitude of tens of grams. LikeLiked by 2 people thomasskyg - 2 years ago Reply You know there’s more than one kind of magnet.. LikeLike chrisl84 - 2 years ago Reply Heres where I patent USB-C to magnet/magnet to charging cable for those who want my third party charging solution. LikeLiked by 1 person Georgi Simeonov (@xplode_team) - 2 years ago Reply MagSafe is safer for both connectors, charger and the laptop than USB-C. If you trip in the cable while charging it will most likely broke one of the 3 things while MagSafe will just detach. LikeLike Cmellon - 2 years ago Reply Great thoughts. I think MagSafe is an awesome feature but I agree maybe not needed anymore because of the batteries….although it is still nice even when unplugging from desk to just pull and go rather than fidgeting with unplugging. LikeLiked by 1 person Ben Lovejoy - 2 years ago Reply Yep, there is a convenience to that, it’s true LikeLike Travis Cook - 4 weeks ago Reply That’s what I love about it personally. When in a rush I can just rip my MBP away from the magsafe and it comes off cleanly, no fidgeting with aligning force vector tangent to the face of the port. Plus, I’ve gotten so used to just being able to hold the magsafe connector near the port and it snap into place, which is especially useful when the lights are off or it’s dark in the room. Maybe if the new USB-C power port was illuminated I’d be more okay with the transition, but I just love my magsafe connector too much to be fine with dropping it now. Won’t keep me from purchasing the new MBP (mine is an early 2011 with upgraded SSD and 16GB RAM, getting slower) but I’ll miss the magsafe. LikeLike Bruno Fernandes (@Linkb8) - 2 years ago Reply Question in a headline? WEAK sauce. Yes, it matters. New Macbook is pretty, but an entirely useless and overpriced POS. I hope they sell millions of them ever quarter. Go go AAPL. LikeLike Nuno Cristovao - 2 years ago Reply I don’t get it. Why can’t Apple incorporate a MagSafe type connection 3″ after the USB-C connection? So that the cable splits apart if tripped on? LikeLike Will Van Gelderen - 2 years ago Reply I think the biggest things here are the removal of MagSafe, which has saved me on countless occasions and Thunderbolt. Thunderbolt has also been a big selling feature for Apple and on top of that, what about all those Thunderbolt Apple Displays. USB Type C Macbooks can’t or at least for now be used with those displays since those have Magsafe power adapters, usb, networking etc. So will Apple sell another adapter. LikeLike Kevin Miller - 2 years ago Reply I really don’t think Thunderbolt has been a “big selling feature.” I’m surprised it got so much advertising in the first place, since most people simply don’t need that much throughput. It *is* surprising that there’s no option for a Thunderbolt display; the smart bet is that Apple will release a USB-C Retina display sometime soon, maybe alongside a USB-C MacBook Pro. (I don’t think MacBook Pro will lose MagSafe in the process, though.) LikeLike Will Van Gelderen - 2 years ago Thunderbolt may not be a huge selling feature on the Macbook line, but they sure make a bigger deal on the displays page and mac pro. I do have to give Apple credit for trying new things like Firewire and Thunderbolt, but just wish those had caught on more / less preparatory. I’ve got a few generations of Apple displays which ranged from DVI, mini display port to thunderbolt all in which only work with certain generations of Mac’s. LikeLiked by 1 person degraevesofie - 2 years ago I agree with Will. I think Apple has learned from the past when it comes to pushing minority tech for too long (e.g., FireWire). I suspect that they saw that adoption for Thunderbolt was not meeting their needs, and so they’ll probably switch horses. LikeLike Alexander Kowalczyk - 2 years ago Reply USB-C in the new MacBook supports Displayport. Just buy the adapter that incorporates power and mini-displayport (same size and shape as thunderbolt connection), and you’re in business to connect to a thunderbolt display. If you’re not happy buying an adapter, don’t buy the new MacBook. It’s as simple as that. However, most people would just leave the adapter with the Thunderbolt display anyways, which sits at their desk at work or home and would just plug in to the MacBook when “docked” at the desk. It’s not really an issue. LikeLike Stephen Eilert (@outworlder) - 2 years ago Nope. DisplayPort doesn’t work with a Thunderbolt display. While Thunderbolt carries a DisplayPort signal, it is not sufficient for the monitor. You really need a USB-C to Thunderbolt adapter. LikeLike Aske Hansen (@Askehansen) - 2 years ago Reply Heres an idea: What if the MagSafe mechanism was placed on the adapter? LikeLike Gazoo Bee - 2 years ago Reply The problem is that MagSafe is patented, proprietary Apple technology. They would have to donate it to the world if they attach it to USB C. LikeLike cjt3007 - 2 years ago They could always license it… but either way if they are ditching the tech why not “donate it to the world”? LikeLike degraevesofie - 2 years ago They don’t have to donate it if it’s not part of the standard. Maybe they will do something like that for the Pro models, but I think even for those tethered use in ad-hoc places is too rare to justify the complication/expense. LikeLike Gary Dauphin - 1 year ago What if the MagSafe was two inches down the USB C cable, basically a split point in the cable? LikeLike Trian Karayiannis (@TKarayiannis) - 2 years ago Reply I’m sure I’m not the first person to come up with the question, but… How feasible is it (interference-wise) to combine USB-C with magnetic alignment/attachment? I’d certainly love it if the newer USB connectors did not have to be physically inserted in a slot to function (i.e. they were kinda flush). That’d allow all kinds of portables to be even slimmer and more elegant. LikeLike Trian Karayiannis (@TKarayiannis) - 2 years ago Reply At least, allow the newly-introduced connector to have a magnetically-attached breakage point somewhere along the way, so as to retain the benefits of MagSafe… LikeLike chrisl84 - 2 years ago I would be shocked if Apple didnt create a magnet breakaway point but time will tell. LikeLiked by 1 person Leif Paul Ashley - 2 years ago Reply I agree that the macbook’s approach is disconnected mode, but personally, I see that magsafe as a very cool iconic feature of Apple. I’m sad to see it go… and hope the macbook pro doesn’t lose it. LikeLike Anita Alex - 2 years ago Reply I don’t understand why nobody is talking about the removal of the apple logo on the new macbook. Normally the logo used to be lit and it would make the macbook recognisable from a great distance. I know it is just a design issue but i believe a lot of people liked how the logo looked before. The new macbook just doesn’t stand out like the Air or the Pro. Maybe it’s just me but i felt the need to point out this issue. LikeLiked by 1 person Gazoo Bee - 2 years ago Reply Well, it would be impossible with this machine, so I think people aren’t talking about it because it simply can’ the done with this laptop. I’m thinking it might be time for the glowing Apple logo to be retired. When it was first used, it was considered a very “subtle” thing as opposed to the over-the-top branding, logos, and stickers on a Windows laptop. Today, on the other hand, it stands out as one of the more brash, “in your face” brandings there are. Maybe it’s time to get with the times and tone it down a bit anyway. One glowy logo in a classroom full of laptops looked cool. An entire classroom of laptops with the same glowy logo on the other hand, just looks gauche and crude. LikeLike Darrin (@DarSea2) - 2 years ago Reply I bet the MagSafe wasn’t exactly cheap to manufacture compared to a usb type-c cable (Gotta pay for that new office campus) LikeLike Jean-Raphaël Poulin - 2 years ago Reply magsafe was a good idea in 2006, when the battery used to last only half a day, now you plug your mac before sleep and it’s all right for the next day, glad it was removed for a more versatile port on such a small machine! LikeLike charilaosmulder - 2 years ago Reply My iPhone fell off a table so many times because of the lack of a magsafe connector. Reversible is great but then again mafsafe IS reversible. I hope Apple works with the universal standards to achive a magsafe like USB-C connector as the next standard, both for Macs and iOS devices. LikeLiked by 2 people Bryan Kennedy (@bdkennedy1002) - 2 years ago Reply So Apple chose to have your laptop flying off the table and onto the tile floor to save space. LikeLike Brian Cunningham (@b_cunning_am) - 2 years ago Reply Losing MagSafe was a bad decision. It will result in many tears! The “longer battery life” argument is absurd as this laptop has a shorter battery life than their other models. Plus, people forget to charge routinely so they will lose MagSafe protection. In my own case I keep laptops about 5 years (though a couple were destroyed by cable trips), and it ages the battery life falls off significantly. Apple should immediately fix this by putting MagSafe onto an accessory connector!. LikeLiked by 1 person Gazoo Bee - 2 years ago Reply 1) The new MacBook Air is definitely thick enough to have a Magsafe, but they chose to leave it out. 2) Magsafe is patented, proprietary Apple technology 3) USB C could easily handle PCI as well someday soon 4) Apple often contributes to standards. An obvious route therefore is for Apple to give up it’s exclusivity somewhere down the road and *donate* the Magsafe idea to a future USB C plug standard that also supports PCI. THAT plug would easily “rule them all” and bring back Magsafe at the same time. LikeLike cdm283813 - 2 years ago Reply Think about it. Apple could care less if you trip over your charging cord. They want you to drop your $1000 plus device. More money in Apple’s pockets. LikeLiked by 1 person mpias3785 - 2 years ago Reply Imagine a yanked cord damaging the sole socket on the new MacBook. From the looks of it it’ll require a motherboard replacement. Between lobotomizing the Mac Minis, the prevalence of soldered RAM, the lack of a single expansion slot anywhere in the product line and now a model that will generate more hub and dongle sales than any other computer in history, Apple is showing very clearly that it cares nothing for its customers and is in desperate need of new management. This obsession with minimalism is going to extend to users switching platforms. LikeLiked by 1 person airmanchairman - 2 years ago Reply Yah, they’ll switch platforms, and switch back in a heartbeat once they come to the realisation that, once again, Apple is way ahead of the curve in anticipating future trends and user needs that have not quite become apparent to them… yet. Wired is on its way out, for both connectivity and power transmission: the advances in inductive charging, Bluetooth LE, Wi-Fi, 5G Cellular, AirPlay, AirDrop, FaceTime Video etc are slowly ushering new connectivity methods for peripherals like monitors, storage and input devices. It’s early days yet, but the signs are there: the times, they are a-changing, as Robert Zimmerman would croon in that timeless country brogue of his… LikeLiked by 1 person mpias3785 - 2 years ago Apple has problems getting wireless syncing to work. I want ports and cables. LikeLike johnstj - 2 years ago Reply NO, The motherboard is in the middle rear of the laptop and it does not contact either the right or the left side. There must be a cable connect. You could damage the socket or the connection to the cable but not the motherboard itself. LikeLike mpias3785 - 2 years ago Well that’s good, but you’re still stuck without any power or I/O (other than wireless) until it’s fixed. LikeLike JT Ray (@TheRealJTRay) - 2 years ago Reply I have never owned a laptop from any maker that didn’t have the power point on the laptop break until I bought a Mac with a MagSafe. For Apple to abandon its MagSafe, which IMO is a top 5 feature of its laptops would make me rethink buying another from Apple in the future. With that said I think the new MacBook is an iPad with an attached keyboard. The people using this machine are likely going to need any thing other than it to be charged with the USB-C port. LikeLike rafterman11 - 2 years ago Reply Did we really need this new Macbook? I can’t say I ever heard even one person say “wow, the MacbookAir is just too thick and heavy, we need something even thinner and lighter, with fewer ports.” LikeLiked by 1 person r00fus1 - 2 years ago Reply Of course, before the iPhone no one would ever have said “I’ll give up my physical keyboard on the smartphone for more display”. Use one for a week and tell me you’ll go back to your MBPr 13″ or MB Air. I think the port issue is overblown – I use my MBPr 15″ all the time without anything physically attached to it – it lasts for 5+ hours on a battery even with memory/battery hogs like Eclipse running. Note: don’t use Chrome on OSX if you want battery life – for some reason it just spins the processor. LikeLiked by 1 person degraevesofie - 2 years ago Reply I haven’t wanted fewer ports, but shaving off a pound is awesome. When I switched from a MBP to my 13″ MBA (in 2010), I really appreciated the difference in my shoulder (about 1 1/2 lbs at the time, I believe), but my purse still could use some lightening. LikeLiked by 1 person jb510 - 2 years ago Reply I love magsafe because I plug and unplug it frequently and it’s quick, easy and reliable. Even with reversible usb-c it’s harder to get things plugged in and more prone to wear and tear. Usb-c is what USB 3 should have been from the start, but it still don’t feel it’s a replacement for thunderbolt. Put simply, how many 4k monitors can I connect to a MB12? Zero, maximum output is one 3840×2160. Even full USB 3.1 isn’t going to have the bandwidth for multiple monitors, let alone multiple monitors + other peripherals. Not to mention I have yet to find a reliable USB 3 hub, they all cause issues with HDDs, wireless keyboard dongles, etc… LikeLiked by 2 people mpias3785 - 2 years ago Reply Amen on reliable USB 3 hubs!! I’ve been looking for a reliable one for almost 3 years! LikeLike Das Dad (@VSzulc) - 2 years ago Reply Well actually you’ll only be able to connect the Retina MacBook to a HDMI display with a max resolution of 1920p. After you buy a 70$ USB3.1 to HDMI adapter. It’s utter BS and the reason is the meager 5GB throughout in the USB C port. (They recently renamed USB 3.0 and 3.1… The former USB 3.0 is now USB 3.1 gen.1 and the old 3.1 is now USB 3.1 gen 2. Guess which one the Retina MacBook comes with…) LikeLike Carlos Bott - 2 years ago Reply You lose a lot of processing power/ or battery time when not plugged in… LikeLiked by 1 person Steve Grenier - 2 years ago Reply As much as I love MagSafe, I think it’s gone too. Maybe the USB-C cable will pop out of a heavier laptop without much difficulty, hard to say right now. As for the MacBook Pro, I think it’s safe to safe the MagSafe is axed in the next revision and replaced with a USB-C port. My guesses would be, 2x USB-C, 2x Thunderbolt, 1x USB 3, 1x Headphone and 1x HDMI. LikeLike r00fus1 - 2 years ago Reply How would you know which USB-C port to plug into? Wouldn’t it be needlessly complex (internally) to have 2 such ports handling power management from either? If it only accepts power from one, it needs to be obvious to the user. I wonder how the Chromebook Pixel handles this as it has 2 USB-C ports ? LikeLike airmanchairman - 2 years ago Cleverly, the Pixel has a USB-C port on either side, useful for those situations when your power outlet is in an awkward place. LikeLiked by 2 people jrox16 - 2 years ago Reply There’s zero reason to believe what we see in one Apple device means it’ll become common to all. In fact, Apple has always maintained the position that each thing should have what it needs to work best for what it is – in other words, the new ultra portable MacBook is meant to be used unplugged because it’s, well, ultraportable. The MacBook Pro is a different machine for different use cases and maybe different people and will be used often plugged in. So MacBook doesn’t need Magsafe, MacBook Pro benefits from it. LikeLike Keshav Nehra (@KeshavNehra) - 2 years ago Reply In agreement with some of the other comments here, I also believe that Apple did not include MagSafe on the new MacBook due to the following reasons: 1) Space conservation – A MagSafe port would not be cross compatible with a USB-C/{Other connector} port. 2) All-day battery life – The MacBook is designed with portability in mind and doesn’t require constant charging either throughout the day or for more CPU-intensive tasks. You’re not going to be playing Crisis on this thing. 3) Cannot infer a corollary for the MacBook Pro – The MacBook Pro line has space for more ports and has the potential to burn power quicker as its use-case falls more so under intensity. And the MagSafe safety action wouldn’t pull the laptop off the table. I think it’s safe to assume that MagSafe will survive on the MacBook Pro lineup. LikeLiked by 1 person degraevesofie - 2 years ago Reply It’s been a while since my EE days, but I wonder if the magsafe “contact” is good enough for the kind of high-frequency signaling that goes on in USB 3.x? For DC power, there is little issue, but maybe there were technological considerations (signal reflection and the like?) that made a “soft contact” approach impractical at this time? LikeLike Brian Cunningham (@b_cunning_am) - 2 years ago Would think battery would serve as adequate buffer. Believe Apple made decision on no MagSafe and only a 480 res camera to improve profit margin. The former is big mistake IMO. LikeLiked by 1 person uniszuurmond - 2 years ago Reply Ben, I love your posts. Well thought out, all things considered. Here’s my wish: let’s push forward rather than pull forward. Drop all ports on all MacBooks, and leave only one USB C, BUT create a power brick or three with various ports on it. Since you now sell the power brick separately to the cable, this makes a lot of sense. And so you move people away fro legacy into the cloud without too much fuss. Now, if their mobile devices also used USB C, that could mean one cable and two power bricks – that would be awesome. Goodbye Lightning, hello industry standard? LikeLiked by 2 people Ben Lovejoy - 2 years ago Reply Thanks, Unis, I appreciate it. I was surprised to see no USB port on the power brick, seemed to me that was all the typical buyer of this machine would need and it would have been an easy and neat way to do it. LikeLiked by 1 person Jubei - 2 years ago Reply Well now that I think about it. I remembered how many times MagSafe has saved my MBP from flying across space and time. So no MagSafe, means no sale for now. LikeLiked by 1 person Briar Kit Esme - 2 years ago Reply Don’t get Seth’s “The new MacBook is so light that MagSafe would just pull it off the table when a cord was tripped on – so there was no point”. If the MB is too light, just reduce the strength of the magnets. Voilà. MagSafe will be replaced by inductive charging. LikeLiked by 3 people mpias3785 - 2 years ago Reply Inductive charging is less efficient and would require a nonmetallic window in the case. It will also add weight, thickness, complexity and cost to the computer. LikeLike degraevesofie - 2 years ago I think the weight/thickness argument is probably a nonproblem (the Apple Watch is thinner than the new MacBook). But yes, it’s quite inefficient and there is a _lot_ more power needed. LikeLiked by 1 person Hiram Walker - 2 years ago Reply I believe the MagSafe was dropped because they only wanted one connector and USB-C transports data so it needs a constant firm connection for data integrity. If you are just charging a battery a connection held in place by mere magnets is fine, even if vibration or movement makes the connection slightly intermittent. For fast data transfer a noise free joining is required. The real beauty of MagSafe is not the safety from cord tripping, but the way it plugs itself in when you just bring it close. Great in low light situations. I wish I could plug my iPhone 6 in as easily in the dark. I, for one, will miss it. LikeLiked by 3 people mpias3785 - 2 years ago Reply Think I saw a campaign on Kickstarter for a small accessory to add MagSafe-like capabilities to a lightning port. I don’t know what ever became of it. LikeLike strawbis - 2 years ago Reply My rMBP sits on the coffee table in the middle of my living room when not in use! the power cable trails across the floor to the wall socket when it’s charging! I’ve tripped over the cable in the dark on at least two occasions in the last 6 months, So losing MagSafe IS a big deal for me and those like me. Here’s hoping it’s because the ultra-portables are now so compact there’s an issue with space if fitting extra ports, and the heavy duty Macs with plenty of room for a few more connectors, will retain MagSafe! I mean… I don’t think you could even fit 1 extra USB-C port on the new MacBooks with the headphone socket located where it is. And I honestly think Thunderbolt will remain on future Pro’s for the same reason and also because I don’t think Apple has the temerity to abandon its core “Professional” user base so soon after selling Thunderbolt as the way to connect high-end monitors, servers, etc. LikeLiked by 2 people Leonardo Maracino - 2 years ago Reply You have no idea how many times my MacBook Air would have fallen if it wasn’t for magsafe. Now this choice sucks! LikeLike Leonardo Maracino - 2 years ago Reply The problem will be solved when Apple will implement the inducting charging in MacBooks too. Same goes for iPhone. LikeLike mpias3785 - 2 years ago Reply Inductive charging doesn’t work through metal cases, so if Apple goes in that direction say hello to plastic cases. LikeLike appleo - 2 years ago Well they could make a little part of the case in plastic. It doesn’t need to be all plastic, right? > LikeLike mpias3785 - 2 years ago The smaller the “window” the smaller the current available and the longer the charging time. Apple could always switch to a nonconductive material, glass, ceramic G10, or even a high tech plastic. Remember not all plastics are created equal – Glass filled nylon, (I have an 8 year old pocket knife wit that as a handle material and it is scratch-free, stiff as hell and still looks new), Kevlar and Glock pistols are made of plastic and there is always carbon fiber. Also realize that inductive coupling has some big disadvantages: If you pick up the phone for any reason it stops charging, external power sources like batteries, car chargers and solar cells become more complex, less efficient and more difficult to use and the inductive coupling circuitry used in the phone will add cost, complexity, thickness and weight. LikeLiked by 2 people Dylan Bystedt (@djbystedt) - 2 years ago Reply I don’t know why so many people are acting like Thunderbolt is dead. Thunderbolt 3.0 is ready for launch alongside Skylake chips from Intel later this year. It’ll be a smaller connector, 40gbps throughput and charge at 100W. LikeLike r00fus1 - 2 years ago Reply It’s dead, Jim. Unless Intel/Apple drastically reduce the costs of the cabling, the throughput will put it into the professional range, and outside even the prosumer pricing. A bit disappointed, really – I was hoping to see more interesting solutions, but now I’m banking on USB-C as a way to get a unified docking port for my future Macs. LikeLiked by 3 people mpias3785 - 2 years ago Not just the cabling but all the associated circuitry. LikeLiked by 1 person Das Dad (@VSzulc) - 2 years ago Well I certainly don’t hope you’re planning to get this model MacBook, because with USB-C as a unified docking port, you’ll be stuck with 5GB throughput and max out the display out at 1920p. Even the old Thunderbolt is twice as fast as the USB C they put in the MacBook, because Apple chose to use the slow version of USB 3.1. (The one that used to be called 3.0. The real 3.1 got renamed to 3.1 Gen 2.) LikeLike Ursu Dan - 2 years ago Reply Magsafe is very very alive. If anything, the Macbook has to prove itself, and its one true port, Magsafe already has. LikeLike sarasvvati - 2 years ago Reply A very nice point in the end. Yes, with that long-hours baterry life, using magsafe or not, is not really a problem for us. But still, for me magsafe is like a signature of apple. LikeLiked by 1 person Jason Tweed - 2 years ago Reply What’s next after USB-C? We’ve already seen near field communication and wireless charging. I think that this is a transition phase to truly cordless operation. I’m not very concerned about the death of this good technology because a future laptop will unlikely have any ports whatsoever. We will be able to charge, play media, connect data, listen and speak with our computers from the swimming pool. No ports means they could even be waterproof. I’m not talking 2030, likely before 2020, maybe 2017. LikeLiked by 2 people Nick Donnelly - 2 years ago Reply Magsafe, specially MagSafe 2 is AWFUL – constantly popping out – specially on my lap or in bed. The faster they kill it the better. LikeLike mpias3785 - 2 years ago Reply Let’s see… A discharged battery or a broken laptop? Tough choice.😉 LikeLiked by 1 person Mauro Dalu - 2 years ago Reply I just wanted to let you know that I started a petition to let Apple know that we love the MagSafe adapter, and would like it to be on our next MacBook. The petition can be found here: https://www.change.org/p/apple-don-t-give-up-on-magsafe-we-love-it-on-our-macbooks Thank you! LikeLike Pierre (@P_Aubisse) - 2 years ago Reply MagSafe has been saving my MBA & MB for years… LikeLike Abhilash Krishnan - 2 years ago Reply A simple USB-C to Magsafe device can help. If you agree make it happen by voting https://www.quirky.com/invent/1642952/action/vote/query/view=trending LikeLike Josh (@joshstwit) - 2 years ago Reply Personally I love the MagSafe I have a 3 year old and he has tripped over my charger a time or two. That could have been bad news for anything else. LikeLike Das Dad (@VSzulc) - 2 years ago Reply MagSafe is still relevant, despite 12 hour batterylife Ben… Sure, your MacBook may not need to be plugged into an outlet while you’re out (or at home) but it’s a good idea to keep it plugged in anyways. Why? Performance. Only when it is plugged in to a socket, does a MacBook ignore all the powersaving throttling-gimmickry, and let the CPU and GPU run as fast as they can. The Retina MacBook is going to take forever to charge though, I wish they put in a MagSafe port, just so it wouldn’t have to sip power through a USB port that maxes out at 5W… LikeLiked by 1 person cregox - 2 years ago Reply I think Jason Tweed and Das Dad said it all. But I still feel like writing more useless text for nobody to read!😛 I sure hope magsafe isn’t dropped. All you say makes sense, and maybe it is a need from the past, not so much more nowadays. But we still have RJ-45 on macbook pro and that’s something even the majority of pro users don’t need. And how hard would it really be to improve on magsafe to make it work for lighter bodies than just kill it? How hard is it to keep it there even in this macbook? Apple is moved by 3 things: profits, being bold and profit. If this new macbook sales don’t go as well as expected and they can narrow it down to magsafe issues, it will not be dead. And if they can make the technology work for light body, they sure will keeping doing it just for being bold, different and “ahead of time”. There’s also the possibility they’re developing some wireless charging behind the curtains, which would make all points in favor of magsafe completely null. As Jason said, we are moving away from ports needs indeed, but battery and energy technology is still a bit far from being full wireless. At least for longer than a few hours, as they need to be. I do agree USB E will probably be some kind of bluetooth. LikeLike Richard James Spahl - 1 year ago Reply the MAgSafe connector on my MacBook Pro has saved and continues to save it from being yanked to the floor AND SEVERELY DAMAGED on a DAILHY BASIS! HUGE mistake to get rid of it!!!!!! LikeLike lester agnelo pachec (@lesteragnelo) - 1 year ago Reply If apple wanted they could have reduced the size of the mag safe or find a way to make it lighter. Magsafe is one of the reasons i have a macbook. Magsafe has saved my laptop from dropping so many times. Looks like apple just wants to move on now so will i. LikeLike Ellie Thomas - 1 year ago Reply I have a macbook pro retina and it’s never given me more than 2 or 3 hours max of battery life unplugged and I don’t do very cpu heavy tasks (though I do have multiple tabs open at any given time). I’m also disabled so mostly use my LAP top which is obviously essentially what a ‘macbook’ is, on my lap, or small table by an armchair/wheelchair, therefor my cable trails all over the place. I also have a dog, 4 cats and children, if I didn’t have a MagSafe my days of using macbooks would be over, as I could never afford the repairs/replacements that would have occurred during my time of use if it were not for the the quick disconnect the horribly fragile, easily fraying crappy cabled but wonderfully practical MagSafe has provided me with over the years. LikeLike Kent-Ruben Johansen - 1 year ago Reply Is there any possibility that Apple are making steps towards inductive charging for their laptop range? LikeLike HeadLantern (@HeadLantern) - 1 year ago Reply I’m glad magsafe is going away. I hated missing the opportunity to buy new power cord accessories and replacing computers each time they *would* have dropped. I think shareholder value should also be more respected. After all, you socialists wouldn’t have your “look at me, i’m better than you” apple computers if it wasn’t for shareholders. Hippies can’t make their own products happen. LikeLike Stan Lyman - 1 year ago Reply Apple changes their adapter connections every three to four years to gauge their customers. $79.00 for an adapter is ridiculous. Now you will have to have an adapter for every type of device that you want to connect to. That will mean at least 5 adapters or a usb c hub. Isn’t this defeating the point of a compact system. Now you will have to carry these unsightly bulky adapters every where you go. The Apple dongles are already the punchline of every corporate joke. We invested a lot of money in the the Thunderbolt drives, monitors and adapters. We are not happy that our 10 GB transfers are now instantly limited to 5 GB because of USB C transfer speeds. Mac users already pay premium prices. Now they are going to force Mac users to spend about $400 more on adapters, that we have to lug around. The only winner here is Mac, until people switch to windows 10. Mac doesn’t learn! Stunts like this make people switch platforms. 1998 Deja Vu. LikeLike David Jeske - 1 year ago Reply MagSafe2 and Thunderbolt are not going anywhere soon, they are both just too big to fit on the ultra-slim profile of the new MacBook. USB-C isn’t enough bandwidth to run a high-resolution display at 60hz. The apple USB-C A/V adaptor can only drive a UHD display at 30hz, yuck. (Thunderbolt is 10Gb/s, and TB2 is 20Gb/s. USB-C is 5Gb/s, hopefully moving to 10Gb/s in the future.) MagSafe2 is less certain. USB-C can deliver 100w of power, and today’s MagSafe2 adaptors are 85w, so they could be replaced. However, MagSafe2 is just much nicer. In a world where space isn’t such a premium, I find it hard to believe Apple will drop MagSafe2 for USB-C on something like the MacBook Pro. LikeLiked by 1 person Cameron Granger - 1 year ago Reply I hope not. This MagSafe has saved my $3000+ Late-2013 MacBook Pro Retina so many times it’s crazy. LikeLiked by 1 person Don Marcos Eliziario - 5 months ago Reply Problem is, batteries have a limited number of charging cycles. As most of the time I am on a desk, I prefer to work always plugged, as I am already plugged to a larger display, so I can also make my battery last longer. Let’s not forget that there’s a definite environmental impact from battery replacement, and thus we should try to minimize battery replacement. LikeLike geekster01 - 5 months ago Reply Magsafe has been one of the primary features why I consider getting an apple laptop. I use it everyday and it amazes me every time I snap that thing together. It’s effortless! You don’t need to put extra effort to ensure the port fits into the right spot, it just does it all by itself. It is a feature that works great and should be kept; I always go by “don’t break what’s not broken”. I would be very sad to see this feature go if they decide to remove it in future iterations of macbook pro/air line. In fact, for those who are concerned about the new Macbook being too thin to have much effect, I think Apple can consider using a weaker magnet to achieve the same effect. Perhaps, modifying USB-C connector to have the magnet capability would make it much more attractive. As I’ve fallen deeper in love with my 2014 Macbook Air each day, I think I will most likely get a new Macbook Air for its replacement when the time comes. And if it’s the only laptop that still has a magsafe connector, it’ll definitely be the reason I’d choose that over the new Macbook. On a side note, the macbook air right now is perfect for what it does. I could care less about it getting thinner or that it has butterfly switches. All it really needs is a retina display and a more compelling battery to support that 12 hour battery life on the retina display and you’ve got me lining up for the next Air. LikeLike Daniel Farmer - 3 months ago Reply Just today I tripped over the power cable to my Macbook and it safely detached from where it was perched. Might have ended up on the floor if not for MagSafe. The two technologies are apples and oranges in my eyes. Afaik USB-3 is designed to deliver data and power, MagSafe is a technology that is used to deliver power while also providing an intelligent solution for connection ports wearing out. Plugging something in and out wears it out. Apple has shown by way of its IPad, IPhone connectors that it is not immune to this…. though I have not personally seen USB3 in action or measured its durability and would be interested in the reports. I’ve said goodbye to a few laptops ( and one iPod ) because of worn out a/c power connectors. Its one of the reasons I would put so much cash into a device, I don’t want that device to have weak points. I’ll be looking for the current lineup of Macbook Pro and I will never buy a new one if it doesn’t have Magsafe. LikeLike gshenaut - 3 months ago Reply It seems to me that a good solution to this problem has to do with the power cable, not the power connector. If the device is being charged through a USB-C connector, then that connector is probably not going to be used for anything else. So, there’s no reason I can see why USB-C cable that integrates a magsafe-style safety release such as the Griffin BreakSafe wouldn’t retain the safety attributes of the current magsafe connector, while also allowing the same connector to be used for other purposes when the device is not plugged into power. Hopefully, Apple will move in this direction. In a sense, putting the safety release in the cable rather than the connector is a better idea anyway. LikeLike Cold Spring - 2 weeks ago Reply No value in magsafe. I use macbook and thinkpad everyday. Magsafe is just pure annoyance, falling off at slightest disturbance. It’s sheer pain to keep putting it back on the macbook, where as thinkpad with old fashioned round plug is just insert and forget. In the 20+ years I have used laptop for work, I have never tripped over a power cord that made laptop go crashing to the floor, and it’s good riddance to the magsafe, a useless feature! LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Australian regulator calls for more competition in banking BI Intelligence Nov. 1, 2016, 4:34 PM 630 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Fintech Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Rod Sims, chairman of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC), has said that legislative changes might be needed in order for the agency to effectively regulate the acquisition of fintechs by incumbent banks, according to the Australian Financial Review.  Australian regulators are increasingly concerned about competition in the domestic market. In a speech last week, Sims said that Australia's banking market was too concentrated due to a high rate of mergers and acquisitions between Australia's "big four" banks and new market entrants. Such deals are considered on a case-by-case basis, which means that wider patterns of behavior, such as serial acquisitions, can remain unchallenged and the longer-term implications of seemingly small deals can be missed. As a result, Sims suggested that the ACCC should be able to issue wider rules regarding such deals. He acknowledged that many startups would be unhappy with the comments, as acquisition allows them to bring their ideas to market more quickly, but stressed that Australia's market concentration needs fixing.  It is likely that behind the ACCC's proposal are factors unique to the country's financial services market. As yet, we haven't seen any signs that European or US regulators have similar concerns regarding deals between incumbents and fintechs. That's likely because Australia still has very few challenger banks and fintechs relative to other countries, and they may be more in need of protection. In part, that's the result of the domination of the market by such a small number of incumbents, and their collective influence. We have already seen signs of their significant hostility to competition in their ongoing feud with Apple. Three of Australia's four largest banks — Commonwealth Bank, National Australia Bank, and Westpac — are trying to force Apple to let them build their own apps with Apple Pay technology so that their customers can use branded wallets rather than Apple's own solution. This sort of aggression toward fintech solutions is practically unheard of elsewhere.   We’ve entered the most profound era of change for financial services companies since the 1970s brought us index mutual funds, discount brokers and ATMs. No firm is immune from the coming disruption and every company must have a strategy to harness the powerful advantages of the new fintech revolution. The battle already underway will create surprising winners and stunned losers among some of the most powerful names in the financial world: The most contentious conflicts (and partnerships) will be between startups that are completely reengineering decades-old practices, traditional power players who are furiously trying to adapt with their own innovations, and total disruption of established technology & processes: Traditional Retail Banks vs. Online-Only Banks: Traditional retail banks provide a valuable service, but online-only banks can offer many of the same services with higher rates and lower fees  Traditional Lenders vs. Peer-to-Peer Marketplaces: P2P lending marketplaces are growing much faster than traditional lenders—only time will tell if the banks strategy of creating their own small loan networks will be successful  Traditional Asset Managers vs. Robo-Advisors: Robo-advisors like Betterment offer lower fees, lower minimums and solid returns to investors, but the much larger traditional asset managers are creating their own robo-products while providing the kind of handholding that high net worth clients are willing to pay handsomely for. As you can see, this very fluid environment is creating winners and losers before your eyes…and it’s also creating the potential for new cost savings or growth opportunities for both you and your company. After months of researching and reporting this important trend, Evan Bakker, research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has put together an essential report on the fintech ecosystem that explains the new landscape, identifies the ripest areas for disruption, and highlights the some of the most exciting new companies. These new players have the potential to become the next Visa, Paypal or Charles Schwab because they have the potential to transform important areas of the financial services industry like: Retail banking  Lending and Financing  Payments and Transfers  Wealth and Asset Management  Markets and Exchanges  Insurance  Blockchain Transactions  If you work in any of these sectors, it’s important for you to understand how the fintech revolution will change your business and possibly even your career. And if you’re employed in any part of the digital economy, you’ll want to know how you can exploit these new technologies to make your employer more efficient, flexible and profitable. BI Intelligence Among the big picture insights you'll get from The Fintech Ecosystem Report: Measuring the effects of technology on the entire financial services industry: Why financial technology is so disruptive to financial services—it will soon change the nature of almost every financial activity, from banking to payments to wealth management. The basic conflict will be between old firms and new—startups are re-imagining financial services processes from top to bottom, while incumbent financial services firms are trying to keep up with new products of their own. Both sides face serious obstacles—traditional banks and financial services firms are investing heavily in innovation, but leveraging their investments is difficult with so much invested in legacy systems and profit centers. Meanwhile, startups are struggling to navigate a rapidly-changing regulatory landscape and must scale up quickly with limited resources. The blockchain is a wild card that could completely overhaul financial services. Both major banks and startups around the world are exploring the technology behind the blockchain, which stores and records Bitcoin transactions. This technology could lower the cost of many financial activities to near-zero and could wipe away many traditional banking activities completely. This exclusive report also: Explains the main growth drivers of the exploding fintech ecosystem. Frames the challenges and opportunities faced by incumbents and startups. Breaks down global and regional fintech investments, including which regions are the most significant and which are poised for the highest growth. Reveals which two financial services are garnering the most investment, and are therefore likely to be transformed first and fastest by fintech Explains why blockchain technology is critically important to banks and startups, and assesses which players stand to gain the most from it. Explores the financial sectors facing disruption and breaks them down in terms of investments, vulnerabilities and growth opportunities. And much more. The Fintech Ecosystem Report: Measuring the effects of technology on the entire financial services industry is how you get the full story on the fintech revolution. To get your copy of this invaluable guide to the fintech revolution, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the fast-moving world of financial technology. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 5 Top Fintech Predictions by the BI Intelligence Research Team. Get the Report Now » Follow Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Fintech Banking Austrailia facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Australian regulator calls for more competition in banking Australian regulator calls for more competition in banking This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple enters correction territory as stocks slide Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 4:37 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Apple leads Nasdaq lower</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Morgan Brennan reports on the dip in Apple stocks dragging on the general markets.</p> Apple leads Nasdaq lower    Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 3:07 PM ET | 01:02 Shares of Apple fell nearly 2 percent on Tuesday, dipping into correction territory as the broader markets slumped. Falling as low as $110.53 a share, Apple was, at one point, down more than 10 percent from its last 52-week high of $123.82 on Nov. 4, 2015. A 10 percent downward move from the last 52-week high is known as a "correction." Shares closed 1.8 percent lower at $111.47. Toru Hanai | Reuters Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook The Dow Jones industrial average briefly fell about 200 points on Tuesday, breaking below 18,000, as the U.S. presidential election and Federal Reserve meeting loomed. Apple fell alongside the market, contributing the most losses to the Dow and seeing the biggest point impact in the Nasdaq 100 on Tuesday afternoon. The tech giant is the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, and thus has a major presence in the major U.S. stock indexes. While rival tech giants Facebook, Google, Amazon and Microsoft hit all-time intraday highs in October, Apple hasn't hit one since April 28, 2015. Apple's shares have fallen almost 6 percent over the past week, after the company reported the third straight quarter of year-over-year revenue declines. The iPhone maker also revealed new MacBook Pro computers last week. The new wares have yet to hit the market, but are already drawing skeptical comparisons to rival Microsoft. Analyst Steve Milunovich of UBS estimated on Tuesday that while many U.S. consumers still aspired to own Apple's best-selling product, a smaller share of customers were sticking with the brand, especially in China. Apple's overall retention rate fell to 75 percent in September, Milunovich wrote, compared to 81 percent last March and 82 percent last September. "Apple is now only five points above Android's retention rate, an important level as it determines net switchers to iOS," Milunovich wrote. — CNBC's Fred Imbert and Gina Francolla contributed to this report Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Trending Now #BloggerDatingAbby #RyanReynolds #KimKBellyDancer The Style Trends Owning The Red Carpet Sign In Subscribe Us Weekly Magazine Home News Videos Stylish Moms Entertainment Pets More Home Videos Moms Entertainment Pets Body Met Gala Celebrity Directory Newsletter Photos Watch With Us Polls Country Oscars Emmys Red Carpet Daily Mom Approved Royal Family Golden Globes Grammys SAG Awards Olympics Hollywood Moms Hot Pics Subscribe Life Hacks VMAs #BloggerDatingAbby #RyanReynolds #KimKBellyDancer Editor's Picks Christian Mom Blogger Dating Soccer Star Abby Wambach Ryan Reynolds: I Knew Blake Lively Was the One 'After the Sex’ These Memes of Obama and Biden Are Ruling the Internet Kim K. Dresses as a Belly Dancer — See Her Abs! Kourtney K. Sizzles in Tiny Bikini in Cabo With Scott Disick: Pics Woman Becomes Pregnant Twice, Within 10 Days! Mom Bans Family From Living Room Until After Thanksgiving Adam Levine Shares Adorable Family Pic With Behati, Baby Dusty Rose Tech Apple’s New Peach Emoji Doesn’t Look Like a Butt Anymore and the Internet Is Mourning November 1, 2016 @ 4:02 PM  By  Megan French How will people caption their butt selfies now? Apple has released the latest iOs 10.2 software update for iPhones, and it includes a slew of new and redrawn emojis. Some of the changes have upset the Internet — particularly the new peach-butt emoji, which now simply looks like a fruit. You May Also Like President Obama Urges Trump to Reach Out to Women, Minorities Joe Simpson Diagnosed With Prostate Cancer Christian Mom Blogger Dating Soccer Star Abby Wambach PHOTOS: Stars — They're Just Like Us! Apple made the whole emoji keyboard appear a little more realistic, and that combined with the modified angle means the peach emoji will no longer look like a bubble butt. Apple users took to social media to grieve over the emoji and lament that texting, Instagram captions and more will never be the same. “Apple’s killing the peach emoji. They’re truly soulless,” one tweeter wrote, while another added, “Nothing has rained on my parade this week like learning the peach emoji will be changed to not look like an ass anymore.” PHOTOS: Emily Ratajkowski’s Most Booty-Tastic Belfies Some mourned for future generations who will never know what the peach butt looked like. A tweeter pointed out, “The peach emoji is going to be a butt forever anyways, and in twenty years there will be a whole generation that doesn’t know why, it just is.” Meanwhile, others tried to show that the peach is still bootylicious. “The new peach emoji still is a butt just rounder and from a different angle,” one user reassured distressed tweeters. PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian's Best Booty Moments! On the bright side, while your iPhone may not have the perfect peach butt, it will now have an avocado, a facepalm, a rock star, a gorilla and more in the updated emoji keyboard. See more Twitter reactions to the lost emoji below:  I'm still using the new peach emoji as a butt. You can't hold me down, @apple. 🍑— Steve Delfino (@SteveDelfino) November 1, 2016 omg no. they are killing the butt shaped peach emoji how are we going to text about booties— Genevievil @ MTL (@gankstrr) November 1, 2016 RIP TO THE PEACH EMOJI, THE ONLY WAY I KNEW WHAT A BUTT LOOKS LIKE— whosmansji (@sexualjumanji) November 1, 2016 they’re changing the peach emoji?!?!?!? pic.twitter.com/iEbUJTGZec— turkey giblets (@rillawafers) November 1, 2016 The peach emoji will be redrawn to look less like a butt, while the eggplant still insists it would "tap that." pic.twitter.com/44C0f9OAu4— Benjamin Siemon (@BenjaminJS) November 1, 2016 I got very worried when I heard the news but the new peach emoji still looks like a butt so we're all gonna be ok— Noah (@noahsolo) November 1, 2016 Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox! Add a Comment Sign Up for the Us Weekly Newsletter! Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. You will receive the latest news and updates on your favorite celebrities! Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift © Us Weekly 2016 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us FAQ Sitemap Don't have an Us Weekly account? Sign up here. Sign In Want to be an Us Insider? Sign up for exclusive news about your favorite celebrities and more. Already a member? Click here. Login With Facebook! Login With Google+! - or - Create An Account Here! Register
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Election 2016  Shop; Our Sites  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel; Music Music Apple Reportedly Considering Price Cut for Apple Music Share Tweet Apple Reportedly Considering Price Cut for Apple Music By Jessie Morris Follow Jessie on Twitter and Instagram. Nov 01, 2016 Share Tweet 0 Image via iTunes If you're not an Apple Music subscriber yet, now may be the time to make the move. According to Digital Music News, Apple could cut prices down by 20 percent, making the price for a single Apple Music subscription $7.99 per month compared to its current cost of $9.99 per month. The family package would also go down from $14.99 per month to a monthly cost of $12.99. The $4.99 cost for students would stay the same. The report suggests that the price could could be part of a holiday promotion, but it's unclear if these decreased prices would continue after the holiday season. Related Spotify Is Growing Faster Than Apple Music Spotify Is Reportedly in Talks to Buy SoundCloud Jimmy Iovine Denies That Apple Music is Buying Tidal The other side of this is that Apple would reportedly have to directly pay the price difference to the major recording labels Warner Music Group, Universal Music Group, and Sony Music Entertainment. The discount is seemingly an attempt to make Apple Music more competitive with other streaming services like Spotify and Amazon Music. Amazon recently announced its new Music Unlimited Service for $7.99 per month for Prime users and $3.99 for users with an Amazon Echo device. Meanwhile, Spotify is a free service that does not require payment to sign up. However, Spotify offers a single party, family plan, and student plan for their Premium service that allows their users to listen to everything ad-free. Back in September, Spotify's paid subscribers reached 40 million, up 10 million from their reported 30 million milestone last March. The company's 33% growth in just under six months signified a significant lead on Apple Music's last reported 17 million subscribers. Of course, Spotify has been around longer, launching back in 2008, while Apple Music only just launched in June 2015. WatchNow Tags: News, apple-music  Like  Follow  Chat SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Enter Show Comments 0 NowTrending Lateststories Watch Young Thug's Music Video for "Webbie" f/ Duke BY Joshua Espinoza 15 minutes ago Emeli Sandé Grabs Jay Electronica and Áine Zion for "Garden" Video BY Jessie Morris 3 hours ago Rae Sremmurd's "Black Beatles" Is Now the No. 1 Song in the Country BY Jessie Morris 5 hours ago Style Consequence Is Releasing a Tribe x Cons 20 Hat in Collaboration With Don C BY Edwin Ortiz 5 hours ago Premiere: Divine Council's Silk Money and Cyrax Battle Over Icytwat Production on "Council Sh*t" BY Angel Diaz 6 hours ago Premiere: Le'Veon Bell Shows Off His Rap Skills on 'Until the Post Interview' EP BY Jessie Morris 6 hours ago Taylor Swift's New Album Might Be a Mix of 'Hip-Hop and R&B Sounds' BY Jessie Morris 6 hours ago Gucci Mane and Pusha T Jump on Common's "Black America Again" BY Jessie Morris 7 hours ago Watch Tyler, the Creator and Earl Sweatshirt's EarlWolf Camp Flog Gnaw Performance BY Jessie Morris 8 hours ago Here's Tupac's Song-by-Song Commentary on His Debut, '2Pacalypse Now' BY Ross Scarano 8 hours ago NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Enter Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map Feeds MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 1 AAPL: 111.49 -2.05 Apple Pay now supported by over 20 additional banks and credit unions around the US Zac Hall - 2 weeks ago @apollozac Apple Pay View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple Pay is now available from 23 more banks and credit unions around the United States. Apple’s mobile payment service launched two years ago with hundreds of additional regional banks and credit unions added every few weeks. You can find the latest banks added below: 3Rivers Atlantic Stewardship Bank Bank of Franklin County Bank of Southern California Bristol County Savings Bank Center National Bank Century Bank Chadwick Federal Credit Union Citizens Independent Bank City & County Credit Union Community National Bank Seneca CPM Federal Credit Union Elmira Savings Bank First Community Bank (VA, WV, NC, TN) First Keystone Community Bank First National Bank of Texas Fort Hood National Bank Freedom of Maryland Federal Credit Union Hoosier Heartland State Bank Monroe Federal Savings and Loan North Dallas Bank & Trust SC State Federal Credit Union Southside Bank As for new businesses, I recently wrote about the opportunities to expand support in the United States at many retail categories based on reader feedback. Jennifer Bailey, the head of Apple Pay, is set to speak next month at Recode’s Code Commerce conference where we should hear more on that front as well. And Apple’s new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is the first Mac to include Touch ID and support Apple Pay without a nearby Apple Watch. Since launching in the United States, Apple Pay has expanded to Canada, France, Russia, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Australia, Mainland China, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Singapore, and most recently Japan. Apple Pay lets you make purchases in supported stores using your iPhone or Apple Watch. Apple Pay can also be used to make purchases in supported apps on iPhone and iPad. Here’s how to setup Apple Pay if your bank is supported (full list): On the iPhone, just head to the Wallet app on iOS 9 or later and tap the plus (+) icon in the top right corner to begin, then follow the prompts. To add a debit card to the Apple Watch, go to the Apple Watch app on iPhone and look for the Wallet & Apple Pay section, then Add Credit or Debit Card section. iPads with Touch ID can use Apple Pay in apps; go to Settings then Wallet & Apple Pay to add your card there. If you’re looking for places to test out Apple Pay, Exxon Mobile added support for buying gas with Apple Pay through its SpeedPass+ app earlier this year. Stores like the Apple Store, Best Buy, Whole Foods, and Walgreens all accept Apple Pay as payment at checkout, and McDonalds, Subway, Starbucks and many restaurants through OpenTable accept Apple Pay payments as well. Apple also has a list of official partners here, and anywhere with the contactless payment logo at checkout should accept Apple Pay. Some stubborn retailers like CVS are still resisting Apple Pay in favor of their own solution despite having upgraded terminals, and Walmart has rolled out its own alternative while avoiding NFC terminal expenses. Apple Pay works with the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 7, and iPhone 7 Plus; all Apple Watches; iPad mini 4, iPad Air 2, and both iPad Pro models. Macs can also now use Apple Pay with macOS Sierra. Guides Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (Hint: they run Microsoft Windows) and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/11/top-5-best-alternatives-macbook-pro-laptop-hint-run-microsoft-windows.html. Captcha Submit CLOSE Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Tech & Silicon Valley Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (Hint: they run Microsoft Windows) By Clinton Stark - 11.01.2016 If you’re in the market to upgrade your laptop these are the most interesting of times. Apple is doubling down on its premium approach. New MacBook Pros start at $1,499 (USD) and go up rapidly from there, with the entry 15-inch Pro model starting at a not insignificant $2,499. Gulp. Meanwhile, Windows-based laptops are going for a song. Many are priced less than $1,000 and, yet, don’t compromise much on power, graphics or overall usability. A lot of that had to do with Windows 10. Microsoft’s latest OS finally has the stability we always wanted, and, even better, is equally at home on a touch-based tablet, or a power-monger desktop, or, as we’re looking at today, a lean and nimble laptop. After reviewing Apple’s latest offering of MacBook Pro laptops, I did something I would never have thought possible just a few years ago: I started to consider a Windows-based machine to replace my 2012 MacBook Air. Blasphemy! I know, but I’m guessing many of you are in the same boat. Why pay thousands for an Apple logo, when you could spend far less for a laptop that is on par in basically every other way, and even better in some (touch)? So I’ve been exhaustively researching the market, testing various Windows laptops. Drawing up short-lists. Here’s 5 laptops that I consider to be worthy MacBook Pro alternatives. Some are value-based choices. While others are focused more on performance. Whether you prefer Windows or MacOS is up to you of course. Each has their merits, and both are mature, refined operating systems. But I humbly suggest this may be the time to at least take a peak at non-Apple laptop choices. You may be surprised at the quality on offer. With that, here’s the top 5 best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop. Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (in no particular order) Asus ZenBook Flip 13.3-inch Touchscreen Laptop Price: $749 (USD) Strengths: portability, lots of ports, long battery life, 360-degree rotating screen works well with touch-based Windows 10 Perfect for: students, real estate professionals, those who often give presentations, creatives on the go, web browsing Watch out for: keyboard has no backlighting With the ZenBook Flip, Asus simply put, knocked it out of the park. Value-wise you’d be hard pressed to find a better 13.3″ Windows-based laptop. At under 3 pounds, you can easily slip this ultra slim laptop into a backback, or a slip cover, or just toss it into the backseat of a car. Better still, unlike Apple, Asus hasn’t skimped on ports. This is a dongle-free zone, thankfully. It’s all here: USB-C, USB 3.1, Micro HDMI, and SD card slot. Keyboard action is tactile, comfortable. As is the generously proportioned touchpad. Keep in mind the screen is “only” HD (1920×1080), but most, on this size of screen, will find it perfectly fine. The upside is decent performance (Intel Core M + Inten HD 515 Graphics), and exceptional battery life (8-10+ hours on average). Is the ZenBook Flip a gaming beast? No. But for those looking for mobile, low-cost productivity who spend most of their days in a web browser should find this laptop a sure-fire winner. Buy/research: Asus ZenBook Flip 13.3″ Touchscreen Latop (Intel Core M, 8GB RAM, 512GB SSD, Windows 10) $749 Dell XPS 13.3-inch QHD+ Touchscreen Laptop Price: $1,049 (USD) Strengths: mid-range power (Intel i5), super-sharp anti-glare LED display (3200×1800 pixels), backlit keyboard Perfect for: those who need to do light photo and video editing on the road, basic to mid-range gamers, office productivity users Watch out for: high resolution screen is beautiful, but it can limit battery life This is the not the Dell of yesterday. First up on the well-regarded Dell XPS 13.3-inch ultra portable: gorgeous design featuring a pretty silver anodized aluminum finish and high quality assembly. Next: a more than capable Intel i5 processor, backlit keyboard, QHD+ LED display (3200×1800) and a slim form factor coming in at only 2.78 pounds. All the ports you’d want are here to including a 3-in-1 card reader, mic/headphone, 2x USB 3.0 and 1 mini DisplayPort. Reviews are universally glowing for the XPS 13. For good reason, Dell gives you tremendous bang of the buck. Also, note that the display is finished with a rare, anti-glare coating. This makes it highly view-able outdoors, though less handy as a personal mirror. Buy/research: Dell XPS 13.3-Inch UltraSharp QHD+ Touchscreen 3200×1800 LED Anti-glare display Laptop (Intel Core i5-5200U 2.2GHz, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4, Mini DisplayPort, Windows 10 Home) $1,049 Acer Predator 17.3-inch Full HD Gaming Laptop Price: $1,499 (USD) Strengths: packed with power including top end Intel i7 processor and NVIDIA GPU, plenty of memory and storage, expansive and comfortable keyboard, huge 17-inch display Perfect for: advanced gamers, video and photo professionals, anyone who needs maximum power on-the-go (without breaking the bank) Watch out for: short battery life (no surprise given impressive specs), non-touch screen Now we’re talking power. The Acer Predator is a spec monster. Basically, this laptop is a desktop replacement. You can throw just about anything at this beast and it won’t miss a beast: advanced games, video editing, photo editing, VR applications, 3D modelling. You name it. A high end Intel i7 CPU and dedicated NVIDIA GTX 970M help, as do copious amounts of RAM (16B) and storage (1TB). All the usual ports are here, including Thunderbolt 3. Keyboard (with numeric keybpad) is backlit and the speakers have plenty of oomph (Dolby Audio) to please audiophiles, and gamers alike. Obvious downsides are limited battery life (about 5 hours), and an HD display. Still, it’s hard to argue, the Acer Predator delivers impressive performance for the price. Buy/research: Acer Predator 17 G9-791-735A 17.3-inch Full HD Gaming Notebook (Windows 10) $1,499 HP Notebook 15.6-Inch Laptop (i5-6200U Processor, 8GB RAM, 1TB HDD, Windows 10) Price: $459 (USD) Strengths: low price, comfortable keyboard, mid-range performance (Intel i5), large 15.6-inch anti-glare display Perfect for: those on a tight budget Watch out for: weight (4.73 pounds) and battery (7 hours) – those not too bad considering the low price Under $500 for a laptop with an Intel i5 processor? Impossible, right? Thanks to HP, you can in fact spend about $460 and get a solid laptop. It’s a little bulkier than, say, the Asus ZenBook Flip and Dell XPS 13 mentioned above, but you’re getting mid-range power at a bargain price. Do I love the design? Not particularly. This is a basic looking laptop. It has a keyboard, ports, a touchpad, and the screen folds down. Just like we’ve come to know and maybe love for the past few decades. But that price! And don’t forget you get the latest edition of Windows 10 (Home), plenty of storage (1TB), and a roomy keyboard. Aside from Chromebooks, this is certainly worth a look for those on a tight budget. Buy/research: HP Notebook 15.6-Inch Laptop ( i5-6200U Processor, 8GB DDR3L SDRAM, 1TB HDD, Windows 10) $459 Microsoft Surface Book Price: $1,248 (2015) with i5, 128GB, 8GB RAM or starting from $2,499 (2016) for i7 Performance Base Strengths: 2-in-1 laptop and tablet hybrid design, stylus and inking capability is top notch, innovative hinge enables multiple operating modes (clipboard, laptop, drawing), long battery life, all the ports that you won’t find on the new MacBook Pro, outstanding 13.5-inch touchscreen (3000×2000) Perfect for: creatives who want inking capability in a portable, all-day ready design; graphic designers; those who want the cutting edge in mobile technology Watch out for: pricey I’m sure you saw this coming. The big headlines in the laptop wars these days has been: Apple MacBook Pro vs. Microsoft Surface Book. While all the laptops above are capable, most aren’t quite up to the combination of power and packaging that Apple offers. Surface Book, however, can go toe to toe with Apple’s premium laptops, and, in some cases, exceed them. Case in point: that stylus and the ability to take full advantage of the built-in inking tech in Windows 10. It’s fantastic. If you take notes, like to doodle, or are a professional graphics designer or artist, you’re probably going to like what Microsoft has done here. OneNote, for example, is an exceptional, cloud-based note-taking application. And it’s free. You can hand-write (and have it converted to text), draw free form, type, organize notes and information, and then have it sync across all your mobile devices. Can you tell I’m a fan? I recently used OneNote for a Werner Herzog filmmaking class I took over the summer. It sold me, hook, line and sinker. On the downside: price. Surface Books are positioned comparable to MacBooks… i.e. expensive. Here’s an idea. You can still buy a more than capable i5-based Surface Book for about $1,250 or so. That’s not bad. If you have the means and want the cutting edge in mobile, then by all means spring for the new i7 Performance Base editions, starting at $2,499. Whether you like Apple and its Touch Bar or Microsoft and its all-touch philosophy is up to you. As far as MacBook Pro alternative go, the Surface Book is, in my estimation, as good as it gets. Buy/research: Microsoft Surface Book (128 GB, 8 GB RAM, Intel Core i5) $1,248 (note: this is the 2015 model, it’s worth a look given the heavy discount and that Microsoft has worked out the early software bugs) Conclusion: MacBook Pros are impressive, but there’s plenty of excellent Windows-based alternatives Yes, MacBook Pros are expensive. They’re also exceptionally engineered. Consequently they typically can last for years before needing an upgrade. I expect the same will hold true for this 2016 range. However, Microsoft has come a long way. Windows 10 is easy to use, refined, and more stable than ever before. Thanks to the company’s emphasis on touch, Windows-based mobile devices tend to be more flexible in their design, affording all sorts of possibility for artists and office users alike. Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop Asus ZenBook Flip 13.3-inch Touchscreen Laptop $749 Dell XPS 13.3-inch QHD+ Touchscreen Laptop $1,049 Acer Predator 17.3-inch Full HD Gaming Laptop $1,499 HP Notebook 15.6-Inch Laptop $459 Microsoft Surface Book $1,248 (2015), $2,499+ (2016) Apple seems to be hell bent on a “less is more” attitude. So with the new MacBook Pros they’re only giving us USB-C ports (flexible, but a pain in the dongle), a Touch Bar in lieu of a touchscreen, and a keyboard featuring very flat keys with minimal travel. All of those things might not be an issue in the long-term, but for me it’s making my quest to replace my aging 2012 MacBook Air not an easy one. For once I’m thinking Microsoft is beginning to pull ahead in the laptop wars. Explore. Create. Live. Follow Stark Insider on Twitter and Facebook. Join our 9,000 subscribers who read SI on tablets and smartphones on Google Newsstand. Prefer video? Subscribe to  Stark Insider on YouTube, the largest arts & travel channel in San Francisco. TAGS Apple Microsoft 0 0 Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (Hint: they run Microsoft Windows) and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/11/top-5-best-alternatives-macbook-pro-laptop-hint-run-microsoft-windows.html. Captcha Submit Previous articleThe real reason why Apple hyped Touch Bar Next article‘The Natives are Restless’ a stirring visit to Hawai’ian culture Clinton Stark Clint has produced videos for Stark Insider since 2006. Recent projects include short MORADO shot in the Baja, mini-doc with PENTATONIX in Napa, and art-doc WRONG'S WHAT I DO BEST at the San Francisco Art Institute. He regularly writes about Canon DSLR and filmmaking. His Broadway shorts, such as SHREK UNMASKED, have garnered acclaim. He's worked with DreamWorks, Disney on Ice, Cirque du Soleil, and "studied under" filmmaker Werner Herzog. Clint also writes about the San Francisco arts scene, Napa, Silicon Valley and gadgets. More about Clint: Bio | IMDB RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR The real reason why Apple hyped Touch Bar Laptop Dilemma: Surface Book or MacBook Pro? Apple prefers we touch a Touch Bar instead of a screen 5 reasons why the smartwatch market took a dramatic nosedive Google refreshes smartphone brand, launches “Pixel” phones starting from $649 Apple iPhone 7 on mission to kill the DSLR CULTURE TECH/SILICON VALLEY WANDERLUST INTERVIEWS VIDEO FEATURES About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Samples Policy & Shipping Address Google Cloud Platform v11.1 © 2006-2016 BLG Media
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Chinese supply chain suggests Apple’s AirPods will ship in January 2017 Chinese supply chain suggests Apple’s AirPods will ship in January 2017 November 1, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple initially announced the wireless AirPods alongside the iPhone 7 in September, noting that it would ship in October. However, a few days ago the company delayed the launch citing it needs extra time to finalize the product. Unfortunately, a new availability date was not given as part of Apple’s statement. Now, a report from Economic Daily News (via Digitimes) suggests that suppliers aren’t expecting the AirPods until January 2017. If accurate, this means Apple’s AirPods will be missing the crucial Christmas holiday season as the launch is slated for early 2017. It would also mean the earbuds will be delayed an additional three months since it was originally unveiled. Apple has yet to comment on the rumor. Neither Apple or the report mention why the AirPods are being delayed, which may worry some customers. It’s worth noting that Apple has sent some reviewers pre-production AirPod units. Tags: AirPods, W1 Chip About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Benchmarks show the 15-inch MacBook Pro has the fastest SSD performance on the market Apple adds an additional 20 banks and credit unions in the U.S. to Apple Pay → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US I'm sold on virtual reality Google Play Music update brings improved recommendations, new home screen, and more Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Android And Me LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price TmoNews T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple adds an additional 20 banks and credit unions in the U.S. to Apple Pay Apple adds an additional 20 banks and credit unions in the U.S. to Apple Pay November 1, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Today Apple has added an additional 23 more banks and credit unions in the U.S. to its Apple Pay platform. With the service launching a little over two years ago now, hundreds of banks and credit unions are being added every few weeks. The new list can be found below: 3Rivers Atlantic Stewardship Bank Bank of Franklin County Bank of Southern California Bristol County Savings Bank Center National Bank Century Bank Chadwick Federal Credit Union Citizens Independent Bank City & County Credit Union Community National Bank Seneca CPM Federal Credit Union Elmira Savings Bank First Community Bank (VA, WV, NC, TN) First Keystone Community Bank First National Bank of Texas Fort Hood National Bank Freedom of Maryland Federal Credit Union Hoosier Heartland State Bank Monroe Federal Savings and Loan North Dallas Bank & Trust SC State Federal Credit Union Southside Bank Apple Pay is supported on the iPhone 6 and above, and the most recent iPad Pros. It’s also supported via the Apple Watch on the iPhone 5 and above. With the most recent Apple event, Apple Pay is now available on the web with macOS Sierra directly via the Touch ID sensor on the new MacBook Pros, otherwise via your iPhone or Apple Watch for authentication. Tags: Apple Pay About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Chinese supply chain suggests Apple’s AirPods will ship in January 2017 Apple lowers storage upgrade prices on older Mac devices → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US I'm sold on virtual reality Google Play Music update brings improved recommendations, new home screen, and more Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Android And Me LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price TmoNews T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
null
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard New Atlas Laptops 13-inch MacBook Pro (2016) vs. Microsoft Surface Book Emily FerronNovember 2nd, 2016 26 pictures New Atlas compares the 13-inch MacBook Pros (2016) with the standard and Performance Base Microsoft Surface BooksView gallery - 26 images Apple and Microsoft announced their new-for-2016 laptops within a day of each other. Join New Atlas as we compare and contrast the 13-inch models of Apple's current MacBook Pros with the Microsoft Surface Books. Before we get started, keep in mind that there are two main variants of each laptop. The MacBook Pro has astandard non-Touch Bar model and a higher-end Touch Bar variety (more about the so-called "Touch Bar" below). The Microsoft Surface Book is available in the standard configuration that was released last year or the newly released top-shelf Performance Base edition. Size Both of this year's 13-inch MacBook Pros have the same dimensions, and are smaller and more compact than the Surfaces. The Surface's bending hinge creates a gap when the laptop is closed, giving it a tapered profile. The standard Surface Book is 13 millimeters at its thinnest point. The Performance Base model starts at 15 millimeters. They are both 22.8 millimeters thick at their widest point. Weight MacBook Pros are about 10-19 percent lighter than the Surface Books, depending on which model you're weighing. The standard Surface weighs 1.51 kg (3.33 lb); the Performance model weighs 1.65 kg (3.64 lb). Build Both makers stick to tried-and-true building materials they've used for years. Apple rocks an aluminum unibody and Microsoft opts for magnesium. Colors Both machines are available in silver. Apple adds a space gray option, which it nixed from this year's iPhones. Display size 13 inches goes a little further on the Surface than the Mac. While they only differ two-tenths of an inch across the diagonal, that accounts for a 6 percent bigger display area on the Surface. Display resolution The Surface Book has a pixel density advantage of about 16 percent. That could be useful when you're holding it in tablet mode or with the keyboard attached backwards, when it might be held closer to the face. Since you don't use the MacBook that way, its 227 PPI is plenty high – it looks terrific. Touch screen While Surface Book has a 10 point multi-touch sensitive screen, Apple reserves touchscreen displays for phones and tablets. Detachable tablet The Surface Book has a removable keyboard. You can use the touchscreen by itself as an enormous – but very light and thin – tablet. Trackpad type This year's MacBook Pros have enormous glass trackpads with Apple's Force Touch tech. The trackpad doesn't actually move, but instead provides haptic feedback that stands in for a clicking sensation. The Surface Books have a glass trackpad that physically moves and makes substantial clicking sounds. Its diving board-like mechanism makes it easier to press at the bottom than at the top. Stylus No touch screen means no stylus capability for MacBooks. Surface Books ship with the Surface Pen for use directly on the display. Touch Bar MacBooks may not have touch screens, but top-shelf models have Apple's new-this-year Touch Bar, a fingertip-operated strip on the keyboard which replaces the traditional Fn keys. Touch Bar's dynamic contents vary according to the app in use and user preferences. Note that there's still a cheaper Touch Bar-free model for those of us who aren't scrambling for the touchy-feely experience. Fingerprint sensor Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pros borrow heavily from smartphone technology: Touch ID fingerprint sensors are incorporated into the Touch Bar. There are no fingerprint sensors on the base model MacBook Pro or either of the Surface Books. Camera megapixels When it comes to the camera, it's Microsoft's turn to take a cue from mobile technology. The Surface Book has both a front and rear camera, just like any phone or tablet. MacBook Pros have a front webcam only. Facial recognition login That front-facing camera in the Surface Book lets you log in with your face alone. Processor Both MacBook Pros have an Intel Core i5 processor, but the high-end Touch Bar model squeezes a little more speed from it. The standard Surface Book also has the i5 inside, but the Performance Base model gets an Intel Core i7 chip. Microsoft has not released official clock speeds. There is also a made-to-order configuration for the new MacBook Pro with either a faster Core i5 or an i7, but you can't buy those in stores. RAM All MacBook Pros and the standard Surface Book models have 8 gigabytes of RAM. The Performance Base Surface has an additional 16 gigabyte option. There's also a configurable 16 GB made-to-order option for the MacBook. Storage You can cop a MacBook Pro with either 256 or 512 GB of solid-state storage. Custom 1 TB configurations are also available, but those need to be ordered directly from Apple. The Surface Book is available in four sizes ranging from 128 GB to 1 TB. However, the standard model is not available in the 1 TB size, and the Performance model is not available in the 128 GB size. Ports This year's MacBook Pros stick with Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, so chances are good that you'll need an adapter or two. There are two ports on the standard model and four on the Touch Bar version. Surface Books keep it simple with two full-size USB 3.0 ports on each. SD card reader Surface Books also have an SD card slot, which is good news for many DSLR shooters. Charging port Charging a MacBook Pro requires using a Thunderbolt charger in one of the aforementioned ports. Surfaces have a dedicated charging port, with a charger that snaps into place magnetically. Headphone jack Despite some murmurs to the contrary, the new MacBook Pros and Surface Books all have dedicated headphone jacks. Battery We are unsure of the exact specifications on battery life and size for these two machines, though the MacBook Pros do appear to have the shorter battery life. Apple's estimate is up to 10 hours of web use, with either 54.4W-h or 49.2W-h battery sizes. Microsoft has not published Surface Book battery size, but they give an upward limit of 12 hours of video playback for the standard model and 16 hours for the Performance version. Take note that these estimates are for usage with the keyboard connected. In tablet mode, where it loses the machine's main battery and relies on a smaller secondary one, battery life for the Surface Book drops to only a few hours. Software MacBook Pros are currently running Mac OS Sierra. Surface Books ship with Windows 10 Pro. Release The standard, non-Touch Bar MacBook Pro started shipping at the end of October. Touch Bar machines went up for pre-order at the same time, but are expected to ship in another 1-2 weeks. Microsoft launched the standard Microsoft Surface Book in October of last year. They introduced the Performance Base option last month. Starting price The base models of these two machines are competitively priced with one another, both starting at US$1,499. But move up to the top shelf, and the difference might shock you. Touch Bar-equipped 13-inch MacBook Pros start at $1,799, while the Performance Base Surface Book starts at a whopping $2,399. Though it's worth noting that the high-end Surfaces start with a Core i7, while a Core i7 MacBook Pro is only available as a made-to-order model. We're not sure if the perks like an SD card reader and occasional tablet usage are worth the expense. Still, these are two very different machines, so any number of factors could sway the final decision. Stay tuned for full-length reviews on the new MacBook Pros, or read up on the original Surface Book. Correction: An earlier version of this article listed the Surface Book with Performance Base having the "latest and greatest Core i7 chip," which misleadingly suggested a 7th-gen Kaby Lake. It has a 6th-gen Skylake i7. View gallery - 26 images New Atlas13-inch MacBook Pro (2016) vs. Microsoft Surface Book 1 / 26 Tags #Notebook #Laptop #Apple #comparison #Microsoft #MacBook Pro #Microsoft Surface #Product Comparison Share this article Show 7 comments Recomended for you Latest in Laptops 15-inch MacBook Pro: 2016 vs. 2015 13-inch MacBook Pro vs. 12-inch MacBook (2016) 13-inch MacBook Pro (2016) vs. MacBook Air 13-inch MacBook Pro (2016) vs. Microsoft Surface Book Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address unused Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
null
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter MacBooks that John Bumstead has saved from the trash. Image: John Bumstead The New MacBook Pros Mark the End of Upgradeable Apple Computers Written by Jason Koebler Staff Writer November 1, 2016 // 03:30 PM EST Copy This URL With the release of its new MacBook Pros, Apple has officially stopped selling the only one of its Macs that is user-upgradable, marking the beginning of a long-foreseen future in which its computers are disposable. Earlier this year, I argued that the 2012 non-retina MacBook Pro is the most flexible and ultimately had the potential to be the most powerful laptop Apple sells, because it used nonproprietary, upgradable RAM and the CD drive could be easily replaced with many types of solid state hard drives with minimal effort. The battery was also screwed down, rather than glued down, which made it easy to replace without hurting yourself or damaging the computer’s case. Last week’s refresh killed off that computer for good. The new MacBook Pros are a performance upgrade for a product line that had gone four years without a significant redesign, but the move to smaller, thinner, sleeker has sacrificed customizability, repairability, and upgradeability. The new MacBook Pro, like its earlier Retina designs, has a glued down battery and has RAM that is soldered into the computer’s logic board. Unless you’re an expert microsolderer, the specs of the computer you buy are the specs you’ll have until the end of its life. The new MacBook Pro logic board has soldered-on RAM (the red boxes) and a soldered-on Wi-Fi card (in the yellow box). Image: iFixit Two potential bright spots: iFixit’s teardown showed that the touchpad is easily removable, meaning you’ll probably be able to clean yours up with minimal difficulty if you spill beer on it. The SSD, too, is removable. The downside here is that both the touchpad and the SSD are proprietary, which means finding replacement ones will require going to the grey market—Apple does not sell replacement parts to the public or to independent repair shops for MacBooks or iPhones. Until it got stolen this summer, I used a 2010 MacBook Air without feeling a particular need to upgrade it, and I’m sure there are tons of you out there in the same boat. As a general rule, Apple’s computers last for a long time regardless of the specs it has. So to consumers, maybe upgradability doesn’t matter as much as it used to. "When paranoid recyclers ground the SSDs into dust, you end up with hundreds of beautiful laptops that are no longer viable computers" But there’s another side of the electronics market that we rarely think about, made possible precisely because Apple computers last a long time: The people who repair, refurbish, and resell computers. I spent last week at the Electronics Reuse Conference in Houston, and people who fix Apple computers know they will soon have to change their business models. Apple has little incentive to help these people and arguably has little obligation to build computers that can be repaired and resold on the secondary market. That said, a computer that can be salvaged from the scrap heap and used for several more years is many times more environmentally friendly than one that has to be shredded into a million tiny pieces because it has a bad stick of RAM or because you can’t buy an affordable replacement SSD. “There is no viable Chinese 3rd party replacement at a reasonable price, so when paranoid recyclers ground the SSDs into dust, you end up with hundreds of beautiful laptops that are no longer viable computers and can only be parted out,” John Bumstead, founder of MacBook refurbisher RDKL, Inc., told me. Bumstead specializes in repairing and reselling MacBooks and MacBook Pros from 2008, 2009, and 2010. He sells thousands of these computers every year (some of his stock is shown in the image at the top of this article). The old computer sitting in your closet is very much not trash to people looking for an entry-level laptop for their kids, or people with low incomes, or school groups, for example. Common problems Bumstead sees like fried sticks of RAM, computers without hard drives (because they were removed by recyclers), and bad Wi-Fi chips (also integrated on the newest MacBook Pro) are easily repairable on older MacBooks and MacBook Pros. On new ones, these problems are potential death sentences. Repair professionals are learning how to adapt, but the fact remains that the days in which the owner of a MacBook will be able to fix it are just about over. A small but growing subsection of repair professionals are learning how to use microscopes, voltage readers, and soldering irons to diagnose and fix problems on the logic board itself, but this is a much more time consuming and skilled task than, say, doing a traditional RAM swap. “Because I live in the past, I can see my future,” Bumstead said. “I am not looking forward to learning logic board repair, but I think it will be inevitable to have to learn it, because eventually it will be about the only part involved. Unless the screen is smashed, or the keyboard needs replacement, there just isn't much else.” Topics: apple, short circuit, MacBook Pro, Right to Repair, repair, e-waste, recycling, machines, Futures Contact the author by email or Twitter. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended Shazam Keeps Your Mac’s Microphone Always On, Even When You Turn It Off There's a New Operating System for the 39-Year-Old Apple II Computer Why Kickstarter Projects May Not Benefit From Live Video Pitches Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh Apple’s New Touch Bar May Present Usability Challenges For Blind Users This Parody of the New MacBook Pro Is a Little Too Real Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular What a Trump Presidency Means For Science After 20 Minutes of Listening, New Adobe Tool Can Make You Say Anything Vancouver Considers Abandoning Parts of the Coast Because of Climate Change How We Plan to Cover the Environment In a Trump Presidency The Canadian Military Is Investigating a Mysterious Noise In the Arctic Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Catalyst Announces World’s Most Waterproof Fully Functional Cases for iPhone 7, 7 Plus and 38mm & 42mm Apple Watch 2 Next generation designs set new industry benchmark for waterproof ratings while providing complete protection for the device Catalyst has developed a new line of waterproof cases that sets a new industry leading standard for total protection. — June Lai, Catalyst CEO HONG KONG, CHINA, November 1, 2016 /EINPresswire.com/ — Catalyst, the manufacturer of the world’s most protective, versatile and waterproof iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch cases and accessories, today announces newly designed, high-performance waterproof, drop proof cases for the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus as well as the 38mm and 42mm Apple Watch Series 2, available for pre-order today. Catalyst sets a new industry standard for protective, waterproof cases for the latest generation of Apple devices. Each case is tested waterproof to 33ft (10m) for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus cases and to 330ft (100m) for the Apple Watch Series 2 cases. This doubles the waterproof rating of current Catalyst cases. The newest cases from Catalyst protect against dust, dirt and sand particles that can scratch and ruin the device. The cases are designed to meet or exceed Military Standard 810G for drops and shocks up to 6.6ft (2m). “Catalyst has developed a new line of waterproof cases that sets a new industry leading standard for total protection. Our latest products offer the highest level of waterproof protection using our proprietary air and water tight case construction featuring our True Sound Acoustics that allow clear audio transmission over a frequency range of 50Hz to 20,000Hz. Our solutions protect your device from all the elements,” said June Lai, CEO of Catalyst Lifestyle. Catalyst case for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is designed to be the Ultimate case for the Ultimate device ™ for everyday life. The cases are made of impact resistant polycarbonate, a soft-touch rubber bumper, silicone seals and air and water tight acoustic membranes. Available for both 38mm and 42mm Apple Watch Series 2, Catalyst cases for Apple Watch are designed with True Sound Acoustic membranes and the case and band materials are compatible with outdoor use and in seawater. Other key features include the military grade impact protection, the ability to access the touchscreen and pair with Bluetooth as well as monitor heart rate and charge the device, all without removing the case. The ultra-slim profile compliments Apple’s sleek design and features Catalyst’s signature rotating crown dial and tactical side button. “I am incredibly proud of the products our team has developed and brought to market over the last several years. Our latest creations are hands down the most high performance, rugged, everyday cases that we’ve ever made” said Josh Wright, Catalyst Chief Creative Officer. “But we do more than protect. Catalyst enables people to take and use their devices at the beach, snowboarding or skiing, in turbulent weather and in rough and dirty work environments. I’m excited to introduce this new line of products to the market.” Pre-orders for the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and 38mm, 42mm Apple Watch Series 2 are available now at www.catalystcase.com $79.99 (US) Catalyst Case for iPhone 7 | Pre-orders now | Available in January $89.99 (US) Catalyst Case for iPhone 7 Plus | Pre-orders now | Available in March $59.99 (US) Catalyst Case for the 38mm Apple Watch Series 2 | Pre-orders now | Available in January $59.99 (US) Catalyst Case for the 42mm Apple Watch Series 2 | Pre-orders now | Available in January Connect with Catalyst Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CatalystCase Twitter: https://twitter.com/CatalystCase Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/catalystcase_/ Website: www.catalystcase.com About Catalyst Catalyst is a lifestyle accessories brand founded to create iconic products that enable people to explore and share their world like never before. Catalyst offers premium performance accessories at the best value for their customers. Josh Wright is an award‐winning industrial designer who graduated from the Art Center College of Design. June Lai is the research, development and business partner at Catalyst. Together, after seeing a need for a product that fit their needs but did not yet exist, they designed and developed an iPhone case that would protect their products through their many outdoor and underwater adventures. Since Catalyst’s inception in 2010 the brand has introduced the highest performance line of everyday cases, accessories and sleeves featuring their own proprietary technology. iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch are registered trademarks of Apple, Inc. Chris Herbert Catalyst Lifestyle 614-448-8703 email us here [embedded content] Source: http://www.einpresswire.com/rss/qlGkSB28TKD5u8mX Link: Catalyst Announces World’s Most Waterproof Fully Functional Cases for iPhone 7, 7 Plus and 38mm & 42mm Apple Watch 2 Author RSS ImportPosted on November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: #1 Risk for Child Stunting in Developing World: Poor Growth Before Birth Next Next post: CORRECTION – Abacus Next Helps Customers Embrace the Cloud Through Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider Program Search for: Search Recent Posts Voluntary Recall of Weight Watchers Smart Ones Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Sundae Due to Possible Health Risks from Cookie Dough Pieces Purchased from a Third Party Supplier University Of California Employees Allege Illegal Outsourcing Of Jobs To India; Forced To Train Their Replacements Global Mobile and Web Event Analytics Market 2016-2020 xG Technology Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results and Conference Call Global Dental Services Market 2016-2020 Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple Voices The MacBook Pro’s new Touch Bar brings macros to the masses It’s an important evolution of Apple’s contribution to user interface design. by Tim Bajarin Nov 1, 2016, 3:30pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Stephen Lam / Getty A version of this essay was originally published at Tech.pinions, a website dedicated to informed opinions, insight and perspective on the tech industry. The first time I saw and played with the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pros, the concept of the macros of the past popped into mind. Like many who read this column who are power users, we all know the value of creating macros and applying them to our apps to speed up a particular business process. What Apple has done through the Touch Bar is basically deliver this kind of functionality, and gives the power of macros to the masses. What Apple has done with the Touch Bar is to give the power of macros to the masses. How many of you remember the role macros played in the early days of the PC? Macros are basically shortcuts to set up an often-used spreadsheet or to add a set of database formats that would be employed for repetitive data input. These were very important during the days when Microsoft’s DOS ruled the PC world. Even today, programmers use macros all the time, and power users still create macros for use in various types of apps where they are still supported. However, most users don’t even know these shortcuts exists, or if they do, consider them too difficult to find and use. Then Apple introduced the Mac, with its graphical user interface. This, and the next generation of GUIs, made navigating through apps much easier. Also, these GUIs introduced an updated version of cut and paste that, in many ways, allowed a person to do similar things macros did when it came to interjecting what, in binary code, is just mathematical equations used over and over within an app of some type. Another way to look at this is to look back on Apple’s influence on UIs in the past. With the Mac, Apple introduced the graphical UI and the mouse. This advanced the user interface of man-to-machine dramatically. With the iPhone and the iPad, the company introduced touch, something that is now mainstream in UIs for smartphones and tablets and even PCs and laptops. But Apple’s philosophy on touch does not extend to laptops and iMacs for one key reason. Jobs always believed, right or wrong, that, when your hands were on the keyboard, the best position for input was via a keyboard and mouse. He felt that the motion to take the hand from the keyboard and move it to the screen as part of navigation was unnatural. Although adding a keyboard to the iPad breaks with this view, this is more a function of the iPad’s design, and many of us who use iPads with keyboards would love a mouse to use with it. An interesting side note comes with Microsoft’s Surface tablet. Most of my friends who use it with a keyboard also carry a mouse, as they don’t like using their fingers because the touch input is not as precise as one can get with a mouse. The Touch Bar brings the functions of power-user macros to the general user by demystifying the concept of shortcuts for repetitive tasks, and it adds easy-to-use and fast access to all types of functions within applications that will support it. The Touch Bar is an important evolution of Apple’s contribution to user interface design. It brings the functions of power-user macros to the general user by demystifying the concept of shortcuts for repetitive tasks, and it adds easy-to-use and fast access to all types of functions within applications that will support it. This is why the Touch Bar matters. Once people start using it, this will be viewed as a logical next step in UIs for laptops, and we will want this on other Apple laptops and desktops as well. This will be especially true as the software community embraces this new feature and uses Apple’s APIs for the Touch Bar in their own applications. At the Apple event, the company showed us the tip of the iceberg for use on its own applications and ones from early partners like Adobe. But Microsoft plans to support the Touch Bar APIs in all of its Mac applications, and by early next year, we should see thousands of macOS apps supporting it. This gives Mac users a new way to speed up navigation and access within apps on a portable computer, and enhances the laptop experience significantly. As for the new MacBook Pro’s design, I believe it will be a big hit for Apple’s high-end customers, and the entry product, which still has the older function keys, will be targeted as a replacement for the MacBook Air, especially in the enterprise. I have played with this model for about four days now and can see this as a great replacement for the Air. I am concerned with the new MacBook Pros pricing, but to be fair, if this meets the needs of their pro customers, it will still sell well. However, if Apple’s new Touch Bar is the next evolution of Apple’s contribution to mobile user interface design, I suspect the Touch Bar will eventually be on all laptops Apple brings to market over time, and if history is our guide, the prices of these MacBook Pros will also go down in next-generation models. I realize there will be naysayers who will be skeptical about the role the Touch Bar plays in the future. But if there is one thing I have learned over the 35 years of covering Apple, it is that when Cupertino puts a lot of thought and detail into user interfaces, it is best to take note. That is why I believe the Touch Bar not only matters, but that it and the special chip Apple uses to power it will have more of an industry impact than most can see right now. Tim Bajarin is the president of Creative Strategies Inc. He is recognized as one of the leading industry consultants, analysts and futurists covering the field of personal computers and consumer technology. Bajarin has been with Creative Strategies since 1981, and has served as a consultant to most of the leading hardware and software vendors in the industry including IBM, Apple, Xerox, Compaq, Dell, AT&T, Microsoft, Polaroid, Lotus, Epson, Toshiba and numerous others. Reach him @Bajarin. recode_divider More From Recode All the news from Code Enterprise in San Francisco Skilled service providers are less vulnerable to automation, says Thumbtack's economist Here’s how to watch our live interview with Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff tonight Why wait for a new smart car when you can update your existing one? Mossberg: The new MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Recode Daily: Trump is putting Breitbart’s boss in the White House Trending Should you ignore the Trump dump of tech stocks? Yes. ‘Proud to be gay’ Peter Thiel has a top job on the transition team that just appointed a virulently anti-gay politician to shepherd domestic policy vetting Why wait for a new smart car when you can update your existing one? Here’s Yahoo saying it was hacked much earlier than previously reported — and it is being sued 23 times so far for the breach Here’s a viral Facebook video that you wish was not, of a woman getting bashed as a ‘stalker’ from the Middle East More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 16. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Code Enterprise Skilled service providers are less vulnerable to automation, says Thumbtack's economist by Johana Bhuiyan@JMBooyah The company, which connects people with service professionals, doesn't expect much impact from the robot revolution. Code Enterprise Here’s how to watch our live interview with Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff tonight by Meghann Farnsworth We’ll ask him if he really wanted to buy Twitter. Transportation Android Voices Why wait for a new smart car when you can update your existing one? by Bob O'Donnell With Google’s new Android Auto app, end users start to get a feel for what an integrated Android Auto experience would be like — but in their current car. Apple Reviews Mossberg: The new MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg But the battery’s iffy, the Touch Bar is just okay — and you’ll need dongles. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Apple Music Reportedly Getting a Big Price Cut Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Nov 1st, 2016 11:59 AM EST | News A new report claims Apple Music is getting a big price cut in time for the holiday season with the regular US$9.99 a month deal dropping to $7.99. The family package pricing will drop, too, assuming the tenuous report is right. Apple Music reportedly getting a 20% price cut According to industry sources working closely with Apple and its streaming music program who spoke with Digital Music News, the standard $9.99 price will drop to $7.99, and the family plan will drop from $14.99 to $12.99. The student rate will remain unchanged at $4.99. Apple will reportedly continue to offer a three month free trial for new subscribers. Less expensive monthly subscriptions would help make Apple Music more competitive, and is likely something Apple wants to see happen. Unfortunately, Digital Music News doesn’t have a strong track record with insider Apple news, which means this price cut isn’t a sure thing. The sources are also people outside of Apple, and without knowing who they are, it’s impossible to say how privy they are to the company’s plans and time tables. That said, lowering Apple Music’s monthly subscription to $7.99 would match Amazon’s Music Unlimited pricing for Prime subscribers. Apple may not be too concerned about price matching for other products, but has always advocated for more affordable pricing in music. Pushing down Apple Music’s monthly subscription fits nicely with that plan. The holiday season is fast approaching, so we’ll know soon if Digital Music News has a reliable source. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple Music, discount, subscription One Comment Add a comment Lee Dronick November 1, 2016 AAPL down on news that Apple Music is being discounted November 1, 2016 at 1:39 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5892 Jeff Gamet news 1 1478001549 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Now is an awful time to buy a new laptop Chris Mills BGR NewsNovember 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Black Friday is rapidly approaching, Microsoft and Apple have just shown off their laptop collections for the year, and there's more nighttime in the winter to Netflix in bed. Ordinarily, this would be the perfect time to go get a new laptop. But not in 2016. See, although Intel announced its new line of Kaby Lake processors back in August, we won't see a lot of the new processors in laptops until next year. The new processors promise all sorts of improvements over the current Skylake versions, but even if you don't care about better 4K video playback, you probably do care about saving money. Which is why you should slowly back away from the Amazon cart, set down the 1-click order button, and wait. DON'T MISS: The worst thing about Apple’s new MacBook Pro in two amazing pictures Kaby Lake is the seventh generation of Intel's Core processors. On paper, it's not that much of an upgrade over the Skylake chips that came before. It runs on the same-sized 14nm process, using a mostly-similar architecture to the Skylake chips, so there aren't any giant improvements in battery life or processing power for general-use applications. But where the new chips should be much better is for specific things like 4K video playback or VR. Intel has started to tailor its silicon to the kinds of intensive tasks that currently tax the processor. It's the same thing that processor manufacturers have been doing for the last few years for smartphones: rather than just increase overall processing power, Qualcomm, Samsung and Apple have customized their chips so that they're much better at a specific task. Intel is claiming that you'll get nearly double the battery life when streaming 4K video off YouTube, which is a huge improvement. Other battery-intensive tasks, like general web browsing, also get a double-digit efficiency boost. So, for the same-size laptop with the same battery, you'll be getting hours more battery life if you wait for a Kaby Lake chip. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBgSfEzb9cg Gaming is another good example. The beefy quad-core Kaby Lake processors, which won't launch until early next year, will have the latest version of Intel's Iris graphics. We don't know a ton about it, but we've seen demos of thin-and-light laptops running graphically intensive games like Overwatch at a decent FPS. The big question is if the best Iris graphics will be able to handle basic AR or VR tasks. If they can pull that off, it will mean serious graphics performance in a thin laptop with low power draw. So when will be a good time to buy a laptop? The basic, low-power Kaby Lake chips are already out, but we'll have to wait until sometime early next year for the high-power, quad-core laptop processors that you find in the MacBook Pro or Surface Book. You can expect all the big-name laptop manufacturers to debut laptops packing Kaby Lake, so a few demos at the Consumer Electronics Show in January is a good guess. Even if you don't care about any of the graphics or efficiency improvements, it's probably worth waiting until the new year to buy a new laptop. With Kaby Lake computers coming out, the perfectly capable Skylake PCs will be going on sale anyway. Couple those sales with the post-Christmas discounts, and you could be picking up serious PCs for a lot less money than right now. All you have to do is wait. Trending right now: The worst thing about Apple’s new MacBook Pro in two amazing pictures This iPhone 7 video review from a hardcore Android fan is making Android users want to switch Samsung may have just revealed the Galaxy S8’s hottest new feature See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         iOS 10.2 beta 1 now available to public testers iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | November 1, 2016 6 shares 5 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Yesterday Apple released the first beta of iOS 10.2 to registered developers, and now public testers can get a taste of the early software, too. iOS 10.2 beta 1 is now available to members of the Apple Beta Software Program. If that’s you, you can grab the device that you’ve got enrolled in the program and go into Settings > General > Software Update to grab iOS 10.2 beta 1. The update to iOS 10.2 brings with it some notable new features. Perhaps the biggest addition is updated emoji, including new characters like a fox face and avocado, as well as new versions of existing emoji. Other new features include new wallpapers, a Video app widget, and an option for saving your last known camera settings. Apple hasn’t announced when iOS 10.2 will be released to the public, but if it’s anything like previous releases, iOS 10.2 will go through a few beta updates before being unleashed to the public. iOS Apple Previous ArticlePokémon Go will soon gain daily bonuses to give you more XP Next ArticleApple releases iOS 10.2 beta 1 update Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts AT&T boosts GoPhone data package add-ons Verizon eliminates two of its prepaid rate plans LeEco Le Pro3 and Le S3 flash sales happening today OnePlus Gear launching tomorrow with bags and t-shirts View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 19 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / How Pixar saved Steve Jobs and Apple How Pixar saved Steve Jobs and Apple Posted on Tuesday, November 1, 2016 by CNN in Business News On a summer Saturday in 1997, Steve Jobs met with his Pixar colleague Lawrence Levy to break the news in person. “I’m thinking about going back to Apple,” Jobs said. When Levy asked if he was sure about taking on that tremendous challenge, Jobs told him, “I’m not certain, but I could try.” What happened next is documented in countless articles and books: Jobs took over as “interim CEO” of the company he founded and brought it back from the brink of bankruptcy to its current position as the world’s most valuable business. This story has been told so many times that it’s easy to think of it as a foregone conclusion. Of course Steve Jobs would come back and magically save Apple. In reality, even Jobs wasn’t entirely confident. “Steve wasn’t sure Apple could be saved. And the last thing he wanted was to return to Apple and then be held responsible if he failed to rescue the faltering company,” Levy writes in a new book out Tuesday called To Pixar and Beyond: My Unlikely Journey with Steve Jobs to Make Entertainment History. Before Jobs became Apple CEO again, he was the CEO and owner of Pixar. Today Pixar is a household name, but in the mid-’90s it was still working on its first feature film (Toy Story) and struggling financially. Jobs, tired of funding the company himself, recruited Levy to be Pixar’s CFO and turn the business around. Levy’s book shows how he worked closely with Jobs to focus Pixar’s business, build an iconic brand and ultimately guide it toward a successful IPO and later an acquisition by Disney. But for those interested in all things Apple, the book provides something more: a detailed account of how Pixar finally helped Jobs escape what is typically referred to as his “wilderness years.” That’s the decade or so between his firing from Apple and his return. When Levy first met Jobs, the Apple founder’s reputation was in doubt. He had been ousted from Apple. His followup company, NeXT computer, was struggling. And Pixar, the business he bought from Lucasfilm for its animation technology, was bleeding money with little to show for it. Soon after taking the executive role, it became clear to Levy that Jobs was fixated on the idea of taking Pixar public and showing the world that at least one of his post-Apple bets was a success. “If there was one event that would unquestionably signify Steve’s redemption, it would be Pixar’s IPO,” Levy writes. “Whenever we talked about it, his tone took on a weight and importance of almost biblical proportion.” It took longer than Jobs may have wanted, but Pixar went public on November 29, 1995. That morning, Jobs and Levy “huddled around a computer” in San Francisco watching the stock. As the price soared, an investment banker in the room turned to Jobs and said, “Congratulations Steve, you’re a billionaire.” Jobs later stepped out of the room and called his friend and Oracle founder Larry Ellison to say, “Larry, I made it.” “Having reached the ranks of billionaire and having the success of the IPO behind him buoyed Steve enormously,” Levy told CNNMoney. “It was a long dry spell. To have that big hit on the board gives you that much more confidence.” That may have helped Jobs “take that risk” of returning to Apple, according to Levy. But once Jobs was back in the Apple CEO spot, he benefited from his time at Pixar in other ways. For starters, Jobs learned how to be more “collaborative” and cede some control to others, according to Levy. “He wasn’t the product maker at Pixar,” he told CNNMoney. “He wasn’t a filmmaker.” And it was through Pixar that Jobs got his first true taste of the entertainment industry. (In one particularly endearing moment in the book, Jobs is nearly ecstatic to learn that an A-list Hollywood exec he’s meeting with has to duck out to take a call from Robert Redford.) “We literally learned the entertainment industry together there,” Levy told CNNMoney. “We literally shuttled back and forth to Hollywood to learn it.” The knowledge and relationships he cultivated in that industry would prove useful as he pushed to turn Apple around with products in the entertainment space like the iPod, iTunes Store and Apple TV. 370 economists tell voters: Don't vote for Trump Microsoft bug could let hackers take control of computers Related Posts U.S. pulls spies from China after hack Good news for the 99%…absolutely killer news for the 1% Apple pay: What Tim Cook and other top execs make ‘We are moving to the next bubble’: German Finance Minister Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Access provided by My Account Log Out Join Log In Latest News Education Health & Behavior Living Money Politics & Law Autism Cerebral Palsy Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability About Email Sign-Up Advertise Contact Search Jobs Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest RSS Menu The Premier Source for Developmental Disability News Skip to content Latest News Jobs Email Sign-Up Search Facebook Twitter Search... Close 1 Feds Seek Input On Expanding Community-Based Services 2 Study Finds Transportation Lacking For Those With Special Needs 3 College-Bound Students With Autism Learn To Navigate Campus Life 4 Trump Win Brings Uncertainty On Disability Policy 5 ADA Suits Skyrocket As Some Question Motives 6 Autism Drug Trial Underway 7 Report Finds Caregiver Fraud Widespread 8 Disability Portrayals On TV At Record High 9 More People With Disabilities Seeking Work 10 Toys R Us Testing Special Needs Accommodations Apple Doubling Down On Accessibility by Michelle Diament | November 1, 2016 Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks at an event highlighting accessibility options that are incorporated in the company's devices. "We believe that technology should be accessible to everyone," Cook said. (Apple) Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email As tech-giant Apple rolls out its newest products, the company is placing a special emphasis on people with disabilities. Apple kicked off an event last week to unveil its latest lineup of MacBook Pros and other new offerings with a video showcasing the unique ways that people with disabilities use their products. The brief clip shows individuals with physical and developmental disabilities using technology to overcome basic challenges — from speaking to learning, engaging with others and taking photographs. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below One of those featured, Sady Paulson, has cerebral palsy and edited the video using an accessibility tool called Switch Control. Paulson is heard speaking through her computer. “My love for technology is more than just a passion; it gives me access to my world,” Paulson said. “I need help in some areas, but assistive technology enables me to communicate with my loved ones and pursue my career.” Apple used the event to debut a new accessibility website highlighting various built-in options on the company’s devices and how people are applying these features in their lives. “Our teams work so incredibly hard to make all of our products accessible to everyone,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said. “It’s incredibly humbling to see the amazing things people do with our products everyday.” Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Find a Job Asst/Assoc Professor-Spec Ed Executive Director Head of School Center Director, CCLC Special Education Teacher View all jobs Post a Job More in Living Comments DISABILITY SCOOP WELCOMES COMMENTS, THOUGH ONLY A SELECTION ARE PUBLISHED. WE LOOK FOR SUBMISSIONS THAT ARE THOUGHTFUL, ON-TOPIC AND ADD NEW IDEAS OR PERSPECTIVE. PLEASE KEEP YOUR REMARKS BRIEF AND REFRAIN FROM INSERTING LINKS. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read Next Health & Behavior Feds Seek Input On Expanding Community-Based Services Medicaid officials are looking for ways to increase access to home and community-based services for people with disabilities and they're asking the public to weigh in with ideas.November 14, 2016 Living Study Finds Transportation Lacking For Those With Special Needs Transportation is an all-important piece of the puzzle for people with developmental disabilities looking to access the community, yet new research shows that options remain limited.November 11, 2016 Autism College-Bound Students With Autism Learn To Navigate Campus Life Teenagers on the spectrum are getting a dry run at college with the help of a new boarding program that aims to prepare them for the social side of higher education.November 11, 2016 View More Stories © 2016 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. View this article online at https://www.disabilityscoop.com/2016/11/01/apple-doubling-down-accessibility/22966/ Sign up today for the Disability Scoop Newsletter Your email here Thanks for your interest Please check your email for instructions to complete your sign-up. © 2008-2016 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Advertise Sign up for our newsletter Get the latest developmental disability news from Disability Scoop sent straight to your inbox. Autism Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability Cerebral Palsy And More… E-mail Address: No thanks × You're reading of free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. Get unlimited Disability Scoop access starting at just $5 Join Today Logged in as Already a member? Log In Close Log In   Log In Forgot password? Don't have an account? Join Today
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective The best and worst things to buy in November Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Jamie Young Nov 1st 2016 2:01PM Black Friday is the biggest shopping day of the year. So, in November, you might expect to find holiday sales and deals — and you're right. However, there are a few items that go on sale during November you probably wouldn't expect. Best Things to Buy in November November is perfectly situated between some major holidays — so budget-conscious shoppers can benefit in several ways. Halloween is over, allowing candy lovers to grab what's left at huge discounts. With Thanksgiving just around the corner, Black Friday is almost here — and so are the gift deals as we make our way into Christmas. Black Friday Electronics and TVs Yes, a lot of things go on sale in November because of Black Friday, but that doesn't mean you're always getting a deal. In fact, there are only a few key items you should actually purchase on Black Friday — mostly electronics. Off-brand electronics offer some of the best deals that day, but if you're looking to buy a major brand name TV or laptop at a significant discount, wait until Cyber Monday, or even next month when retailers are clearing out stock to make room for newer 2017 models. You can also find Black Friday deals on Apple products — if you know where to look. "Everything from iPads to Apple Watches can be a great buy on Black Friday, with two big qualifiers: Buy one generation old, and don't buy from the Apple Store," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor with DealNews. "Brand new devices don't see as significant discounts, and the Apple Store is always undercut by resellers like Best Buy and Micro Center." See: 27 Ways to Save Money at Best Buy Wedding Dresses Doesn't it seem like all of your friends are getting engaged during the holiday season? Well, those in the wedding industry have noticed as well: Bridal shops start stocking up on dresses in November in preparation for Christmas and New Year's Day engagements. Also, to make room for the new wedding dress designs that come out in November, bridal shops want to get rid of last year's styles. Because of this, you can save up to 70 percent on everything from wedding dresses to bridesmaid dresses and more. So expect to find some of the best deals on wedding dresses and other bridal sales this month. Tools and Hardware Most people aren't thinking about home improvement projects in the winter — after all, it's time for holiday parties and entertaining guests. This means that in November you can find some great sales on tools and hardware from places like Home Depot and Sears during Black Friday. Many of these items — like toolboxes and drill sets — will also make great Christmas gifts come December, which means these deals have come at the perfect time. And who knows, maybe it's also the perfect time for you to finally repaint your guest room before your in-laws come in December. Kitchen Appliances and Cookware "Whether you're a casual cook or an everyday chef, November is the absolute best time to buy kitchen goods and appliances," said Glaser. "Even high-end devices like KitchenAid mixers and Pyrex container sets will see extraordinary deals." From Keurigs to juicers to Crock Pots, Black Friday appliance sales will be abundant. But you should also be looking for deals on even bigger appliances like refrigerators, washers and dryers from stores like Best Buy and Home Depot. If you really want to impress your holiday guests this December, November offers some great deals on cookware and bakeware, as well. Check out stores like Kohl's and JCPenney. Also see the items you should avoid buying online: 11 PHOTOS Items you should never buy online See Gallery Items you should never buy online Flowers Although it may be more convenient to purchase flowers online, if you have time, it's best to locate a local florist near the person you want to send flowers to. According to a study by Cheapism.com, you're more likely to pay less and receive a better bouquet for your money when you use a local florist.  Photo credit: Getty Furniture  You may not realize it, but when you purchase furniture online, you also have to pay for delivery and surcharge fees. In order to avoid paying these unwanted costs, it's easier to get it in person. For example, when buying furniture in-store, you're able to negotiate a better price and maybe even convince the salesperson to throw in free delivery.  Photo credit: Getty Groceries  Much like shopping for flowers, it is best to purchase your groceries at an actual grocery store. When you purchase them in person, you have the opportunity ensure you are choosing the best meats, produce, etc. -- something you can't do when ordering online.  Photo credit: Getty Swimwear  As beach season rapidly approaches, you probably want to invest in a few new swimsuits. However, before you make that online purchase you'll want to heed this warning. Trae Bodge, senior editor at RetailMeNot, says, " Fit can fluctuate even among suits from the same brand...  and many online retailers don’t allow swimsuit returns if the packaging has been opened or there’s evidence the suit has been worn."  Photo credit: Getty Social Media Followers  We get it, social media is addicting.  While it may be cool to have over 10,000 followers, buying them can be risky. Depending on the social media site you are using, the followers you purchase can be deleted if they are considered spam accounts.  Photo credit: Getty Prescriptions  Unless advised by your doctor, you should avoid buying medicine online at all costs. It can be tempting to get off-brand products, but you may be unknowingly purchasing illegal or counterfeit drugs.  Photo credit: Getty Cars The internet has made it possible to cut out the middleman when dealing with major purchases, but sometimes, that salesperson is needed. If you're buying a car for the first time, it may be best to get it at a dealership. When you get a car online, you're taking away the opportunity to test it out first and negotiate a better deal.  Photo credit: Getty Knockoff Accessories  While getting counterfeit bags and jewelry is cheaper than buying the real thing, you should do so with much caution. Oftentimes, these items are sold on unsecured sites which can lead to either your computer getting a virus or your identity being stolen.  Photo credit: Getty Pets While you can find an array of pets being sold online, it is always safest to purchase one in person. Much like furniture, you may have to deal with excessive delivery fees, and what's more, your pet can get sick or even worse.  Photo credit: Getty Fragile Items If you're truly invested in a fragile or irreplaceable item, it's highly recommended to buy and pick it up in the store. This cuts out any chances of a delivery person dropping and breaking your prized possession.  Photo credit: Getty Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – Worst Things to Buy in November Although there are many deals to be had this November, don't let yourself get carried away with Black Friday sales — because not every sale is a bargain. New Video Game Consoles Even though it's possible to find video game bundles on sale this November — especially for older consoles — newer gaming consoles won't see deep discounts for Black Friday. "The PlayStation Pro is so new, it will not see significant discounts this Black Friday," said Glaser. "Stick with [the] PS4 and Xbox One, bundled with games and controllers, for the best value." So, your best bet is to buy your kids — or yourself — the older generation consoles as holiday gifts. You'll find some good Black Friday deals on these and, although they're not the newest, they're still new enough to be great gifts — at a great price. How to: Not Go Broke Next Month Travel With everyone booking trips with family for the upcoming holidays, November is right in the middle of the busiest travel season of the year. If you haven't already booked your flight home from the holidays, you might be out of luck as far as deals go. The best time to buy airline tickets is one month to four months out, but for holiday travel around this time it's different. Sometimes it's best to book even 11 months in advance, according to CheapAir. So, at this point, it's best to hold off on your winter and spring travel plans until the new year. Learn: How to Book Last-Minute Travel Plans on the Cheap Gift Cards Gift cards are one of the most popular holiday gifts, but buying them early won't necessarily get you the best deal. "Gift card discounts rain from the sky in December, when you can regularly expect to get $100 of iTunes credit for just $80 or even $70 dollars," Glaser said. So, wait until next month to buy these popular stocking stuffers — or even wait until January to stock up. After the holidays, all of the unwanted gift cards people receive as gifts can show up on sites like Cardpool and Raise. These sites will offer gift cards for deep discounts — typically up to 35 percent off. Black Friday Impulse Buys Although it's easy to get hyped up for all of the Black Friday deals, it's best to stick to your shopping list and only buy what's necessary — or what you plan to give as gifts. Don't get so caught up in the Black Friday hype you spend needlessly. Just because there's a sale, doesn't mean you're truly saving money — and it definitely doesn't mean you need it. More from GOBankingRates: 9 Spending Triggers That Can Leave You Poor 8 Ways Your Money Habits Are Ruining Your Relationship 40 Ways to Save Money Over the Holidays Tags Black Friday Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY Marijuana: 15 Cities With the Most Pot Users 11 Jobs That Will Probably Survive the Next Recession 10 Job Skills That Will Get You Hired in 2017 The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 20 Biggest, Safest Family Cars You Can Buy Recommended For You Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Holiday disaster looms as UPS workers vote to strike Ronald Reagan can tell us a lot about what the economy will look like under Trump Samsung to buy car tech firm Harman for $8 bln, S.Korea's biggest overseas deal American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 4 unconventional ways to boost your Social Security benefits China to burn, not bury, as it tackles trash challenge Gift cards are a $10 billion waste of money and you should never buy them Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,164.20-0.25-0.01% DJIA18,868.6921.030.11% NASDAQ5,218.40-18.72-0.36% DAX10,693.6925.740.24% HANG SENG22,222.22-308.87-1.37% NIKKEI 22517,630.95-41.67-0.24% USD (per EUR)1.080.000.13% USD (per CHF)1.000.00-0.15% JPY (per USD)108.01-0.18-0.17% GBP (per USD)1.250.00-0.07% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners How to Get Rid of Varicose VeinsQuick & Dirty Tips How to Teach Your Child to Be a Gracious LoserQuick & Dirty Tips Post-Election Social Media EtiquetteQuick & Dirty Tips Why Were the 2016 U.S. Presidential Polls Wrong?Quick & Dirty Tips Who Said It? Jim Rohn or John WoodenSUCCESS Magazine The Secrets to Making the Best Mashed PotatoesQuick & Dirty Tips How to Craft Strong VoiceQuick & Dirty Tips True Success Begins the Second You Start Giving BackSUCCESS MagazineBy PubExchange Mon, Nov 14 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 1 GOOG: 783.61 -0.93 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Sony Xperia XZ 32GB $650, LG 55-inch OLED HDTV $1,000, more Stephen Hall - 2 weeks ago @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Sony Xperia XZ smartphone (unlocked) 32GB: $650 shipped (Reg. $700) | Amazon Daily Deals: LG 55-inch 1080p Curved 3D OLED Smart HDTV $1,000, Logitech Wireless Keyboard and Optical Mouse $30, more Grab a brand new current gen MacBook Air for nearly $250 off: $950 shipped (Reg. $1,199) Amazon launches its Black Friday Store with new deals every five minutes + gift guides to make shopping easier Amazon Startup Week Deals: TarDisk 256GB Storage Expansion Card for 13-inch MacBook Air $100 off, more Jaybird’s new $130 X3 Bluetooth Sport Headphones are now official & we’re giving them away, enter now! Review: Nomad’s Silicone Strap is the Apple Watch Sport Band that should’ve come from Cupertino Apple won’t sell you an Apple Watch Nike+ Sport Band, but Amazon already has some low-priced knockoffs MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Amazon is discounting its Kindle E-readers by as much as 25%, priced from $60: Paperwhite $100, Voyager $180 KMASHI 15000mAh External Battery Power Bank $13 Prime shipped (Reg. $17), more Games/Apps: New Nintendo 3DS XL in black or red $140, more iOS freebies Today only, save 35% at Gap/Banana Republic + Amazon’s Gold Box: up to 70% off coats Kindle First eBook freebies for November: Ocean of Storms, Walk into Silence, more Apple’s gorgeous 21-inch Retina 4K iMac 3.1GHz/8GB/1TB is on sale for $1,290 shipped Caudabe’s ultra-thin Veil XT iPhone 7 case: $14 + $3 shipping MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: The Roku Streaming Stick is perfect for your bedroom HDTV, on sale now for $40 shipped (Reg. $50) w/ added bonuses VIZIO’s 38-inch 2.1-ch. Soundbar w/ Wireless Subwoofer is an Amazon best seller, on sale for $138 shipped Seagate 5TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive $110 (Reg. $130) View-Master Deluxe VR Smartphone Kit: $30 (25% savings) Motorola Moto X Pure 4G 32GB Smartphone $250 (Reg. $350) 5 Dr. Seuss classics on Android for free (Reg. $15) 3-Pack Retractable Sharpies $4, 12-Pack pens from $4, more Polk RTi Bookshelf Speakers: A1 $185 or A3 $230 (Reg. $350) best selling electric snow blower $136 (Reg. $165+), more 81-load tub of Tide PODS HE Laundry Detergent $14  KRUPS Electric Spice/Coffee Grinder is down to $16 Snap Circuits Jr. $14 shipped (Reg. $18), more Kershaw folding knives hit all-time lows: prices from $11 Hoover Upright/Bagless Vac: $65 Get these scary movies in HD for only $5 each Waterpik Cordless Water Flosser $35, more Kryptolok Bicycle U-Lock $29 (Reg. $35+) August 2nd Gen. HomeKit Smart Lock: $194 (Reg. $230) Vantrue’s latest N1 Dash Cam for just $65 Canon’s latest camera sale extra 15% off Timbuk2 brings 30% off: messenger bags $44, more Free PS Plus Games for November AmazonBasics Adjustable Jump Rope for under $3 Merrell Parkton Trekker Waterproof boots: $50 shipped Black + Decker 4-Slice Toaster Oven for just $23 (Reg. $30+) Two 2nd-Gen Amazon Echo Dots for $81 (Reg. $100) 3-pack Etekcity Wireless Remote Outlets $14, more 12-Pack Zebra Stainless Steel Pens $9.50 (Reg. $15+), more 8000mAh Car Jump Starter/Power Bank $32 (Reg. $40), more Verizon offers a free NBA League Pass subscription Nike is taking an extra 20% off all clearance items AmazonBasics Explorer Backpack: $15 Reg. $30) Pick up a MacBook felt sleeve for as little as $5 Office Supplies: 14-Pads Post-it Notes $6.50, more Get an Audible 2-month trial for free NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Samsung announces new smartphone accessories, including the Wireless Speaker Bottle Seagate introduces a new external solid-state hard drive for Xbox One Belkin unveils new Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock designed for Apple’s latest MacBook Pro Shift Drone uses a unique one-handed remote control to navigate the sky and capture 4K video PlayStation 4 may finally be getting its own version of the Xbox One Elite controller Nomad introduces new ultra-rugged Lightning cables including one with a 2350mAh battery The Immotor Go Electric Scooter has a 20 mile range and iPhone-connectivity Herman Miller unveils the latest iteration of its popular Aeron desk chair, available to order now Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Toggle Close Makeup Skin Hair Fashion Lifestyle Celebrity Best of Beauty Beauty Box Subscribe Newsletter Sign Up Makeup Skin Hair Fashion Lifestyle Celebrity Best of Beauty Beauty Box Follow magazinenewsletterSubscribe LifestyleTechnology Get Your First Look at Apple's New Emojis By Macaela Mackenzie November 1, 2016 facebook dialog Pinterest facebook dialog Pinterest Email Courtesy of Apple; Getty Images The latest set of emoji are almost here! While the official release date is still TBD, Apple released a developer preview of the new and improved emoji of iOS 10.2 this week. Judging by what we’ve seen so far, they’re about to totally elevate our texting game—the new kit will include updates to some of our old favorites, foods we’ve been wishing for forever (avocado!!!), as well as a whole new set of (ahem, overdue) badass working women. Here are our favorites and why we can’t wait to use them. 1. Rock Star Natural beauty looks and the no makeup movement totally have their place. But so does bold AF beauty game. This badass emoji totally has you covered when you feel like going all out. facebook dialog Pinterest 2. Avocado Finally (finally!!!!), Apple is delivering an avocado emoji. It’s about time considering avocados have gone way beyond our breakfast plates and salad bowls and totally infiltrated our beauty routines. With that in mind, this little baby will be appropriate in just about any text situation. 3. Farmer Whether you intentionally go all-out organic or not, organic beauty products are becoming more and more mainstream. We have a feeling that the fresh-faced farmer girl emoji would totally approve. 4. Scientist When it comes to scoping out the best new formulas and products, cosmetic chemists are our saviors—these scientists know everything about the ins and outs of what we’re actually putting on our bodies and how to make sure we’re getting the best results. It’s about time they got their very own emoji. How artist Yung Jake created a likeness of Gigi Hadid out of emojis: 5. Judge The beauty industry is poised to undergo a major transformation if this proposed legislation on what goes into our favorite products has anything to say about it. Can we get a ruling? facebook dialog Pinterest 6. Salad In case you missed it, the green movement (kale and spinach and cucumbers, oh my!) has made its way from our plates and into our beauty routines. Insert praise hands emoji here. 7. Pregnant Woman Especially considering our current political climate, women’s health and reproductive rights are a common topic of conversation. Sometimes you need a little emoji action to add some levity to the conversation. facebook dialog Pinterest 8. Selfie We have to admit, we’re kind of surprised that a selfie emoji doesn’t already exist. Beyond being a major cultural phenomenon, selfies even have health benefits. So you can pretty much count the selfie emoji as a mini confidence booster, right? facebook dialog Pinterest 9. Shrug In our world of totally digital communication, it’s inevitable that we’re going to have at least some level of miscommunication—even with our besties. Oh, well ¯_(ツ)_/¯. 10. Shopping cart When it’s time to update your closet, the old-school shopping cart emoji will come in handy. We’ll be using this one to round up our gal pals when it’s time to scope the latest see-now-buy-now trends. RELATED Instagram Introduces a New Shop Now Feature This Is the Most Relaxing Song Ever Recorded This Is What Victoria Beckham's Nutritionist, Amelia Freer, Eats In A Day # Keywords emojitechapple # Keywords emojitechapple facebook dialog Pinterest Email Collections Multi-Purpose Travel lighter with versatile products. Buy ItRead Review CoverGirl Olay The De-Puffer Eye Concealer Read Review RMS Beauty Lip & Skin Balm in Simply Cocoa Buy ItRead Review Living Proof Perfect Hair Day 5-in-1 Styling Treatment Read Review Charlotte Tilbury Beach Stick Lip to Cheek Dewy Color Pop in Moon Beach Read Review VMV Hypoallergenics Know-It-Oil We Love Emojis Hijab and Breast-feeding Emojis Might Be Coming Your Way A bearded man, broccoli, and an exploding head are some of the newly approved emojis. November 14, 2016 Allure Unbound Escape Reality With the New Allure Unbound AR App It's Gigi Hadid's world, and now you're living in it. November 14, 2016 Tech Meets Beauty 6 Ways Google Home Is a Beauty Guru’s BFF OK, Google, when does Kylie’s next lip kit drop? November 4, 2016 Tech News Apple Might be Coming Out With a Foldable iPhone And it kind of looks like a chic compact. November 2, 2016 Wearable Tech Will.i.am's Chic New Headphones Are Kendall Jenner-Approved They come in rose gold—be still our hearts. November 2, 2016 Emoji Mania Get Your First Look at Apple's New Emojis The avocado emoji is finally here. November 1, 2016 Virtual Shopping Instagram Introduces a New Shop Now Feature It's been a long time coming. November 1, 2016 Techy Halloween Facebook Live Halloween Filters Are Coming to a Screen Near You Now you can transform into a witch or panda. October 27, 2016 Sign Up for Our Newsletter Get your daily dose of beauty tips, tricks, and news, sent straight to your inbox.Sign Up Now Subscribe to the Magazine + Get a Free Salon Tote!Subscribe Now LifestyleThis Bride Is Going Viral (for Not Wearing Makeup) FashionAmericans Are Wearing Safety Pins to Send a Powerful Message After the Election CelebrityChannel You Inner Boss Babe With Hillary Clinton's Lipstick Subscription ServicesCareersCondé Nast StoreSite MapAbout AllureContact the EditorsNewsletter Sign UpRSS Feeds Our SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBon AppétitBrides.comCondé Nast TravelerConciergeEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQHotel ChatterJauntedLuckyNutritionDataRedditThe SceneSelfStyleTeen VogueThe New YorkerVanity FairVegas ChatterVogueWWired Cond\é Nast © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016).  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Is Moving to OLED iPhones We just don't know quite when. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Nov 1, 2016 at 2:12PM The iPhone 7 uses an LCD display with a wider color gamut. Image source: Apple. While rumors of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) shifting its iPhone displays to OLED technology have persisted for half a decade, if not longer, we're now seeing the clearest evidence that Apple is indeed finally making the switch. The latest development on the OLED iPhone front comes from Sharp executive Tai Jeng-Wu, who recently gave a speech at Tatung University. According to the Nikkei Asian Review, Tai confirmed that Apple is transitioning to the newer display tech: The iPhone has been evolving and now it is switching from LTPS (low-temperature poly silicon) to OLED panels. We don't know whether Apple's OLED iPhones will be a hit, but if Apple doesn't walk down this path and transform itself, there will be no innovation. It is a crisis but it is also an opportunity. Sharp has long supplied LCD displays for the iPhone maker, and Apple's primary contract manufacturer Foxconn closed on its acquisition of the struggling Japanese company in August. To be clear, Tai did not actually disclose when Apple would be switching to OLED, but his comments are a clear indication that Apple is going forward with OLED. All other rumors point to 2017's "iPhone 8" as the ticket. Sharp is in the process of investing in OLED manufacturing, as its current production capacity is quite low. All of this more or less jibes with a Bloomberg report from September. The component play: Universal Display As usual, you can't talk about Apple OLED rumors without referencing Universal Display (NASDAQ:OLED), the principle materials and IP provider of OLED technologies. Interestingly, Universal Display shares dropped in September following the Bloomberg report, since Sharp is not a major customer of Universal Display at present. The initial thinking was that Universal Display investors thought Apple was buying from a competing supplier (Sharp), snubbing Universal Display in the process. That's not the case, though. Universal Display has long-term commercial supply agreements with both Samsung and LG Display, which are the two largest OLED panel manufacturers in the world. But just because Sharp has not yet inked a long-term deal doesn't mean it won't. Universal Display doesn't really have much competition when it comes to supplying OLED materials, which are absolutely necessary for OLED displays, so there should be little doubt that these materials will inevitably come from the company. Seeing as how Sharp has historically had extremely limited OLED production capabilities, it makes sense that it has never bothered inking a long-term contract. But as Sharp works to ramp its capacity in order to accommodate Apple within the next year, it will very likely do exactly that in order to secure favorable pricing and supply of emitter materials. If and when Universal Display announces a long-term agreement, Universal Display shares will likely soar, as investors express relief that Apple isn't getting its OLED fix anywhere else. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple and Universal Display. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Universal Display. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 2:12PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Universal Display NASDAQ:OLED $62.20 down $0.65 (-1.03%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History The Biggest Flops in Silicon Valley History Why Communications Sales & Leasing, Inc. Fell 12% Today Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple AirPods may not arrive until January 2017 [Updated] Eric Abent - Nov 1, 2016 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit A little less than a week ago, we found out that Apple had delayed the launch of its wireless AirPods. The move to delay the AirPods was a little surprising, mostly because the announcement came right before they were scheduled to release. Now, it looks like we might be waiting a while for them to arrive, as new reports say they won’t be launching until January 2017. When Apple delayed the AirPods, a spokesperson for the company said they needed “a little more time,” before they were ready for release. It would appear that “a little more time” in this case translates to around two months. This report comes from Chinese supplier Inventec, which told Economic Daily News (as reported by DigiTimes) that it doesn’t expect to begin shipping the wireless earbuds until January. We’ve reached out to Apple to see if it has anything to say about the delay, but at the time of this writing, the company hasn’t responded. Confirmation of a January release date likely won’t come for some time. It seems safe to expect Apple to push for an earlier release date if at all possible, otherwise it risks missing out on the always-important holiday shopping season. While You Wait: Apple AirPods Hands-OnApple won’t want to miss out on that if it can be helped, especially considering that the AirPods are compatible with much more than just the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Apple has made these AirPods compatible with its phones dating all the way back to the iPhone 5, along with the features that were previewed during the September event. If you’re using them on iPhone, you’ll be treated to features like Siri support and simple pairing. Those extra features might persuade iPhone users to pay the AirPods’ somewhat high asking price of $159, but we won’t know for sure until the actually release. We’ll update this post if we hear back from Apple, but for now, prepare to be waiting a little while for AirPods to arrive. Update: No update from Apple yet, but a source tells SlashGear that the supply chain may have been too pessimistic on this one. Your holiday wish-list might still include some AirPods, but we’ll have to wait and see. SOURCE: DigiTimes Story Timeline Apple 'AirPods' Eurasian certification issued RIP iPhone 7 headphone jack: Welcome Apple AirPods Apple must take its iPhone 7 AirPods decision and run with it AirPods Strap will tie your wireless AirPods together with a wire Tags AccessoriesAirPodsAppleBluetooth Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
null
null
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 7:23 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple’s AirPods Might Be Delayed Until January 2017, Report Says By Karen Tumbokon On 11/01/16 AT 1:53 PM Close When Apple announced its AirPods in September, the company said the wireless earbuds would launch in October. Now that it’s November, it turns out the AirPods have been not just delayed, but possibly delayed until 2017. Apple told TechCrunch last week that it needs “a little more time” before the AirPods are ready to be released, not even saying the reasons behind the delay. “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers," an Apple spokesperson said to TechCrunch. Following the announcement Apple has delayed its wireless AirPods beyond its October launch date, foreign supply chain sources are saying the AirPods could be launched in January 2017, and not the 2016 date that many people said the device would sell well during the holidays. Related Stories Choosing The Right Music Streaming Service iPhone 7 AirPods Debut The Economic Daily News believes the AirPods manufacturing supplier Inventec will see a profit boost in January, thanks to the new launch date. Inventenc’s revenue is expected to grow to 7 percent in 2017 because of AirPod orders, and will reach about $23.83 billion, while its earnings per share will increase by 35 percent. Apple announced the wireless AirPods during its Sept. 7 iPhone 7 event, where it said the AirPods will have up to 5 hours of music playback, high-quality-sound through a “seamless and automatic connection” between devices and a battery case that can hold more than 24 hours of listening time. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, has addressed the speculation that the addition of the Touch Bar into the new MacBook Pros signifies the company’s plan to totally ditch the physical keyboard. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Authorities release additional information on weekend home invasion robbery, standoff Tuesday Nov 1, 2016 at 10:49 AM Nov 1, 2016 at 10:49 AM Jose Quintero Staff Writer @dd_jquintero APPLE VALLEY — One of four suspects, all from Apple Valley, arrested after a home invasion robbery that led to a standoff with authorities over the weekend is expected to appear in court for arraignment. Two others arrested on suspicion of buying or receiving a stolen vehicle or equipment have posted bail and the other suspect was not found during a search of booking logs and arrest records. Tyshon Maleke Harmon, 21, arrested on suspicion of possessing marijuana for sale, is expected to be arraigned in a Victorville courtroom Tuesday afternoon, booking records show. Both James Fitzgerald Garrett and James Williams, 18, who has an alias of Saffar Williams, have have been released from custody. Garrett, 27, posted bail and was released from custody Monday morning. Williams was released from custody early Tuesday morning after posting bail, booking records show. Robert Clark is the other suspect arrested in connection to the robbery. But booking records did not yield any results on Tuesday. San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department Apple Valley Station spokeswoman Trish Hill did not immediately return a message left by the Daily Press on Tuesday. The robbery occurred at approximately 7:30 p.m. on Saturday at a home in the 14000 block of Apple Valley Rd. “Four male suspects forced entry to the victims' residence by kicking the front door,” sheriff’s officials said in a statement. “While inside, the suspects pointed guns at the victims and threatened to kill them. They also ransacked the residence looking for valuables and struck the victims with a handgun and fists. Both victims later received medical treatment for injuries. The suspects loaded the victims' property into their vehicle and also stole one of the victims' cars and fled the location.” Deputies arrived and learned the victim’s vehicle was equipped with GPS and tracked it to a home in the 12700 block of High Vista Street in Victorville. The Sheriff's Aviation unit located the stolen vehicle in that area and observed several people standing around the car, authorities said. When deputies arrived all the suspects ran from the car. Two were apprehended in the neighborhood and the aviation unit saw two suspects run inside a nearby home. Authorities established a perimeter and made announcements for the occupants of the home to exit. “Some of the residents exited the house. It was determined at least one of the outstanding suspects was still inside. Deputies from the Specialized Enforcement Division were requested and responded to the location,” sheriff’s officials said. Clark walked out of the home “after several hours” and was taken into custody. Authorities forced entry at approximately 7 a.m. on Sunday and say they found Harmon hiding in the attic of the home. “The victims' vehicle was recovered at Clark's home,” sheriff’s officials said. “Some of the victims' property was recovered from another car parked at the location.” Harmon was being held at High Desert Detention Center in Adelanto in lieu of $50,000 bail, booking records show. The investigation is ongoing and anyone with information is asked to call the Victor Valley Sheriff’s Station at 760-240-7400. Those wishing to remain anonymous can call the WeTip hotline at 800-782-7436 or visit www.wetip.com. Jose Quintero may be reached at 760-955-5332 or JQuintero@DesertDispatch.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DD_JQuintero. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Gaming Reviews Tech News Home Tech Tech News iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Jet Black has a problem but this is why it's good news for Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Jet Black has a problem but this is why it's good news for Apple APPLE'S iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Jet Black model was launched back in September and some models are proving very hard to get hold of. By Dave Snelling / Published 3rd November 2016 DAILY STAR ONLINE ISSUE: The Phone 7 Plus is proving so popular it now has 3-4 week waiting time to buy one Apple fans who are desperate to get hold of a new iPhone 7 Plus are facing a long wait. The US tech giant unveiled its new smartphones back in September and they are proving incredibly popular. All of the UK mobile operators have run out of the iPhone 7 Plus and even Apple has a three week wait to buy one. Things get worse if you want the stunning Jet Black model with Apple currentluy showing a 4-6 week shipping time. One EE customer told Daily Star Online that he had been waiting over a month for his 128GB iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black and still hadn't received it. Other iPhone fans have taken to Twitter to moan about the delay with one saying: "42 days since pre ordering my iPhone 7 plus @ee. "I'm fed up of friends asking why I haven't got it now, I feel like they think I'm lying!" iPhone 7 Plus review camera test - how good is the Apple's new dual-lens snapper Tuesday, 13th September 2016 DAILY STAR ONLINE has got our hands on Apple's latest iPhone 7 Plus and here's how the new dual-lens performs. 1 / 9 DAILY STAR ONLINE Apple iPhone 7 Plus review camera test “Demand looks extremely strong on both products but particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus” Tim Cook, Apple CEO Although Apple isn't commenting on the iPhone 7 Plus shipping times, Tim Cook recently commented on the high demand during an investors call. When asked if the iPhone would hit supply/demand by the end of the next quarter the Apple boss said: “It’s hard to say, “I believe that on iPhone 7 we will, on iPhone 7 Plus I’m not sure. "I wouldn’t say yes at this point because the underlying demand looks extremely strong on both products but particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus vs our forecast going into the product launch.” With iPhone sales having been in decline over the past year, the launch of the 7 and 7 Plus appears to have reinvigorated the market and this is clearly good news for Apple. Daily Star Online recently gave the iPhone 7 Plus a five star review and with the new dual camera and water resistant design it's definitely worth the wait. Apple has recently updated every iPhone 7 Plus which now includes the impressive Portrait Mode. These DSLR-style images are captured by using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus simultaneously, with some clever software then separating the background from the foreground to achieve the cool effect. CHECK OUT THE PORTRAIT MODE BELOW APPLE Apple also has another new product about to hit stores. The new MacBook Pro was announced last week and includes a faster processor, improved Retina display and new Touch Bar. This clever multi-touch Retina display replaces the function keys that usually run across the top of the MacBook Pro keyboard. Unlike these traditional keys, the Touch Bar adapts and changes to the app you're using – bringing interactive ways to adjust or browse through content. It also includes a Touch ID fingerprint scanner which unlocks the laptop without the need for a password. Related articles MacBook Pro 2016 - FIVE reasons why you'll want to buy Apple's new laptop Google Pixel XL review - Ultimate Android experience comes at a cost MacBook Pro UK deals - Apple laptops best price and how to grab a bargain Comments Tech News More Tinder Down - dating app not working for thousands of users across the world TINDER is down tonight with the app not working and thousand left unable to log on. Your secret online porn history could soon be available for ev... Black Friday 2016 - Amazon sales begin TODAY - here's the best... Samsung Galaxy S8: Samsung's next smartphone could feature thi... Black Friday 2016 - ultimate guide to Amazon, Tesco, Argos and... Samsung Gear S3: UK price and release date for this great smar... Android Nougat Samsung Galaxy S7 edge - here's how to download it Black Friday 2016 - Argos early sales begin with huge deals on... Internet in meltdown as Facebook wrongly declares people DEAD Tech News More Black Friday 2016 - Argos announces huge week of deals how to make sure you don't miss out ARGOS Black Friday sales 2016 will start next week with huge savings expected on top tech, games, toys and gadgets - here's when the sale starts. PS4 Pro price and how much should you spend on the ultimate 4K TV The Grand Tour - Amazon hides some big show secrets but here's... When is Amazon Black Friday 2016? Biggest sale ever revealed a... MacBook Pro UK - why now could be your last chance to grab a b... How to buy Hatchimals UK - Tesco Direct, Argos and Toys R Us b... If you get this invoice from Sonos on your iPhone DON'T open it There's now a much cheaper way to an iPhone from Apple Black Friday 2016 - Smyths toys early deals with top gifts and... Tech News More Google Daydream View UK - VR headset goes on sale this week and here's how to get one GOOGLE has just launched its new Pixel smartphone and it's now about to release the clever Daydream View VR headset. If this iPhone 7 rumour is true you might want to wait before ... Thinking of buying a new 4K TV? Why now could be the best time... Black Friday 2016 Tesco Direct deals - how to make sure you do... WhatsApp finally gets the feature you've all been waiting for ... Virgin Media is offering the ultimate deal for WhatsApp fans a... The Grand Tour - Amazon Black friday sales 2016 could make it ... Amazon Black Friday 2016 - big savings coming to the UK and de... Black Friday 2016 - get Sky Q FREE for a year with this early ... Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Rugby League Motorsport Boxing Racing Other Rugby World Cup UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV X Factor Strictly I'm A Celebrity Music Movies Britain's Got Talent Big Brother Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Diet & Fitness Love & Sex Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Just Jane Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Family Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Sounds like Apple’s wireless AirPods won’t be available for Christmas Kif Leswing Nov. 1, 2016, 1:11 PM 3,671 facebook linkedin twitter email print Hollis Johnson/Business Insider AirPods, the wireless earbud headphones Apple launched alongside the headphone jack-less iPhone 7, won't go on sale in 2016. That's according to MacRumors, which cites the Chinese-language Economic Daily Times writing about Inventec, an Apple supplier.  "Apple originally planned to release the AirPods at the end of October, but has postponed release. Inventec is expected to begin shipping AirPods in January 2017, the paper noted." Apple Insider says its source says "no way that these are getting pushed to January." While it's a bummer for everyone who was hoping to find a pair of the cordless white earbuds underneath the Christmas tree, it's probably a good thing for the product in the long run. The review unit provided by Apple that Business Insider tried has some glitches. Sometimes the audio cuts out, for example.  Apple originally said that AirPods would go on sale in "late October." Last week, it provided a statement pushing the release date back for an undetermined time. Apple did not immediately return a request seeking clarification on when the AirPods will go on sale. When it initially announced the delay last week, Apple said: “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers." Here's what AirPods look like in your ears: Hollis Johnson/Business Insider Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: REVIEW: Apple's new AirPods are a mixed bag NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Apple AirPods Markets Insider Bluetooth facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Sounds like Apple’s wireless AirPods won’t be available for Christmas Sounds like Apple’s wireless AirPods won’t be available for Christmas AirPods, the wireless earbud headphones Apple... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Software/Gallery MobileSoftware iOS 10.2 beta 1 Public Beta now available By Todd Haselton | November 1, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple kicked the tires on iOS 10.2 beta 1 yesterday when it released the forthcoming update to developers. Now anyone can jump in and give the new software a try, thanks to the release of the iOS 10.2 beta 1 public beta, which was just released. You’ll need to enroll in Apple’s Public Beta to give it a whirl, but that takes just a few seconds and is relatively easy to do. Just keep in mind that betas, particularly the first beta of any kind, can be super buggy. You probably don’t want this running on your primary device. iOS 10.2 beta 1 offers exciting changes iOS 10.2 has some exciting new features that we detailed yesterday, including new emoji, a widget for the videos app, several new wallpapers and other functions. One standout feature is the “Preserve Camera” setting, which lets you jump right into the camera settings you last used. That’s perfect for folks who always want to use Portrait mode, for example. Each time they launch the camera, boom, they’re in portrait mode. Test the new public beta at your own risk, and let us know if you spot any hidden changes. Topics #Apple #iOS 10.2 #iOS 10.2 beta 1 Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why an Apple Music Price Drop Doesn't Make Sense Amazon Music Unlimited isn't a direct threat. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Nov 1, 2016 at 1:36PM Image source: Apple. Yesterday, Digital Music News reported that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is seriously considering a major price drop. The reduction could be upwards of 20%, which would lower the monthly price from $10 to $8. The site is quick to point out that its sources are not within Apple, but instead have been working with Apple on the service since its launch last year. The move is also being framed as a potential defense to Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) new Music Unlimited service that launched in October. As with all Apple rumors, the standard caveats apply that these plans aren't finalized and are just preliminary discussions at this point. That being said, let's consider if a price drop would make sense for the Mac maker's streaming music service. Pricing leaks are rare First off, let's acknowledge how rare it is to see any leak regarding pricing strategy. We're all accustomed to product-based leaks that tease what gadgets Apple has in the pipeline, alongside any particularly interesting features. That's largely a function of Apple's global supply chain, and it's pretty tough to manufacture millions of physical products without anyone catching wind. There are simply too many workers to keep product details from leaking. But pricing is different. There isn't really physical evidence when it comes to deciding how much to charge for a product or service. The sources here are supposedly privy to pricing discussions that Apple is having. But at what cost? The potential price drop is $2 per month on both the individual and family rates. The student rate of $5 per month would remain unchanged. Rate Current Possible New Individual $9.99 per month $7.99 per month Family $14.99 per month $12.99 per month Source: Digital Music News. Considering the fact that Apple Music had about 17 million paid subscribers in early September, a $2 discount per month translates into a little over $100 million in lost revenue per quarter. While that's not exactly the kind of money that CEO Tim Cook loses sleep over, it's important that Digital Music News says that Apple would be covering that cost itself. The record labels aren't willing to concede on their cut, so Apple would foot the bill related to any discount. Amazon is reportedly doing likewise, which is completely characteristic of the e-commerce giant's aggressive ways. However, Amazon Music Unlimited also costs $10 per month for non-Prime members. Prime members can subscribe for $8 per month, but that's in addition to the $99 per year Prime subscription fee. Of course, Prime comes with a lot of bundled benefits, making any direct comparisons hard. This is why an Apple Music price cut doesn't make sense, since it seems unnecessary. If Amazon's stand-alone Music Unlimited were undercutting Apple, it'd be a different story. But it's not. I don't see Music Unlimited as much of a threat to Apple Music. The main category of potential defectors would be Prime members. Sure, there are tens of millions of them with substantial overlap with Apple's customer base, but Music Unlimited won't integrate across all Apple devices as seamlessly. Perhaps more importantly, what kind of message would that send to the market? It wouldn't look good if Apple announced a price cut just over a year after launch. Apple Music launched in June 2015, and the three-month free trial meant that it didn't start billing until September 2015. Apple wins friends in the record industry with its efforts to preserve value perception, something it controversially did with the e-book market and publishers a few years back. The music industry would certainly prefer people to value music services more rather than less. Apple should stand pat. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 1:36PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $719.07 down $-19.94 (-2.70%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals News Apple Music could get a lot cheaper Apple Music could get a lot cheaper By James Rogerson Mobile phones   Spotify should be scared Shares At $9.99/£9.99/AU$11.99 each month we wouldn’t exactly call Apple Music expensive, given that it provides unlimited access to millions of songs. But it could be getting significantly cheaper, with a price drop of up to 20% possibly in the works. That’s according to Digital Music News, which claims to have heard it from “a pair of sources working closely with the streaming service.” The site only talks about Apple Music’s US pricing, so it’s not clear if this would apply to the rest of the world, but supposedly the single person rate could drop to $7.99 (presumably £7.99/AU$9.59), while family packages could drop from $14.99/£14.99/AU$17.99 to $12.99 (likely £12.99/AU$15.59). Student memberships would supposedly remain at $4.99/£4.99/AU$5.99. The new rate could apparently start as a promotional discount over Christmas, but those subscribing at the new rate are likely to hold onto it permanently, while existing users may also be transitioned to the new rate. Find out what's going on with the 12-inch MacBook Thank Amazon The move is supposedly motivated by steep competition from Amazon Music Unlimited, which offers US Prime members a $7.99 (around £6.50/AU$10) monthly membership, which drops to just $3.99 (roughly £3.50/AU$5) if you only stream to an Amazon Echo. Amazon Music Unlimited is currently US-only, but it’s expanding to the UK and elsewhere before the end of the year, which suggests Apple’s own price drop won’t be limited to the US either. That is, if it happens at all. Digital Music News doesn’t have a flawless track record with Apple leaks and its sources aren’t inside Apple; the site also notes that the changes are still under discussion. Record labels also surely aren’t going to want to lose income as a result of the change, so Apple could have to cover the difference itself, potentially losing money in the short term.  So with all that in mind we’re not convinced  it will happen, but if it does it could give Apple Music the lift it needs to become the dominant force in streaming audio. For now, Spotify is still king Related news A guide to Minecraft: Education Edition Pokemon Go updates: everything you need to know about what's coming next HoloLens for tanks will augment the reality of war Huawei Fit leaks with e-ink screen and heart rate smarts See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 2 PS4 vs Xbox One: which is better? 3 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 4 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 5 10 best Bluetooth speakers available today 1 Spotify could be filling your computer's storage up with junk 2 MIT let an AI loose on the web - what could possibly go wrong? 3 Watch out for the iPhone’s 911 bug 4 Think iPhones are too expensive? Apple starts selling them for 15% off 5 Best smartwatches that may be worth picking up on Black Friday TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null
null
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Analyst Says iPhone 7 Demand Has Peaked Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Samsung Acquires Harman for $8 Billion Apple SVP Phil Schiller Says Multi-Touch on an iMac 'Becomes Absurd' Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 3 [Download] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Review Roundup [Video] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta 3 to Developers [Download] Microsoft Announces Visual Studio for Mac Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers With TV App[Download] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Shipping Gold Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 Costs Over $3000 [Photo] Google Play Music is Now Smarter, Easier to Use, More Assistive Apple AirPods to Enter Production in December? Apple to Release 5-inch and 5.8-inch iPhone With Bezel-Less Design, Curved Edges? Apple to Release Three New iPad Pros in March Including 10.9-inch Bezel-Free Model? 51 New Emoji Proposed for Unicode 10 1Password Gets Touch Bar and Touch ID Support on the New MacBook Pro YouTube App Gets New Dream Filter, Improved Search, More Tim Cook: Proud to Work Alongside Veterans at Apple [Photo] Apple Releases New iBooks StoryTime App for Apple TV MacBook Pro Touch Bar Uses Samsung OLED, Future Models Could Use OLED for Screen [Report] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted November 1, 2016 at 4:47pm by iClarified · 4515 views · Translate Apple has reportedly used a Samsung OLED for its new MacBook Pro Touch Bar and is looking into using OLED for the display as well, according to ETNews. According to an industry on the 31st, Apple installed Samsung Display’s OLED panel for touch screen bar for its new MacBook Pro. This panel is rigid-type OLED that is produced from Samsung Display’s A2 Line. It is heard that Driver IC was supplied by Samsung Electronics’ System LSI Business Department and that its design was partially changed to link between a laptop and a touch bar. “A reason why Apple has applied OLED panel to MacBook Pro’s touch bar is due to thickness of OLED panel.” said a representative for an industry. “Due to OLED panel’s structure, its thickness is three times thinner than LCD panel that has BLU (Back-Light Unit).” Apple is also said to be considering OLED to replace LCD on future generation MacBooks and other major products. “Apple is currently looking into ways of using OLED panels for MacBooks and testing their performance.” said a different representative. ETNews believes Apple will rely more on Samsung for OLED displays in the future as the company has focused on producing small and medium size panels; whereas, LG Display has been supplying high resolution LTPS LCDs. It's said that both Sharp and LG are investing more resources into OLED in hopes of capturing future Apple orders. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (9) Add Comment Mang Domeng - November 2, 2016 at 2:40pm Wish Apple will not use OLEDs in their iPhones, iPads and Macbook screens. OLEDs are oversaturated screens unlike IPS screens which displays accurate color representations. The only downside of IPS displays they are power hungry than OLEDs. For me I would still prefer IPS screens because it is like I said more accurate than OLEDs which is needed in print and design field. For ordinary consumers I always see they prefer OLED screens because they like brighter colors making images look fake. Let the OLED technology just stay in the Touch Bar. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam . - November 2, 2016 at 2:43pm I agree. It's as good as it looks as it is now. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Ching cheung opatmetris - November 1, 2016 at 10:07pm apple really behind Samsung, touch screen appears almost in every laptops, and apple just started having gimmick touch bar, and buy from Samsung too. So Samsung is the mother of the inovation of that technology. apple is really behind time, if you want future technology just buy Samsung Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Clink Clang gangwiress - November 1, 2016 at 10:31pm Apple not really behind. Touch screens are in every laptops because Microsoft did it just like running Windows. This so-called gimmick touch bar is actually a touchscreen at your fingertips and can be functional keys to and has enough to use iOS functions and can even be used with trackpad. Samsung originated because of father Apple. They didn't make the touch bat though thereby not as innovative. Apple not really behind at all. Apple is what future tech truly is. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam odedo1 - November 2, 2016 at 3:27pm Yes it's nice and yes people will buy and play with it for a couple of weeks and then forget about it and stop dropping their eyes off the screen and start using the mouse again, a waist of money buying this Dongle Pro, I was so waiting for a new Mac now I prefer to stay with my old one. If you want to see innovation watch this https://youtu.be/A6KDpHvg1wQ it really saddens me. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 4 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
MenuClose NEWS COMMENT ADVERTISE Twitter NEWS COMMENT ADVERTISE Twitter Logitech’s K380 is an ideal replacement for Apple’s wireless bluetooth keyboard November 1, 2016- Martin Hoscik Over the weekend disaster struck – I was part way through writing an article when my Apple Wireless keyboard suddenly went haywire, inserting random spacings and characters into the text I was working on. Actually, it wasn’t entirely sudden – over the past couple of weeks whenever my Mac was woken up after a period of rest the password field would fill with characters and the only way to break the flow was to remove the batteries from the keyboard. When it started ghost typing on Sunday I tried using it with my MacBook to eliminate the possibility of the fault being on my Mac but that only caused more issues – the second I’d paired the two, the laptop screen brightness turned down to the very lowest level. Only by removing the batteries from the external keyboard again could I use the MacBook’s own keyboard to return the screen to a usable level of brightness. Clearly seven years of Monday-Friday and, often, Saturday and Sunday working had proven too much for Apple’s precision engineering and attention to detail design. Sadly Apple has stopped selling the wireless keyboard and now only offers its new ‘Magic’ model which costs an eye-watering, budget-blowing £99 – a sum I was just unwilling to pay, especially given that the firm has saddled the product with a non-removable, rechargeable battery. The model I had, like most on the market, uses swappable, standard AA batteries and, as an adult, I get the choice between keeping a spare pair of rechargeable batteries close by, or using throwaway ones. Either way, if I run out of power I can be back to work within seconds just by swapping out the batteries. But a built-in battery isn’t as flexible. Run out of juice and you’re either forced to stop work or, in a move which removes the whole point of spending £100 on a wireless keyboard, plugging it onto you’re Mac’s USB port to charge while you’re working. By the way, here’s the problem if you wanted to do that while using the matching ‘Magic’ mouse’: At least you can charge the new Magic Mouse and use it at the same time. Wait… pic.twitter.com/GuJzw4qnxq — Mike Rundle (@flyosity) October 13, 2015 So what to do when the brand you normally buy a) shoves its prices up to insane levels and b) makes a product that’s less convenient and unlikely to last as long because it has a fixed battery which will eventually lose capacity? I could have bought any number of cheap Apple Wireless keyboard clones from Amazon but was put off by the low star reviews many were given and the obviously poor build quality that even the official sales pictures made no effort to mask. Was there possibly an affordable, well built, big brand keyboard which would suit my needs? Thankfully the answer was yes. Finishing my article had meant connecting my also-wireless Logitech Keys-to-Go keyboard to my Mac Mini rather than the iPad it was designed to work with. By the way – if you’ve not heard of the Keys-to-Go it is THE BEST mobile keyboard ever made. Thin, light, waterproof and simple to pair, it offers a far more comfortable typing position than any of the keyboard cases because, unlike them, it doesn’t clamp on to the iPad and therefore force you to type while looking down on an oddly angled screen. Also it slips nicely into my rucksack, the battery charge seems to last forever and at least two separate, slightly careless coffee shop servers have been pleased to discover the claims of waterproofness are true. Even when tested by hot chocolate. So with Apple pricing and designing themselves out of contention, and the cheap Amazon copies not appealing, I had a look at what Logitech could offer and, after reading some reviews, settled on this, the K380: Unlike Apple’s offering, it is unashamedly plastic but it’s also £65 cheaper – or more if you get it via Amazon rather than Argos as I did because of the pressing need to get on with work. Anyone else used to the Apple Wireless keyboard may be interested to know that the K380 is virtually the same size and the key spacing, despite the use of slightly quirky round keys, is pretty much identical to Apple’s model too. This makes it an ideal alternative to the newer Magic keyboard as there’s very little familiarisation needed, though some people might find that the greater key travel and slightly spongier feel takes a little time to get used to. Because it’s not a dedicated Apple model some of the key functions aren’t replicated – there’s no function key pre-programmed to adjust screen brightness for example, and there’s no eject key. But given all Macs now lack an optical drive the last of these is unlikely to be an issue for many, and most monitors’ brightness can normally be easily tweaked. For anyone seeing these omissions as ‘deal breakers’, Apple is standing by ready and willing to part you from your cash. While I’m not fussed by them, I would have appreciated an on-key CAPS LOCK indicator instead of the onscreen and toolbar notification you can set-up using the optional, downloadable settings software. Non-Mac users can also enjoy the K380 as its designed to work with Windows, iOS, Mac OS, Chrome OS or Android devices and can instantly recognise which operating system it’s been connected to. Even better, the keyboard has three ‘device’ keys which allow you to assign a specific device or operating system to each of them meaning you don’t need to endlessly re-pair when you want to use it with another computer or tablet. While it’s inevitably heavier than the wafer-thin Keys-to-Go, the Logitech K380 is light enough that it won’t add much to your bag’s heft and being able to use the same keyboard on multiple devices can only boost productivity for workers who alternate between their desk and the cramped confines of a coffee shop or railway carriage. Initially, after years of only buying ‘official’ accessories I was wary about buying a non-Apple keyboard but as soon as I opened the packaging and started typing I knew the Logitech K380 and I were going to get along just fine. It’s not as sexy as the Apple model but it’s a lot more wallet-friendly, more versatile and has a good, reassuring build quality that gives me hope that I’ll still be using it a few years time. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related About Martin Hoscik Martin has written about TV, film, telecoms and technology for more than 20 years and has previously contributed to several consumer magazines, as well as commentating on TV and radio about the UK's media industry. He is currently the editor of SEENIT and sister site STREAMEDTV. You can follow him on Twitter @martinhoscik SPONSORED VIDEO Recent FROM : streamedTV How to watch The Grand Tour – Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May’s new Amazon show Martin Freeman’s latest TV series is coming to Amazon Prime Video Clarkson, Hammond and May to end their Grand Tour in Dubai Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May’s Grand Tour to visit Loch Ness RECENT ADDITIONS Virgin Media to connect 360,000 additional Scottish homes and businesses to ultrafast broadband November 14, 2016 By Staff And the most popular on-screen game Is… November 14, 2016 By Staff Plusnet goes quad-play with launch new mobile phone brand November 14, 2016 By Martin Hoscik Amazon Music Unlimited goes live in the UK November 14, 2016 By Martin Hoscik FEATURED Add free WiFi to your smartphone and tablet Jeremy Clarkson’s The Grand Tour is coming this November – here’s how to watch Openreach confirms trials to boost broadband speeds for remote communities The Force is strong at Cineworld as Star Wars leads profit surge NOW INCORPORATING Kobo, iBooks and Kindle news ADVERTISING OPPORTUNITIES We’re pleased to offer a number of advertising opportunities to high quality brands including sponsored content, competitions and advertising placements. Please contact us for details. MORE FROM US Contact Us · Copyright · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy 2016 © MayorWatch Publications Limited · 20-22 Wenlock Road · London N1 7GU · Company Number 6291816 seenit.co.uk uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our site. Accept If you continue without changing your browser settings, we'll assume that you agree to our use of cookies. Read our privacy policy. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 1 AAPL: 111.49 -2.05 Apple releases first iOS 10.2 public beta with new emoji, wallpapers, more Zac Hall - 2 weeks ago @apollozac iOS 10 iOS iOS 10.12 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the first public beta version of iOS 10.2 for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Previously only available to registered developers for testing, iOS 10.2 includes several upcoming features like Unicode 9.0 emoji, iPhone 7 wallpapers, and new camera features. Apple’s public beta program is free to participate in unlike its paid developer program. iOS 10.2 will be released to everyone in the future, and the public beta allows more users to test pre-release versions of the software update before it’s finalized. Apple releases first iOS 10.2, watchOS 3.1.1, tvOS 10.1 and macOS 10.12.2 betas w/ new emoji, wallpapers, more Here are the new emoji included in iOS 10.2 [Gallery] These are the changes discovered in iOS 10.2 beta: Three new wallpapers in iOS 10.2 beta (only for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus) New widget for Videos app New Preserve Camera setting New emoji (looks like Unicode 9.0 update/also on macOS 10.12.2, watchOS 3.1.1) New ‘Press and Hold to Speak’ menu under Home Button Accessibility settings New ‘Celebration’ Messages screen effect New ‘Show Star Ratings’ option under Music Settings New headphone icon in status bar for Bluetooth audio devices (previously seen with the Beats Solo3) For a detailed walkthrough on how to install the iOS 10.2 public beta, check out Jeff Benjamin‘s video tutorial below or read the full guide here: Guides iOS 10 iOS 10 is the latest operating system for Apple's iPhone and iPad, slated to be released to the public in the fall of 2016 View THe Guide iOS View THe Guide iOS 10.12 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Releases First iOS 10.2 Beta to Public Beta Testers With New Emoji, Wallpapers and More Tuesday November 1, 2016 10:57 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, just one over one week after releasing the first major iOS 10 update, iOS 10.1, and one day after providing the iOS 10.2 beta to developers. Beta testers who have signed up for Apple's beta testing program will receive the iOS 10 beta update over-the-air after installing the proper certificate on their iOS device. Those who want to be a part of Apple's beta testing program can sign up to participate through the beta testing website, which gives users access to both iOS and macOS Sierra betas. Betas are not stable and include many bugs, so they should be installed on a secondary device. iOS 10.2, as a major 10.x update, includes several new features to enhance iOS 10. New emoji have been added, introducing Unicode 9 characters like clown face, drooling face, selfie, face palm, fox face, owl, shark, butterfly, avocado, pancakes, croissant, and more, plus many profession emoji available in both male and female genders. Apple has also updated the artwork on many existing emoji, adding detail and making them look less cartoonish and more realistic. In addition to new emoji, the 10.2 update includes new wallpaper, new Music sorting options, a new "Celebrate" Screen Effect," an option for preserving camera settings, a Videos widget, and more. Related Roundup: iOS 10 [ 187 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) ginkobiloba 2 weeks ago Good to see Apple devoting so much ressources to emojis. Cause, you know, that's the most important thing users need right now....It's not like competitors are making Surface Studios and stuff like that... Rating: 50 Votes DaveOP 2 weeks ago Good to see Apple devoting so much ressources to emojis. Cause, you know, that's the most important thing users need right now....It's not like competitors are making Surface Studios and stuff like that... I am sure that the team enabling Unicode Emoji is the EXACT SAME TEAM that would do the industrial design and engineering needed to develop a Surface Studio competitor. Rating: 38 Votes DJLAXL 2 weeks ago Why people bother to come on MR just to b*tch, complain, and just bring negativity is annoying as hell. Show them where it hurts....with your wallets. Don't like the products? Buy something else which offers more to your liking. Don't like software updates? Go to Android where your phone carrier dictates when you get updates. **You all also do realize that the emojis are accepted/updated by a Unicode Consortium right? Apple just adds them to align with the Unicode 9....but I assume you'd complain and cry about it anyway*** Rating: 29 Votes StandardFlint 2 weeks ago These fools. When will they realize that we need an emoji to express our dislike of emojis. Rating: 23 Votes RedOrchestra 2 weeks ago iOS 10 ... the Emoji release. Rating: 16 Votes sennys 2 weeks ago New Emoji! Yay! That's what I needed! ;) Rating: 15 Votes procrastinasn 2 weeks ago Good to see Apple devoting so much ressources to emojis. Cause, you know, that's the most important thing users need right now....It's not like competitors are making Surface Studios and stuff like that... You're so right. Because: 1. software engineers know how to update hardware 2. many people don't use Emojis 3. many people can afford $3000 desktop machines /s Why do people constantly have to bring up the Surface Studio, regardless of the main post? It's such a niche product, and in this case, way more niche than Emoji. Let me guess, you're probably not going to buy the Studio, right? Rating: 15 Votes Michaelgtrusa 2 weeks ago Emojis!!!!! I can think of better things that users want and need. [doublepost=1478020096] Rating: 13 Votes ck2875 2 weeks ago The new iMessage effect looks pretty good actually. I mean I get why iMessage isn't cross platform after seeing it, as well. If you were to send that sparks effect to someone with a Note 7, they would think their phone was beginning to explode. Rating: 13 Votes aUniqueName 2 weeks ago Good to see Apple devoting so much ressources to emojis. Cause, you know, that's the most important thing users need right now....It's not like competitors are making Surface Studios and stuff like that... Surface Studio looks flashy and "cool" until you realize its worthless unless you are an artist. And the machine is too underpowered to do any real 3D modeling on. Someone said ".... and hololens is awesome!" - hololens is an expensive but worthless toy. It has to be connected to a PC to work... so are you going to toss a laptop in your backpack, then run the cable from the backpack the hololens and walk around in public like robocop? you would look dumb as hell. I am fascinated how many people on here want Apple to come up with a new invention every year - they don't just appreciate the fact that Apple has the most advanced tech ecosystem in existence. Microsoft nor Google can touch the apple ecosystem and I don't mean iTunes and iCloud. All the continuity features, the way apple devices communicate and work with each other like they are extensions of one another. Are apple laptops and iPhones expensive? sure - but the price is worth it to me for the quality. Go pick up a android phone or windows phone - they are plastic pieces of crap. Go purchase a Windows laptop then try to sell it a year later - it holds no resale value because nobody wants a used windows PC of any kind. Yet a used MacBook will bring top dollar on eBay. But back to the Apple ecosystem - Android phones and Windows machines are isolated machines that don't actually communicate with any other device, unlike all the devices in Apples ecosystem... Examples: * being able to send and receive SMS text messages from your iPhone on your mac using a full sized keyboard...(and being able to answer calls on your mac - yes I do this when i have headphones attached to the mac) * universal copy and paste * being able to start something on one device and finish it on another (handoff) * using your iPhone as a remote for the apple tv (and being able to use the iPhone keyboard to type things in a search bar on the apple TV, or for that matter being able to use voice control for your apple TV) * being able to load up iTunes songs on your apple watch and use a wireless headset to listen to watch iTunes during a workout so you don't have to take your phone with you * purchasing apps on macOS that have companion controls surfaces for iPad Apple is the ONLY one that has a COMPLETE device and software ecosystem. And while the things on my list sounds like small things individually, together they make the Apple ecosystem BY FAR the best by a long shot. Microsoft can't even come close to touching these things and Google is even further away because they don't even have a desktop OS. All you people saying Apple are losers and all that now - you are mentally ill or dumb (or both). Go ahead and sell all your apple stuff and go buy a windows PC and an android phone... you will soon realize how ****** those are and will most likely come back to apple with great haste. Rating: 11 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 10 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Vandalism shuts down Charter Spectrum internet service for parts of Apple Valley Tuesday Nov 1, 2016 at 9:58 AM Nov 1, 2016 at 9:59 AM Rene Ray De La Cruz Staff Writer @DP_ReneDeLaCruz APPLE VALLEY — A Charter Spectrum official said vandalism was the cause of service outages to one portion of the Victor Valley. Dennis Johnson, the director of West Regional Communications for Charter Spectrum, told the Daily Press company engineers were working to quickly repair fiber optic cables that were cut by vandals early Monday. The majority of Charter Internet, cable TV and phone services in Apple Valley had been restored by late Monday, according to Johnson, who added that the company appreciates its customer’s patience as crews work to complete restoration. Several individuals in Apple Valley told the Daily Press the outage affected them, including Town spokeswoman Kathie Martin. Martin told the Daily Press Town Hall had been without external phones and email since they opened Monday morning. She also remarked that an email from Charter to the town revealed that vandalism was the cause of the outage. Maria Kirk was one of several seniors who said the outage prevented her family from refilling drug prescriptions and obtaining medical care. “My sister could not see the doctor and I couldn’t get my medication because they told us their computers were down,” said Kirk, who lives in the Mariana area of Apple Valley. “The doctor and pharmacy is clean over by St. Mary’s Hospital and it was a wasted trip.” Resident Nanci Saad said the Apple-Bear Center on Bear Valley Road in Apple Valley was “a ghost town” due to Internet problems, adding that her pharmacy was open because they use Frontier Communications. Kirk said “something needs to be done” to insure that people that don’t have a cell phone have a way to contact “the outside world.” “Many of us don’t have a cellphone to call family or 911 if we encounter a medical emergency,” Kirk said. “Being without phone service puts us all in severe danger.” Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, RDeLa Cruz@VVDailyPress.com or on Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     AirPods may not ship until January 2017 By Christian Zibreg, Nov 1, 2016 Tweet 66 Comments After Apple shared disappointing news that the much vaunted AirPods aren’t quite ready yet and won’t meet its self-imposed late-October deadline, a new report from Chinese-language Economic Daily News re-published Tuesday by Taiwanese trade publication DigiTimes suggests that Apple’s first-ever wireless earphones may not actually go on sale before January of next year. Citing market watchers, the Chinese-language publication claims Apple supplier Inventec is expecting to achieve an annual growth of seven percent in 2017 while its earnings per share will also grow 35 percent “thanks to AirPods orders”. “Apple originally planned to release the AirPods at the end of October, but has postponed release,” reads the article. “Inventec is expected to begin shipping AirPods in January 2017,” the paper noted. Apple’s website now simply states that the AirPods are “coming soon” without providing any specific timeframe. Like a lot of consumers, most of us here at iDownloadBlog (but not everyone) are very excited for the AirPods so I guess we’ll have to wait longer than expected to get our hands on them. While any product delay is a disappointment, I’d rather Apple release them when they’re ready rather than kill goodwill by rushing out a half-baked product. Source: DigiTimes Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend AirPods production said to kick off in December iPhone 7 Plus could come bundled with Apple’s new AirPods Wireless Earphones AirPods could launch next week, according to this Apple reseller A short 15-minute boost from AirPods charging case equals three hours listening time Related Topics Accessories, AirPods, Apple, Bluetooth, DigiTimes, Headphones, News, Rumors, Supply, Wireless Chloe Elizabeth Wade Hopefully people will realize how shit they are by then and no1 buy them DT Coming from the guy who thinks he’s used a pair. Dude shut up. Chloe Elizabeth Wade 1) I’m not a guy 2) some early reviews say they have worse audio than earpods 3) on- or over-ear will always have better audio(especially low end which matters to me) than in ear DT Well good for you. Here’s an amazing idea. If you don’t like them, don’t buy them! Some people may like them. People like you are ridiculous anymore. Move on with your life dude. george How about you respect people who dislike them? DT Oh I am so sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt anyone’s feeling. Meanwhile, that clown is calling people dumbasses for buying them. Haha you’re a special kind of stupid. Luke These aren’t a product that has been marketed for a audiophile. These are for the people who want a minimalistic design without ANY cords. Me, I cannot wait for these to come out. I’m not looking for the best audio quality. I simply want EarPods (because hey are comfortable to wear) without a cord. I think it’s funny how other people complain about how ugly they are and how they looking sticking out of the ear, the same people who already use the EarPods that look the EXACT same. Jon20 Lol. I agree. The funny thing is that people are comparing the sound quality of AirPods to Bluetooth Headphones that are technically Ear Buds, which give a sort of noise cancellation quality because the tips are squeezed into your ear. This obviously provides a more insulated sound compared to the standard EarPods that just sit in your ear without the fixed earbud insulation you would normally get from Earbuds. So technically this sound quality comparison is not valid. You (this Chloe person) wouldn’t compare Solo 3’s with Power Beats 3. Totally different kinds of Headphones but still Bluetooth right? I agree with you on the minimalistic use of them. They would be great for me. And battery life is pretty good. Approx 5 hrs each, use one at a time and that’s 10 hrs plus charges from the battery case and that’s all day. That’s pretty good IMO. Chloe Elizabeth Wade Me buying in-ear headphones would be stupid it’d be like buying a Toyota when u can afford a Lamborghini and there’s no factor that automatically says u can’t buy one like needing more seats or whatever I don’t do anything that would warrant in-ear headphones which have worse battery life and audio I don’t work out or anything so may as well get superior on-ear ones therealjjohnson Toyota to a Lamborghini? I see your point but your example is too grossly differenced. burge Early reports from where ? WWDC only had early version so where are you getting your information from. Chloe Elizabeth Wade Some YouTubers who got review units early burge As you say early units so not the finished product then. Chloe Elizabeth Wade It probably won’t be much different burge You know this how ? Probably is not the same as will be. Chloe Elizabeth Wade Also I’m getting the solo3s bc in-ear will always have worse low end than on or over and I only listen to rap so a lot of low end is a must Chloe Elizabeth Wade And there’s exactly 0 reasons for me to buy in-ear style headphones as I don’t work out or anything Chloe Elizabeth Wade I think the extra $140 is way more worth it for better battery life better audio quality a bigger and harder to lose product and colors burge And something that doesn’t fit in your pocket. Chloe Elizabeth Wade Most people don’t want to put they’re headphones in my pocket at least me personally I always have em on burge And when you are not using them but have no where to put them. Nothing like walking around with something you have to carry. Your argument is based someone else’s opinion. Learn to judge for yourself. Especially when the units tested are early versions and not the sale items. Alan I think she’s judged for herself. No matter what tweaks Apple ultimately make between now and launch, I think it’s safe to say that the airpods will retain an in-ear design. Chloe prefers over-ear headphones, so I guess her decision is already made. burge But her opinion on these are not her opinions their someone else’s, and that’s on early versions not sale items. If she prefers over the head then that’s her choice but she’s saying that the Apple in ear wireless heads are are rubbish ( see her comments in this and other threads ) and yet she hasn’t used or tried or even held a pair of these for her self.. As I’ve said she judges a book by its cover. Chloe Elizabeth Wade In-ear wireless headphones cost way more than they should tbh Alan I hate to be that guy; you’re wrestling an argument against overly-expensive earphones whilst saying you’re buying Beats Solo3 headphones. People will always have their preferences. There’s something to be said for the extra tech you can pack into larger, over-ear designs. Equally, the convenience of wireless earphones will always attract customers. Chloe Elizabeth Wade I’ll admit beats r a tad overpriced but I don’t think they’re AS overpriced as airpods I mean for what u pay u get a much bigger product = more material = more cost of production better battery and better audio Alan But again it’s still a balance of preference. Apple hasn’t marketed the AirPods as the best sounding earphones out there. Theyre wireless and that’s the point. With that, you’ll of course have to compromise on things like audio quality and battery life (who would buy wired headphones if the AirPods were better in every way?) but for the size, the battery life is pretty good. Chloe Elizabeth Wade Tbh I don’t buy in-ear headphones bc it would be stupid it’s like buying a Toyota when you could buy a Lamborghini and u can afford it and there’s no reason u would need more seats I don’t work out or anything so why would I buy in-ear headphones with worse audio and battery Alan I’m not trying to convince you to buy them – you have valid reasons for preferring the Solo3 option. Of course in your analogy, you would buy the Lamborghini if you could afford it, but it’s not a fair analogy because it assumes the Toyota (AirPods) has nothing to offer over the alternative. The convenience of wireless is the selling point here, and that’s where Apple’s focus is. As for the battery, you’d have to use them for more than 5 hours continuously before battery life becomes an issue. Chloe Elizabeth Wade They’re both wireless and both have w1. Alan The convenience of wireless – coupled with their small footprint, they’re very minimal and that is what Apple is hoping draws the attention here. You have your preference for over-ear, many have their preference for in-ear, runners among them. burge A tad over priced !! Rook HD very shallow look at how much a product is worth. In the world of technology, smaller product is usually more expensive as it requires more skills and tech to pack all those features into a smaller form. techfreak23 What exactly are you basing that claim on?? Do you even begin to understand what goes into making devices like these…? raulortiz318 Different use cases for everyone though. Over/on-ear can feel heavy and less mobile. I use the wireless noise cancelling Bose which have decent sound, but my ears sweat while doing housework, and they get tiring to wear after a while. Anyone who buys these, or most in-ear bluetooth buds, isn’t looking for the best sound, but a balance of light weight and decent sound. Again, that’s why there are different products out there for different users. No need to say anything is shit. PhoneTechJay Probably what they are pushing thr date back to fix who know Rob Bricknell Really! So you haves used them to give your unbiased opinion! Mike You don’t have to use it to know it will be bad. You are going to pay $100+ for basically low end wireless headphones. Please tell me how these are going to be better that what is out in the market right now. Rob Bricknell I can’t tell you they will be better or worse as iv not tried them yet. So I’ll wait till then until I say if they are good or not. But I still won’t pay £150 for them. So far the best set of Bluetooth headphone iv brought cost £30. burge So you do judge a book by its cover then. You haven’t tried them so what do you know. PhoneTechJay Better safe then sorry, samsung would’ve have them blowing peoples ears away bu rushing it. I don’t want a paortof my own but I can guarantee they will sale. More than the Apple watch presumably.. Jordan Ok, so I read through this whole thread, and found it amusing. Chloe, I am not going to take sides, and respect your preference to want the Beats over the AirPods, but I do not appreciate you calling them “shit”. You say you want to buy Beats because you like the low end, you also say that the AirPods are too costly because you are paying a lot for less MATERIAL AND COST FOR PRODUCTION. I hope that you understand that less material does not mean it costs less to make. Take for example the “Trash Can” Mac Pro, it is made out of a single small cylinder of metal, which is pressed to become larger and form into the right shape. This is remarkably simple, but innovative engineering that saves on the amount of material required to make the same product. Would you prefer to pay more for the same thing if it were made out of a larger cylinder of metal and produced more waste in the process? I doubt it. When you buy a product, you not only pay for the materials and the cost of production, but also the engineering that goes on to make it possible. Remember that it has to pay for the engineers and designers who’s sole purpose is to design the product you buy. There are many hidden costs, you seem to be unaware of. Now, for the low-end. In-Ear headphones (IEMs) are very capable in producing bass better than on or over ear headphones. They are also very sensitive and can produce very fine details, which may not come out with larger headphones. Admittedly, when you buy AirPods, or EarPods for that matter, you are NOT buying audio quality, you are buying an ecosystem, and ease of use, a product that should “just work”. When you buy Beats, you are also not buying audio quality, you are buying mostly everything I said above, plus the brand name and what it means. It would be like buying RayBans over some generic sunglasses that look almost exactly the same (ignore the cheap lens), you are paying for that label. “3) on- or over-ear will always have better audio(especially low end which matters to me) than in ear”. Absolutely NOT TRUE, and also, if you wanted audio quality in the first place. You wouldn’t buy Beats. IMO, they sound muddy and foggy. Do you wear glasses? If you do, take them, and take some sandpaper to the lenses and put them on. That would be a bit of an visual analogy for how the Beats sound TO ME (preference is subjective). Here is an example of where IEMs out do larger headphones, and are cheaper as well. The Sennheiser IE80 are about $75 cheaper than the Beats Solo3, and are much more detailed, clear, and provide a significant amount for bass. It even has a bass dial, if you want to go crazy low end. Also, if you are not doing any exercise with the headphones, then why not buy something nicer? Oppo PM3s are about a $100 more expensive than Beats Solo3s, but are incredibly nice Planar Magnetic Headphones, with a beautiful industrial design. So, in summation, you buying IEMs rather than a on/over ears, is more like you buying a motor bike over a car. Both can be incredibly awesome, given a price point, but should not be compared 1 to 1 against each other. You should respect that AirPods serve a purpose, and so do Beats, and that they are different in many ways. Before you go about making statements such as “Hopefully people will realize how shit they are by then and no1 buy them”, realise that there is a target market, and that you are not in it, so it makes no sense for you to buy it, but that does not make it “shit” for everyone else. I love my music, so I invest in the detail and sound, rather than ease of use, but my mother does not, she want AirPods because she is frequently walking around the house, and wants to go 100% wire-free, but does not like on / over ears, because they are no comfortable for her, so AirPods are a God send. Please take back what you said, and never say something so ignorant and naive again. Thank you, on behalf of the world that has to put up with people like you. Chloe Elizabeth Wade I don’t like wires and I also prefer over or on ear style also the W1 is a must for me owning multiple apple products and the solo3s are the best device that currently have it and I’m pretty sure the only device u can get with it right now also most earbuds don’t stay in my ears Impreza I could say what I think straight from the heart, but you know the usual responses with ‘troll’ etc will be levelled. So let’s go with the generic user friendly, ‘gee whiz can’t wait to get ’em’ tripe. Jamessmooth So true Mike M. Powell nah “get rek’t” sounds better, that how you bring in the downvotes and trolls, or am i the troll myself? ._. Impreza Nah no troll, we’re all just prawns caught in ter net 🙂 Marc I can’t wait till January. The positioning of the lightning connection is proving a pain as I use a holster case most of the day. Left me with no choice but to go wireless. Anyone have experience with Sol Republic shadow wireless as a stop gap? MY.T I’m disappointed .. but still I can’t wait to get them. I hope Apple avail a limited number and then gradually increase the number over time. n0ahcruz3 5 hrs is below standard if you ask me, these are just wireless earpods i dont expect a better sound quality compared to the wired ones. Even the lightning earpod degraded in sound quality. Courage my ass this is to help sell accessories and third party products(apple certified accessories). Kaiser De Kam If you look at the competition, the 5 hour battery life is actually on the higher end. Look at the similar products out there and they’re well over $169 and battery life is 3-5 hours. n0ahcruz3 I do look at the competition, i always do. Although some varies when it comes to actual usage. If you look at wireless earphones in amazon they offer longer battery at fraction of the price. I know because ever since i got my 7 plus I’ve been shopping for wireless earphones. Kaiser De Kam What do you think are the best alternatives without going over the AirPods price? n0ahcruz3 Honestly i dont know, i havent bought any wireless earphones. However ive seen wireless earphones that are cheaper than the airpods and offer better battery life according to the product details. Amid Abdul Dont confuse wireless with true wireless. The only one that claims 5 hours is the headphone from Bragi, but they have a lot of complaints on their fb page about the connection.. n0ahcruz3 True wireless? Define true wireless, they use the same Bluetooth technology don’t they? They only work seamlessly because you know it’s apple branded. And what do you think was the reason for the delay? Amid Abdul It means that the two earpice are not connected to each other. n0ahcruz3 Well obviously you don’t browse amazon that much do you? Amid Abdul Not really, I only know the “big” names, those chinese ones i dont care about Jose Rivera On the bright side, at least they’re perfecting them so that way they don’t go through what Samsung did with a faulty device that has to be recalled due to improper testing/fabrication… Johnson Noel The EarPods should have at least included an earlobe hook. It would not have been so difficult to design it and it would be so much more secure. Lit Am I the only one that realizes that these won’t have any bass? There’s no mechanism to prevent sound leak. I just don’t see how it’s remotely possible. Julio Hernandez I’m good. I don’t like EarPods anyway so I’m gonna save myself $169 + 8% sales tax on this. tariq Samsung should take advantage of this time and push heavy ads on their iconX. Maybe throw in a discount to get some attention. There’s always people who are impatient, so they’ll totally grab what comes first to them. lou111 It must be some serious issue. Airpods should be the best gift for Christmas, so… I think that January is just veeery optimitic way. Josh Venegas Good! Because for the cost, these things better come with Bluetooth 5 hardware   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac New Apple ad highlights Beats Solo3 Wireless 40-hour battery & on-ear controls   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « A Chinese Business Publication States that Apple's AirPods may not ship until January 2017 | Main | Acer sees Apple's High MacBook Pro Pricing Knocking them out of the Top Five PC Vendors Worldwide for Q4 » November 01, 2016 Samsung who Supplies new OLED for 'Touch Bar' Hints that Apple may Expand OLED to Main Display   In April Patently Apple posted a report titled "Will Apple Extend their use of OLED Displays to Future iPads, MacBooks & Beyond?" The report hinted that Samsung was going to offer customers the ability to use OLED displays beyond just smartphones and through to PCs. Well, the 'MacBooks & Beyond' aspect of our byline for now has already come to life in Apple's new MacBook in the form of their 'Touch Bar,' and a Korean tech report published today suggests that Apple may extend OLED to the main display in the future.   The report noted that "Apple has introduced Samsung Display's OLED panels for its new MacBook's 'Touch Bar.' Apple is also currently looking into using OLED rather than LCD for its MacBook's display along with iPhones. Just like Smartphones, shift in generation from OLED to LCD will get stronger for laptops as well. Changes in dynamics of display markets are also expected due to the alliance between Apple and Samsung Display.   According to an industry on the 31st, Apple installed Samsung Display's OLED panel for touch screen bar for its new MacBook Pro. This panel is rigid-type OLED that is produced from Samsung Display's A2 Line. It is heard that Driver IC was supplied by Samsung Electronics' System LSI Business Department and that its design was partially changed to link between a laptop and a touch bar."   The report further noted that "A reason why Apple has applied an OLED panel to the MacBook Pro's touch bar is because of the OLED panel's structure. Its thickness is three times thinner than an LCD panel that has BLU (Back-Light Unit)."   Apple is looking to use OLED display rather than LCD display for its future MacBook series and it is actively expanding uses of OLED displays for its major products. In fact one insider clearly stated that "Apple is currently looking into ways of using OLED panels for MacBooks and testing their performance."   What could be a temporary issue for Apple could eventually be worked around, but for now it's real. The report noted that "Samsung Electronics, Dell, HP, and Lenovo have already introduced laptops with OLED panels rather than LCD panels this year because of their strengths being clear quality and thinness. However, these laptops usually use a white background and have difficulties in implementing OLEDs distinct black color and use a lot of electricity as they use white screen most of times."   Apple has partially used OLED panels for only the touch bar and not for entire panel. By doing that, the MacBook implements a black screen as a basic option for the main display and in this way Apple can enjoy strengths of OLEDs such as clear quality, low electricity consumption, and fast response speed for their Touch Bar while receiving the traditional benefits of LCD for the MacBook's main display.   With Apple's Jony Ive obsessed with making the MacBook Pro even thinner over time, the eventual leap to OLED displays will allow him to achieve that goal if they can work around some of the traditional OLED display problems.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on November 01, 2016 at 10:56 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Granted 46 Patents Today Covering Apple Pay UI, a Flagship Apple Store Building and More | Main | Samsung who Supplies new OLED for 'Touch Bar' Hints that Apple may Expand OLED to Main Display » November 01, 2016 A Chinese Business Publication States that Apple's AirPods may not ship until January 2017 Apple informed Ars Technica last week that the new AirPods would be delayed as they need a little more time before the AirPods are ready. Apple added that "We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready." With that said, Apple declined to offer any estimate or release window information about when to expect the AirPods' official launch. Ars Technica speculated that it would probably translate into to weeks so that they'd be in stores for Christmas shoppers. I think everyone would who wants the new AirPods are hoping the same thing, but a new supply chain report today suggests that they may not ship until January 2017.   According to the Chinese-language Economic Daily News, China's first business newspaper since 1967, "Apple originally planned to release the AirPods at the end of October, but has postponed release. Inventec is expected to begin shipping AirPods in January 2017," the paper noted according to DigiTimes.   The paper made this revelation while reporting on Inventec's expected 2017 revenues rising 7% to US$23.83 billion based on AirPods orders.   While only time will tell if this actually materializes, those who ordered Apple's AirPods for Christmas are hoping that this supply chain report is just a bad joke.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on November 01, 2016 at 09:44 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Opinions / MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15: Which is best? MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15: Which is best? by Michael Passingham 01 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15: We take a look at two of the best laptops you can buy to determine which is the best. Apple recently launched three new laptop models: two 13-inch MacBook Pros and a 15-inch model. After years of stagnation, the fight between Dell and Apple has finally got interesting. We’ve already run the numbers on the Dell XPS 13 and the 13-inch MacBook Pro, but now it’s time for the two bigger models to face off. Aside from the obvious operating system difference – you’ll have to make up your own mind whether you want macOS Sierra or Windows 10 – the two machines' technical specifications and build quality need a close look to understand what you’re getting for your money. There are four specified Dell XPS 15s available and three 15-inch MacBook Pros. The table below shows you the differences between the base and top-spec models of each. Related: 13-inch MacBook Pro 2016 vs Dell XPS 13 WATCH: Dell XPS 15 Review MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Full specification comparison (Based on Dell.com and Apple.com. Other retailers may vary) Device Dell XPS 15 MacBook Pro 15 Weight 1.78-2kg 1.83kg Dimensions H: 17mm W: 357mm D: 235mm H: 15.5mm W: 349mm D: 240mm Processor choices Quad-core 6th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7, up to 3.5GHz Quad-core 6th-gen Intel Core i7, up to 3.8GHz Graphics Intel HD Graphics 530 AND 2GB Nvidia GeForce GTX 960M Intel HD Graphics 530 AND 2GB AMD Radeon Pro 450 OR 455 OR 4GB Radeon Pro 460 RAM 8-32GB DDR4 16GB DDR3 Storage 1TB hard disk to 1TBPCI-E SSD 256GB-2TB PCI-E SSD Screen 15.6-inch 1,920x1,080 or 3,840x2,160 15.4-inch 2,880x1,800 Price £1199-£2049 £1,899-£4,049 MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Design and build Apple and Dell have adopted completely different philosophies in the building of their two laptops. While Apple has gone with a tried and tested aluminium unibody design, Dell has opted for an aluminium lid and carbon fibre-coated wrist rest and keyboard tray, with a metal base. Both are exceptionally pretty and well-built machines so there’s no real loser here. Related: What's new with the MacBook Pro? Physical specs tell a slightly different story, though. The MacBook is 50g heavier than the 1.78kg Dell XPS 15, although if you pick a top-end XPS 15 with a touch screen and larger battery, it goes up to a rather heavier 2kg, making the MacBook Pro the winner here when it comes to the top-spec model. The MacBook Pro is a similar size to the Dell XPS 15 when it comes to width and depth, but more substantial in terms of depth – the MacBook Pro is slightly thinner at 15.5mm while the Dell XPS 15 makes do with a thickness of 17mm. This is because the MacBook uses a 15.4-inch screen, while the XPS 15 uses a 15.6-inch panel with a wafer-thin bezel. The most obvious difference in hardware is the MacBook’s Touch Bar. Unique to the MacBook, Dell has no answer and retains a dedicated row of physical function keys. For more on the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, read our guide. Related: Dell XPS 15 review In terms of the keyboard, the new MacBook Pros use Apple’s Butterfly key switches, which offer less travel and a slightly clickier feel than conventional laptop keys. They’re not for everyone, so we’d recommend visiting an Apple Store to try them out for yourself. The MacBook has a gigantic touchpad, much bigger than that on the XPS 15, but the XPS 15's is one of the most responsive around, so what it lacks in size it makes up for in usefulness. In terms of ports, the MacBook Pro 15-inch keeps things simple yet awkward. You get four USB-C connectors that double up as Thunderbolt 3 ports alongside a 3.5mm headphone jack. Any of the USB ports can be used for charging. The Dell, meanwhile, gets two full-size USB 3.0 ports, a USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 port, a headset jack and an SD card reader. MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Performance As ever, this is where things get messy. With a variety of different processors available on both devices, let’s keep it simple. The least powerful MacBook Pro gets a quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with a maximum Turbo Boost speed of 3.4GHz. This is only slightly slower than the fastest Dell XPS 15, whose Core i7 has a maximum Turbo Boost of 3.5GHz. Beyond that, every upgrade to the MacBook Pro 15’s processor makes it faster than the Dell XPS 15. Still, both devices are highly capable and will have no problem editing Ultra HD video. If you want something a little cheaper, the bottom-spec Dell XPS 13 gets a quad-core Intel Core i5 processor instead, which reduces its capacity as a video-editing workstation. It’s still a capable photo editor and gaming machine, though. Related: Intel Core i processors explained In the graphics department, things are less clear cut. The MacBook Pro 15 debuts AMD’s Radeon Pro graphics brand, with a choice of three chips on board. There are a pair of 2GB GPUs and a third 4GB model called the 460, but this is an upgrade you’ll have to pay for. The Dell XPS 15, meanwhile, gets a 2GB Nvidia GeForce GTX 960M in all models. The Radeon Pro is geared towards 3D work and other creative applications but will also have the capacity to play some games, although quite what it will entail in the real world remains to be seen. Still, if you’re only looking for a boost to creative performance, these chips will suit you just fine. The 960M in the Dell is a known quantity, and can play most modern games at reduced graphics settings and resolution. Apple is claiming 10 hours of battery life on the Pro, and while it probably won’t reach that in most moderate work situations, it’ll almost certainly beat the XPS 15 that barely reaches beyond five to six hours in most work situations – one of its biggest failings. Dell also manages to squeeze 32GB of RAM into its top-end model, which will make 4K video editing a much more promising prospect. Apple MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Screen You get a choice of screens with the Dell XPS 15. The three cheaper models get Full HD panels while the top spec gets an Ultra HD panel. Both are capable of displaying the full Adobe RGB colour gamut, which makes them great for photo editors and videographers. Related: MacBook Pro 2016 vs Surface Book i7 The MacBook Pro gets a 2,880 x 1,800 pixel panel that’s capable of displaying the full DCI P3 colour gamut used in film making. It’s ridiculously bright at 500 nits, which is beyond anything we’ve ever seen in a laptop and puts it up there with the brightest smartphones and some pretty fancy TVs to boot. We’ve not seen it in the flesh yet, though, so we’ll wait before giving a final judgement. MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Pricing and final thoughts The cheapest MacBook Pro 15-inch is more expensive that the second-from-top-end Dell XPS 15, which is slightly more powerful than its Apple-made rival, so at that end of the market the Dell would seem to be better value. Buy Now: Dell XPS 15 at Amazon.com from $942 Best Deals for Dell XPS 15 However, as you move beyond the bottom-spec MacBook, the additional 8GB of RAM, faster processors and super-bright screen start to become more attractive. Without having reviewed the MacBook Pro, a final judgement call is hard. Both the Dell XPS 15 and MacBook Pro 15 are capable video and photo editing workstations, and spending more on the MacBook gets you the clever Touch Bar, a thinner and (at the top-end) lighter design. Right at the very top of the range, the Dell once again seems better value with its huge 32GB of RAM, which will be very helpful for a lot of people. WATCH: MacBook Pro 2016 first look MacBook Pro 15-inch or Dell XPS 15? Let us know which you think comes out on top in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay 2016 Dell XPS 15 9550 i7-6700HQ 16GB 512GB PCIe SSD UHD touch 4K GTX960M W10 $1,539.00 View Item RB DELL XPS 15" HD TOUCH INTEL CORE i5-6300 8GB 256GB NOTEBOOK, XPS9550-0000SLV $999.99 View Item RB Dell XPS 15 9550-4444SLV Core i7-6700 512GB 16GB 4K Touch Sig. Edition Laptop $1,449.99 View Item DELL XPS 15 9550 i5 6300HQ 3.2GHz/8GB/1TB+32GB SSD/FHD INFINITY/PRO/GTX 960M/WTY $929.99 View Item 2016 DELL XPS 15 9550 i7-6700HQ 16GB 512GB SSD GTX 960M 1080P W10H 1YR WTY $1,379.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Ruturaj November 2, 2016, 5:03 am Macbook has better SSD because of speed. Processor has more powerful options. Speakers macbook wins with front facing stereo. Best non touch screen. Xps has better More Configurations RAM since you have options and its ddr4. Battery, xps has bigger battery Graphics Ports Value for money Upgradability, you can put more/newer ssd, ram, battery, screen easily. Touchscreen is better than touch strip. Look and feel, tie, I prefer macbook thought. Edit: I think dell precision 15 is more relevant than XPS for this comparison. sdfu November 2, 2016, 12:29 pm Except xps 15 model 2nd from the highest priced comes with a 256 SSD as well too... And still priced lower and with that extra like 500 dollars you could go out and buy a even bigger SSD drive.... And u can disable the touchscreen..easily. The mac rlly has its looks to fall back on. mothergoose85 November 2, 2016, 5:14 pm Something worth mentioning on the trackpad front is (and I know this is partly down to the OS), the gestures on OSX are incredible. They are actually what converted me. Steven Stephen November 4, 2016, 10:48 am I agree and not only that the Force touch trackpad I would say in my opinion is one of the best trackpads out there, and is unique to apple. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»APPLE AKTIE»Report: Apple Will Cut Mac Book Pro Prices APPLE INC 98,24  Euro -1,715 -1,72 % WKN: 865985  ISIN: US0378331005 Ticker-Symbol: APC  Frankfurt | 14.11.16 | 19:14 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHardware AktienmarktS&P 100 NASDAQ-100 S&P 500 DJ Industrial 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 98,26 98,71 14.11. 98,35 98,50 14.11. 01.11.2016 | 17:25 (48 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Report: Apple Will Cut Mac Book Pro Prices CUPERTINO (dpa-AFX) - Apple is reportedly planning to lower the price of its new MacBook Pro next year along with upgradation to internal specs. Tech blog 9to5Mac, citing reliable Apple analyst King-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, reports that the Cupertino, California-based Apple will reduce the price of the new devices next year, with the next-gent MacBook Pros to be launched in the second half of 2017. Apple is also expected to provide support for 32GB of RAM to the MacBooks, however, only if Intel releases its Canonlake processors in time. According to Ku, the Canonlake CPUs with LPDDR 4 RAM consumes 15 percent to 25 percent less power than existing CPUs, which will enable Apple to boost the RAM. Currently, MacBook Pros only provided a maximum of 16GB of RAM, which Apple says is due to battery concerns. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu APPLE INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 01:31 Bloomberg: Apple contemplating smart glass move ► Artikel lesen 01:16 Apple bekommt Konkurrenz: Amazon baut Musik-Streaming aus Apple und Spotify haben Millionen Nutzer, der Musik-Dienst von Amazon hinkt deutlich hinterher. Damit sich das ändert, hat Amazon sein Musik-Angebot nun deutlich erweitert. Apple und Spotify bekommen... ► Artikel lesen 01:04 Comedian Bill Maher introduces Apple's stunning new gun ► Artikel lesen 00:58 Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Trump Trade War Could Hit U.S. Auto, iPhone Sales ► Artikel lesen 00:09 David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart APPLE INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % APPLE INC 98,24 -1,72 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 1 AAPL: 111.49 -2.05 Chinese supply chain sources report Apple AirPods not shipping until January 2017 Benjamin Mayo - 2 weeks ago @bzamayo iPhone 7 AirPods View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple initially unveiled the AirPods, Apple’s truly-wireless earbuds, alongside the iPhone 7 in September with the intention to ship in late October. However, the company delayed the launch at the last minute citing it needing extra time to finish up the product. A new availability date was not given as part of Apple’s official statement, however a report from Economic Daily News (via Digitimes) is suggesting it will be a while, with suppliers not expecting AirPods to begin shipping until next year, in January 2017. If the Chinese report from the supply chain is accurate, this would mean Apple’s AirPods would miss the critical Christmas holidays season as the launch would lapse into next year. It would also mean the product would be pushed back more than three months since its initial unveiling. Apple has not commented on the speculation. Here’s the company’s last official statement on the matter, when the AirPods were first delayed a week ago: “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers,” AirPods feature Apple’s W1 chip, which enables instantaneous pairing with iOS devices and Apple Watch as well as longer battery life in use. Luckily for Apple, the W1 is also present in its latest range of products from Beats. The Beats Solo 3 wireless and Powerbeats 3 are shipping now; Beatsx were also announced at the same event as AirPods but are not yet released. Beatsx availability is quoted as “coming this fall”. This means that the W1 experience will be available in some capacity this year but the AirPods have other features which are exclusive to its form factor such as auto-pausing music when an earbud is removed from the ear. AirPods also boast 5 hour battery life on each earbud and come with a carrying case that doubles as a charger, which contains enough battery to charge the buds for 24 hours of continuous use. Apple did not give a reason for the delay in launch of the AirPods and the Chinese report does not elaborate on the reason for the delays. Apple has already seeded some reviewers with pre-production AirPods units. Chinese media does not have a flawless track record with Apple rumors in terms of accuracy, but it is generally a more reliable source with supply-chain focused news such as this story. Apple’s website merely says AirPods are “coming soon”. Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide Apple AirPods Apple AirPods price, availability, features View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Report: Apple Will Cut Mac Book Pro Prices 11/1/2016 12:09 PM ET Apple is reportedly planning to lower the price of its new MacBook Pro next year along with upgradation to internal specs. Tech blog 9to5Mac, citing reliable Apple analyst King-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, reports that the Cupertino, California-based Apple will reduce the price of the new devices next year, with the next-gent MacBook Pros to be launched in the second half of 2017. Apple is also expected to provide support for 32GB of RAM to the MacBooks, however, only if Intel releases its Canonlake processors in time. According to Ku, the Canonlake CPUs with LPDDR 4 RAM consumes 15 percent to 25 percent less power than existing CPUs, which will enable Apple to boost the RAM. Currently, MacBook Pros only provided a maximum of 16GB of RAM, which Apple says is due to battery concerns. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman CEO Cedar Crest Cookie Dough Ice Cream Recalled Naughty Dating Site Adult Friendfinder Users Exposed By Hack Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Stocks Close Mixed Following Lackluster Session - U.S. Commentary McDonald's Trying Sriracha Big Mac IPO Watch: WildHorse Wants To Fund Acquisition Stocks Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Major Averages Turning In Mixed Performance In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Trump To Take Only $1 As Salary; No Vacations Trump Names Priebus As Chief Of Staff; Stephen Bannon As Chief Strategist Diabetes Grows In Alarming Pace <<Previous        45 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Apple's Sweet New Mac Book Pro With Touch Bar Report: Apple Launching TV Guide Sans Netflix Apple Delays AirPods Wireless Headphones Shipment Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is Down After Q4 Revenues Disappoint Report : Apple Developing Car Operating System In Canada Trade AAPL now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile Mobile Apple patent paves way for incredible bendable iPhone By Todd Haselton | November 1, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple received a patent this week that describes a bendable or flexible smartphone that uses carbon nanotube printed circuits. The company originally filed for the patent, titled “Electronic devices with carbon nanotube printed circuits” on August 28, 2014. The patent win was first spotted by PatentlyApple. The patent specifically details a way to create flexible circuit boards that can help pave the way for flexible smartphones and tablets. Right now, we have flexible smartphone displays, which certainly helps in some regard, but there are other components that can get damaged if bent during use. Here’s how Apple describes the roadblock in its patent: “In some situations, it can be difficult to satisfactorily mount printed circuits within an electronic device. Flexible printed circuits often have bends and can be subjected to numerous bending and unbending cycles during operation of a device. If care is not taken, a flexible printed circuit will be bent too much. This can lead to cracks in signal lines on the flexible printed circuit and poor reliability. Although cracks can be reduced and reliability enhanced by placing restrictions on the amount of bending that is imposed on a flexible printed circuit, this can create undesired bulk and undesired limitations on the movement of the flexible printed circuit.” Using carbon nanotubes, Apple believes that it can form signal paths that won’t crack and deteriorate if they’re bent during use. The nanotubes can be applied (printed, even) to various parts of the device, whether on substrates or the actual device housing, and are capable of flexing along different areas, like hinges. You can see how some of those functions might work in the images above. Apple also argues that using carbon nanotubes will allow it to create lighter and stronger devices. That’s going to be important, too, particularly if it’s a product like a phone with a hinge that’s going to be opened and closed over and over again each day. Don’t hold your breath for a bendable iPhone 8 Apple may be getting closer to having the support for developing and launching this sort of device, but this patent doesn’t necessarily mean that such a product is right over the horizon. There are other obstacles like battery technology that will need to be overcome, too. This is a step in the right direction, however. Source PatentlyApple, USPTO Topics #Apple #Apple Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu APPLE MATER A Foxconn exec leaked iPhone 8 details while accepting an honorary PhD Written by Mike Murphy November 01, 2016 What comes after the 7. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber) Share Written by Mike Murphy November 01, 2016 It seems it’s impossible to get away from iPhone rumors these days, even while attending a college graduation ceremony. Tai Jeng-wu, a president at Sharp and its parent company Hon Hai Precision Industry (which also owns Apple device manufacturer Foxconn), was at his alma mater, Tatung University, to receive an honorary doctorate over the weekend. While onstage accepting the degree, he decided to launch into some thoughts about Apple, and its next iPhone, according to the Nikkei Asian Review. Tai explained that Apple is moving to organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens—which are lighter and brighter than the technology the company currently employs in its smartphones—potentially as soon as next year. “The iPhone has been evolving and now it is switching from LTPS (low-temperature poly-silicon) to OLED panels,” Tai said, according to the Nikkei Asian Review. The Sharp executive also offered his thoughts on the direction of Apple and its increasingly iterative products: “We don’t know whether Apple’s OLED iPhones will be a hit, but if Apple doesn’t walk down this path and transform itself, there will be no innovation,” Tai said. “It is a crisis but it is also an opportunity.” Apple released its latest smartphones and laptops in the last two months, both of which have been criticized as underwhelming iterations on their previous editions. That has led some to wonder if Apple can still innovate and excite consumers as it has for the last decade and a half. On Oct. 25, the company posted its first annual decline in revenue and profit in 15 years. The company is expected to completely overhaul the iPhone for its tenth anniversary in 2017, which analysts are referring to as “the supercycle,” and that could help spur the company back into growth mode. As the Nikkei Asian Review points out, this could mean an entirely redesigned iPhone, reportedly constructed with a glass back and front, held together with strips of metal. Apple wasn’t immediately available to comment on Tai’s speech. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook Means By Charging a "Fair Price" for Its Products A claim from this top Apple executive doesn't mean what some might think it means. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 1, 2016 at 11:06AM On Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) most recent earnings call, one analyst observed that even in the face of a $20 generation-over-generation increase in price for the iPhone 7 Plus relative to the prior-generation iPhone 6S Plus, the former is "completely sold out." Image source: Apple.  This led the analyst to ask Apple CEO Tim Cook the following question: As you see more and more features being added into iPhones, do you conceptually expect that you are anywhere close to the point where raising ASPs [average selling prices] further would be net disruptive to demand? Or do you see more room to raise ASPs over time as you add incremental features? Cook answered: With the iPhone 7 Plus, we put an incredible amount of innovation into the camera and the overall photo experience, and customers are obviously using that and have discovered that they love it. And so, we're getting an incredible amount of feedback there. We also get incredible feedback on the iPhone 7. And, but the mix that we projected on iPhone 7 Plus is short of what the reality is and so we are chasing supply there. In terms of the ASP, the way we think about it is we want to charge a fair price and so we don't want to charge more than that, and we think it's worth being fair. Based on the commentary from Cook around Apple wanting to "charge a fair price" for its products, including its iPhone products, it might seem as though he's saying that the company is going to try to keep its iPhone average selling prices relatively flat going forward. If you read between the lines a little bit, though, that's likely not the message he intended to convey.  What is Cook saying? To understand what Cook is trying to convey here, it's important to understand what a "fair price" means in this context. "Fair" doesn't mean, "We'll cram in way more features than we did last year, balloon our cost structure, and then sell you the device for the same price that we sold last year's model." That wouldn't be "fair" because Apple winds up selling something that's much more expensive to manufacture while not getting paid for that innovation. On the flip side, if Apple were to build a successor to the iPhone 7 Plus next year -- let's call it the iPhone 8 Plus -- and it didn't add any significant new features (aside from the generally expected improvements in processor and wireless connectivity speeds) and cost about the same to build, it wouldn't be "fair" for Apple to jack up prices generation-over-generation, either, since the value just wouldn't be there. The way to think about a "fair price" is this: If Apple delivers a significant step up in relative value compared to what it delivered with prior-generation products (such steps up are often accompanied by commensurate increases in manufacturing/component costs), then it's OK for the company to charge more. If it doesn't deliver such features in a next-generation product, then a "fair" price would likely be what the company charged last time. What does this mean for future Apple products? Going forward, I suspect that Apple will more aggressively segment its product line, particularly with its iPhone product line (especially considering a recent Nikkei report claiming that Apple is planning three iPhone models next year, including a "premium" variant). Indeed, I expect Apple to continue to deliver solid improvements at the typical iPhone price points, but it also stands to reason that the company will experiment with bringing more feature-packed devices to even higher-end price points. Additionally, earlier this year Apple introduced the relatively low-cost 4-inch iPhone SE aimed at more budget buyers. I don't expect Apple to be as aggressive in building products for lower price points, especially as being too aggressive there could lead Apple to participate in a painful race to the bottom, but putting out products like the iPhone SE from time to time is probably a smart move. At the end of the day, Apple's job is to make sure to deliver great products that encourage smartphone buyers to choose its devices and, if possible, choose the higher-priced models in its portfolio. Apple's seemingly done a good job here with the iPhone 7 Plus, and it'll be interesting to see if the company can build upon this strategy in the product cycles ahead. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 11:06AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > The MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar reportedly made by Samsung, Apple testing OLED for future MacBook screens The MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar reportedly made by Samsung, Apple testing OLED for future MacBook screens November 1, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Korea’s ETNews reports that the OLED Touch Bar found in the new MacBook Pros are made by Samsung, and that Apple is currently testing OLED panels for its main displays for future MacBooks. According to an industry , Apple installed Samsung Display’s OLED panel for touch screen bar for its new MacBook Pro. This panel is rigid-type OLED that is produced from Samsung Display’s A2 Line […] “Apple is currently looking into ways of using OLED panels for MacBooks and testing their performance.” said a different representative. As we’ve said in the past, switching to OLED on the MacBooks would be a no brainer for Apple as there are plenty of benefits. For one, OLED is much more power efficient than the current LCD displays as the pixels are only lit when powered, as apposed to a constant backlight which also makes the display much thinner. The Touch Bar in the new MacBook Pros are three times as thin than any LCD equivalent. Tags: MacBook Pro, OLED, Samsung, touch bar About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← KGI: New MacBooks with 32GB of RAM coming in 2017 Benchmarks show the 15-inch MacBook Pro has the fastest SSD performance on the market → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US I'm sold on virtual reality Google Play Music update brings improved recommendations, new home screen, and more Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Android And Me LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price TmoNews T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Smartphones Are More Popular Than Tablets, But Where Are Markets Going? David Oliver U.S.News & World ReportNovember 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share If it wasn't obvious already, the latest numbers from research company International Data Corporation make it clear: Smartphones are still more popular than tablets worldwide. Meanwhile, the future of those who manufacture these devices remains up for debate. In the third quarter, tablet shipments declined 14.7 percent compared to a year earlier, hitting just 43 million units. Worldwide smartphone shipments, in contrast, ticked up 1 percent to 362.9 million units. Apple (ticker: AAPL) is still the top dog in the tablet market with 21.5 percent of industry market share, up from 19.6 percent last year. Samsung follows at 15.1 percent, with Amazon.com ( AMZN) trailing at 7.3 percent. The future of tablets, however, remains in flux. "The race to the bottom is something we have already experienced with slates [a tablet without a keyboard, accessed via a stylus pen or touch screen, reports Fortune] and it may prove detrimental to the market in the long run as detachables could easily be seen as disposable devices rather than potential PC replacements," according to Jitesh Ubrani, an International Data Corporation senior research analyst. As for smartphones, Samsung still holds a stronger share of the market compared to Apple across the world, controlling 20 percent of market share compared to Apple's 12.5 percent. Both are down from last year's third quarter, where Samsung held 23.3 percent market share and Apple at 13.4 percent. The iPhone is Apple's most valuable product, garnering 60 percent of its revenue in the company's fiscal third quarter. Despite Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 recall disrupting the market, it's still holding on. "Samsung's market dominance in the third quarter was unchallenged in the short term even with this high-profile Galaxy Note 7 recall, but the longer term impact on the Samsung brand remains to be seen," Melissa Chau, associate research director of mobile devices at the International Data Corporation, said in a statement. "If the first recall was a stumble for Samsung, the second recall of replacement devices face-planted the Note series." The International Data Corporation noted that the iPhone could benefit from the Note 7 recall from last month. But competition from Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) with Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones could prove another market hurdle. In Apple's fiscal fourth-quarter earnings, iPhone sales ticked down 13 percent, making just $28.2 billion compared to $32.2 billion a year earlier. FactSet anticipated iPhone revenue dropping 13.8 percent. Still, the 45.5 million unit sales beat analyst estimates by 500,000 units. While the iPhone 7's better-than-anticipated early sales numbers gave the company's stock a jolt, the company's full fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report didn't impress investors, sending AAPL stock down 2 percent. 7 of the Worst Product Flops Ever, Besides the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8 Stocks to Buy for a Great 2016 David Oliver is Associate Editor, Social Media at U.S. News & World Report. Follow him on Twitter, connect with him on LinkedIn, or send him an email at doliver@usnews.com. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech Gadgets Belkin’s $99 Apple Watch charging battery pack is still a bad idea New, 1 comment I would strongly advise you to buy a regular external charging pack by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Nov 1, 2016, 12:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Belkin announced today a new battery pack, the Valet Charger Power Pack. It costs $99 for a 6700mAh rechargeable portable battery, charges via Micro USB, and has one USB port for charging something. But the biggest feature on it is an integrated Apple Watch charger, so you can charge your Apple Watch on the go. this is still a terrible idea And, as I said when the similarly overpriced Kanex GoPower Watch was announced earlier this year, this is still a terrible idea. $99 is expensive for any battery pack, much less one that has as little charging capability as the Valet Charger Power Pack does. A 26800mAh battery pack, with three fast-charging USB ports and considerably more charge costs half of what these integrated Apple Watch battery packs go for. Also, as someone who has worn an Apple Watch almost every day since it first came out, making it through an entire day of battery life hasn’t really ever been a problem I’ve had. Sure, if any of these integrated Apple Watch charging packs were priced more in line with similar capacity battery chargers, the built-in charger would be a nice addition. But for the current price point, it feels to me more like an expensive solution in search of a problem. That said, if the tyranny of carrying around an Apple Watch charger and plugging into a battery pack is too much for you, or you’re really set on the extra convenience of the integrated charging solution, the Valet Charger Power Pack is available now from Belkin’s website. Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 1 comment Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Tech Samsung Samsung Pay now has its own rewards program by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Samsung Pay is launching a rewards program that will give you points on every purchase you make using the service, in an attempt to incentivize customers to use its mobile payment product. Users can accrue points for every purchase made through... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « Spotify App Control Of Sonos Launches In Public Beta | Main | Ditto Music Adds 7th Global Office In Sweden » Apple To Lower The Price Of Apple Music, Claims Dubious Report Apple is planning to lower the price of Apple Music, a source has reportedly told Digital Music News. The story doesn't add up, given what is known about Apple's deals with rightsholders. But the tech media has picked up the piece, ignoring or downplaying DMN's history of  "scoops" that turn out not to be true. ____________________________________ Apple is planning to lower prices for Apple Music before the end of the year, a single source from outside the company has told Digital Music News.  The new Apple Music prices will reportedly see the monthly fee drop from $9.99 to $7.99 for single users sand from $14.99 to $12.99 for family plans. This is not just a Christmas promotion, though it will launch prior to the holiday and could include a deeper “holiday promotional discount,” according to DMN. This spring DMN also reported that Apple would stop selling iTunes downloads “within two years,” then in “the next 3-4” years. Both timelines and the story were later proven false. This new Apple Music pricing story doesn't add up either.   While we know from pre-launch negotiations that Apple would love to offer lower pricing, the labels have said no. And given that current label negotiations with Spotify and others center on extracting more revenue - not less - from music streaming, the labels have no incentive to cut prices now. Of course, Apple could do lower prices unilaterally and can afford to absorb a loss on each subscription. It even sounds plausible that Apple might want to undermine Spotify prior to its IPO. But Apple has a much bigger business to run and angering label partners would serve little purpose. Apple also lacks Amazon's incentive to lose money on services while making it back on device sales like its Echo connected speaker.  iPhone's are bought as communication devices, with music only a secondary or tertiary consideration.   No, expect any lower prices for Apple Music to be temporary - an incentive to new users rather than a firebomb at a business model that's already barely working. Related articles Garth Brooks Grants First-Ever Streaming Rights To... Amazon Music Unlimited - hypebot Amazon Music Unlimited: Reverse Pricing And The Rise Of Zero User Interface [Mark Mulligan] Spotify Blackballing Frank Ocean's Latest Album, Blonde Last Week's Most Read Posts: Apple Music Reviews - Kudos For CD Baby - Networking - More This Week in Music Commentary Watch YG Evade Police In "One Time Comin'" [VIDEO] Stream Drake's "Fake Love" And "Sneakin'" Singles Amazon challenges Spotify and Apple with music service Poll of 17,000 Apple Users Spells Trouble For Spotify Posted by Bruce Houghton on 11/01/2016 in Music Business, Streaming & Cloud | Permalink Comments Apple To Lower The Price Of Apple Music, Claims Dubious Report Apple is planning to lower the price of Apple Music, a source has reportedly told Digital Music News. The story doesn't add up, given what is known about Apple's deals with rightsholders. But the tech media has picked up the piece, ignoring or downplaying DMN's history of  "scoops" that turn out not to be true. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • Seymour Stein Reveals “Embarrassing” Deal He Made With Madonna • Drake Redefines What Hit Album Is with 3B Spotify Streams • Best Music Biz Quotes • Band Files $30M Suit vs. Motley Crue After Paying $1M To Be Opening Act • Facebook: Musician's Friend Or A Massive Infringer? Recent Posts How To Better Understand Your Fanbase 2 Big Promotions + 4 New Signings = Cooking Vinyl 11.14.2016 The Fickle Listening Habits Of Streaming Music Consumers [CHART] Napster/Rhapsody Posts Surprise $1.6M Quarterly Profit Spotify Update Available - Download It Now To Save Your Hard Drive What A Donald Trump Presidency Means For All Musicians And The Music Business Utab: Affordable Music Video Creation Tools That Engage Active Fans How I Reduced My Stage Setup Time By Half Amazon Music Unlimited Goes Live In UK, Germany, Austria Leon Russell R.I.P. - "I've acted out my life on stages with 10,000 people watching" Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here Recent Comments Tonald Drump on What A Donald Trump Presidency Means For All Musicians And The Music Business Tonald Drump on What A Donald Trump Presidency Means For All Musicians And The Music Business Serge on Spotify Is Dumping Huge Amounts Of Junk Data On Your Hard Drive, Fix Promised Tim on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music Roger Bixley on THU. BRIEF: Streams Drive UMG Growth • Copyright Battle Looms • HologramUSA • Starset Soars • More Peter H on Seymour Stein Reveals “Embarrasing” Deal Made with Madonna Noah on 7 Habits Of Highly Ineffective Artists Richard Sorce on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music Jimmy Stix on ASCAP Sues 10 Music Venues For Not Being Licensed To Play Music Su-Rmi Givens on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL">Quote for AAPL</a> SEARCH HYPEBOT More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
Ulyukayev detained on suspicion of receiving $2 mln for clearing Rosneft-Bashneft deal Business & Economy November 15, 3:19 Medvedev to discuss investment cooperation with Malta’s prime minister Business & Economy November 15, 2:37 Putin to start meetings with Defense Ministry, military-industrial enterprises Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 15, 2:22 Russia ready to support Colombia peace process, including at UNSC — Foreign Ministry Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 15, 1:36 Boxer Stiverne’s doping test positive but fight with Russia’s Povetkin to be held Sport November 15, 1:07 Ceasefire regime violated in Syria 39 times in past day — Russian reconciliation center World November 15, 0:40 Putin notes readiness to build partner dialogue with new US Administration — Kremlin Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 14, 23:37 EU seeks to maintain Ukraine’s role as gas transit country — foreign policy chief Business & Economy November 14, 22:51 Putin, Merkel discuss Russian gas transit to Europe via Ukraine Business & Economy November 14, 21:37 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 15.11.2016 14.11.2016 13.11.2016 12.11.2016 11.11.2016 10.11.2016 09.11.2016 ^ News Feed Sections World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Six largest Russian banks introduce Apple Pay support Business & Economy November 01, 19:00 UTC+3 MOSCOW Apple Pay currently works only with MasterCard cards in Russia Share 1 pages in this article © EPA/MONICA DAVEY MOSCOW, November 1. /TASS/. Another six largest banks in Russia have introduced Apple Pay contactless payment system. Customers of Alfa Bank, B&N Bank, VTB24, Bank Otkritie, Raiffeisenbank and Tinkoff Bank can now use the technology, according to the banks' press services. On October 4, Sberbank and MasterCard launched Apple Pay system on the Russian market. Bank Saint-Petersburg, MTS Bank and Yandex.Money also support the payment system. According to the Apple website, bank Russian Standard will soon introduce Apple Pay as well. Read also Sberbank, MasterCard launch Apple Pay on Russian market Apple Pay currently works only with MasterCard cards in Russia. A source close to the talks between Apple and Russian representatives of banks and payment systems told TASS earlier that Apple Pay payment system will start working with Visa bank cards in the Russian market in December. The source said, that the talks are in progress and the date might be changed later. The transaction size is not limited. "Limit on transactions per day depends on the type of card product. As for Apple Pay, it is no different from traditional payment using a card," press service of Bank Otkritie told TASS. VTB24, B&N Bank, Tinkoff Bank and Alpha Bank also confirmed that there are no special restrictions on the size of transactions with Apple Pay. "Our spending limit on purchases by default does not have any restrictions. The client can set a limit on purchase for a day or a month through an online bank or mobile application," Director of Public Relations at Tinkoff Bank Darya Ermolina told TASS. Apple Pay works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6, as well as iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3 and later models, and Apple Watch. Apple Pay System can also be used through Safari Internet browser on any Mac released in 2012 and later that have been upgraded to macOS Sierra. Apple Pay system was introduced by Apple Inc. in September 2014. The payment system allows purchases using NFC (Near Field Communication) technology on smartphones, which can be used for payment in actual stores by holding an iPhone near the reader or within apps. In the fall 2015, Apple’s South Korean competitor - Samsung - also announced the launch of its own NFC payment system called Samsung Pay. Samsung Pay began working in Russia in late September, and is currently available to MasterCard cardholders, customers of Alfa Bank, VTB 24, MTS Bank, Raiffeisenbank, bank Russian Standard, MTS and Yandex are partners of the service. The company expects that by the end of the year other major Russian banks will join Samsung Pay. Sberbank CEO Herman Gref told reporters earlier that Sberbank is going to introduce Samsung pay technology in the near future. Gallery 6 photo © Veronika Ichetkina/TASS Sales of iPhone 7 officially start in Russia {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Companies Apple Topics Internet & Telecom Top News November 15, 3:19 Ulyukayev detained on suspicion of receiving $2 mln for clearing Rosneft-Bashneft deal November 15, 3:19 November 15, 0:40 Ceasefire regime violated in Syria 39 times in past day — Russian reconciliation center November 15, 0:40 November 14, 23:37 Putin notes readiness to build partner dialogue with new US Administration — Kremlin November 14, 23:37 November 14, 20:05 MIG-29 fighter jet crashes into Mediterranean off Syrian coast November 14, 20:05 In other media Реклама Photo 18 Russian Arctic, the history of exploration 6 Sales of iPhone 7 officially start in Russia 5 First international flight arrives from Minsk at Moscow's newest airport Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Ulyukayev detained on suspicion of receiving $2 mln for clearing Rosneft-Bashneft deal 2 Putin to start meetings with Defense Ministry, military-industrial enterprises 3 MIG-29 fighter jet crashes into Mediterranean off Syrian coast 4 Batch of Sukhoi-35 fighter jets ready for duty in western Russia 5 Carrier rocket with Soyuz MS manned spacecraft placed on launch pad at Baikonur 6 Socialist leader wins presidential election in Moldova 7 Iran’s demand for Russian weaponry is estimated at $10 bln 1 MIG-29 fighter jet crashes into Mediterranean off Syrian coast 2 Russian military to perform observation flight over US 3 Batch of Sukhoi-35 fighter jets ready for duty in western Russia 4 Iran’s demand for Russian weaponry is estimated at $10 bln 5 Diplomat says impossible to restore full contacts of Russian, US military under Obama 6 Ukrainian army deserter flees to Russia seeking political asylum — source 7 UK politician says Russia 'has done a better job than anybody else' for Mideast stability 1 Dutch sub tried to approach Russian aircraft carrier in Mediterranean — defense ministry 2 Source: 16 US servicemen killed, 27 injured in fighting for Iraq’s Mosul 3 Trump elected president of the United States — live coverage 4 Putin congratulates Donald Trump on winning US presidential election 5 MIG-29 fighter jet crashes into Mediterranean off Syrian coast 6 Russia-US discord will leave with Obama administration: lawmakers' reaction to Trump's win 7 US election results in animated graphics TOP STORIES US presidential election 2016 Conflict in Syria Russia's defense industry Oil & Gas Industry Space programs Реклама News World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2016 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Home News Smartphones Tablets Computers Cameras Internet Miscellenous News Reviews Mobiles Tablet PCs Cameras & Camcorders Notebooks PCs Miscellenous Rumours Tutorials Analysis Apps & Games Updates App News Apps and Games Review Events IFA 2015 CES 2016 MWC 2016 Apple pays homage to MacBook Air by hiking prices of newer models in India 0 0 0 0 by Ajeet , November 1, 2016 Days after discontinuing its much-demanded MacBook Air, Apple has silently increased the prices of the latest MacBook lineup in India. The company has hiked the MacBook prices by as high as Rs. 10,000, and the changes are already reflected on the official Apple India’s website. The 12-inch MacBook that was debuted last year is now available in the country for Rs. 1,12,900, an increase of Rs. 6,000. Its top-end model, which was originally launched at Rs. 1,29,900, is priced at Rs. 1,39,900. Both the MacBook variants feature a 12-inch LED-backlit display with 2,304 x 1,440 pixels resolution and up to Intel Core m5 dual-core processor. The MacBooks also come with a Force Touch-equipped trackpad and edge-to-edge keyboard. Launch of new MacBooks Alongside increasing the prices of the recent MacBook, Apple is set to bring its newly unveiled MacBook Pro models to India with an initial price of Rs. 1,29,900. The Cupertino giant upgraded its MacBook Pro family last week with an all-new entrant that sports a ‘Touch Bar’ strip to enable interchangeable buttons. Additionally, the newest range comes with a Touch ID button, similar to iPhones and iPads, to enhance security and enables mobile payments on the go. Apple is bringing its new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar support to the Indian market The 13.3-inch MacBook with Touch Bar will go on sale in the Indian market for Rs. 1,55,900, while its 15.4-inch variant will be available at Rs. 2,05,900. You’ll also be provided with a cheaper, 13-inch MacBook without the Touch Bar support for Rs. 1,29,900. No room for affordability The launch of the new MacBooks has finally brought the discontinuation of the MacBook Air lineup. Though MacBook Air models were quite in demand and strongly competed against Windows-running Ultrabooks, Apple is now shifting all its focus to standard MacBooks and MacBook Pros. All this, however, moved the Tim Cook-led company from the market of affordable notebooks. The Apple MacBook Air line was an innovation introduced by Steve Jobs back in 2008. It was emerged as an entry-level notebook range by the iPhone maker. Nevertheless, the MacBook Air models had multi-core Intel Core processors, HD Graphics, FaceTime HD webcams and SSD support. Apple recently even upgraded memory on the both 11.6- and 13.3-inch Air models and made 8GB RAM as a default option. Apple has removed the 11.6-inch MacBook Air model from its website. However, its 13.3-inch version is currently listed online and available through all official distributors and retail stores in the country. Related Stories Apple MacBook gets upgraded with Intel Skylake processors You can now upgrade your MacBook storage by up to 1TB After iPhone 7, Apple could remove headphone jack from new MacBook Pro Apple updates 15″ MacBook Pro with Force Touch trackpad and new specs Apple unveils new MacBook with all-day battery life and USB-C port Share this: Share Facebook Google Twitter Reddit Pinterest Email Print Categories: Computers Tags: Apple, Apple MacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Air India, MacBook price, new MacBook Pro, new MacBook Pro price Tag cloud India Android 4.0 Android 4.2 Android 4.1 LG Windows Phone 8 Flipkart Intex iOS Android 4.3 Acer Sony microsoft BlackBerry Lava Twitter Windows 10 Apple Motorola Android Jelly Bean Karbonn Xiaomi Amazon Asus Android Windows Phone OnePlus Tablets google WhatsApp China facebook Nokia 4G LTE Samsung US Huawei Micromax Lenovo HTC Android Lollipop Airtel Android Wear Smartphone Android 4.4 Subscribe via Email Top Reviews Motorola Moto E review: The Game Changer 4.7 LeEco Le 1s review: Affordable yet Incredible Beast 4.6 Karbonn Sparkle V Android One review: The affordable Nexus 4.5 Huawei Power-Fi E8221 review 4.5 Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML review: Premium experience under affordable price 4.5 Like our Facebook Page Our Live TweetsMy Tweets Subscribe on YouTube Our Fans Comments poitloy on Facebook Messenger gets Message Requests to let you talk with anyone auromed on Intel develops Raspberry Pi rival with button-sized Curie chipset Crabby on Intel develops Raspberry Pi rival with button-sized Curie chipset Nathillien on Apple sells 13 million iPhone 6s units in first weekend following initial launch Tagmoment_App on Shoto app launched to let Android and iOS users easily pool and share memories Recent Stories iBall Slide Brace-X1 4G launched with Lenovo Yoga Tablet-like kickstand design Apple pays homage to MacBook Air by hiking prices of newer models in India Galaxy Note 7 aftermath: This is an ‘explosion-proof’ alternative from China iOS 10.1 update enhances iPhone 7 Plus with Portrait Camera mode Xender file transfer app hits 170 million users in India Trending Stories WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram and UC Browser were top apps of 2015 in India: 9Apps Xender file transfer app hits 170 million users in India Your Samsung Galaxy S7 to come pre-installed with McAfee antivirus Coolpad Note 3 Lite launched as company’s first ‘Made in India’ phone SBI Buddy mobile wallet app launched to take on Paytm and MobiKwik Copyright © 2012-2016 TechOne3. All rights reserved. About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Top   Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish New MacBook Pro’s OLED Touch Bar Reportedly Supplied By Samsung By Adnan Farooqui on 11/01/2016 08:50 PST Apple recently unveiled its new MacBook Pro lineup and as expected, the new models come with an OLED panel where the function key row would normally be. Apple is calling this multi-touch OLED display a Touch Bar. The company didn’t say where it sourced the OLED display from but according to a new report, Samsung is the one supplying Apple with the panels for its Touch Bar. A report out of Korea claims that the OLED panel for the new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar comes from Samsung’s Display A2 line and that it was selected because it’s thinner than a conventional LED panel. The control integrated circuit is also said to be supplied by Samsung, its System LSI Business Department to be precise. It can’t be said for sure that Samsung really is the supplier until the new MacBook Pro goes through a teardown and we get a good look at each and every component. It shouldn’t take long now for these new notebooks to get the teardown treatment so we will find that out soon enough. However, it’s quite possible that Samsung really is the supplier because the company is already the main supplier of OLED panels across the globe. Its lead in the global OLED market is unmatched and since Apple has a strict standard that it needs to maintain while sourcing components, Samsung seems to be a natural fit here. Apple is also expected to source the OLED panels for its next-generation iPhone due next year from Samsung. Filed in Apple >Computers. Read more about Macbook Pro, Samsung. Related Articles 2016-11-13 Android Nougat Development For Galaxy S6/S6 Edge Has Begun 2016-11-13 Samsung Encourages Developers To Create Apps For Tizen 2016-11-11 1Password Supports The New MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar & Touch ID 2016-11-10 MacBook Pros With Touch Bar Are Being Prepped For Shipment 2016-11-10 Android 7.0 Beta For Galaxy S7 Includes A Blue Light Filter 2016-11-10 New Report ‘Confirms’ Galaxy S8 Will Not Have A Flat Screen Version 2016-11-10 Samsung Reportedly Hesitating In Launching Foldable Smartphones Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter Possible Reason Why The New MacBook Pros Don’t Have Larger Batteries Apple Mistakes Customer For Saddam Hussein, Refuses Refund Man Officially Changes His Name To ‘iPhone 7’ Just To Win An iPhone Right Side Thunderbolt 3 Ports On 13-Inch MacBook Pro Have Reduced Bandwidth Apple Explains Why New MacBook Pros Max Out At 16GB RAM User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments


null
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware Apple may be addressing biggest problem with new MacBook Pro A new report from KGI Securities said that Apple may be dropping prices on its new MacBook Pro line and adding a 32GB RAM option in late 2017. By Conner Forrest | November 1, 2016, 7:05 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: CNET When Apple unveiled its latest MacBook Pro line in late October, there was one glaring problem with the listed specifications—the RAM tops out at 16GB. For an average user, that should be more than enough, but for power users (the target market for the machine), it may fall short. However, according to a report from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo that was obtained by AppleInsider, this may only be a temporary problem. In the report, Kuo predicted that the second half of 2017 will see a refreshed MacBook Pro line that will include price cuts and a 32GB RAM option. The memory option is dependent on the release of Intel's Cannonlake processors, Kuo said. If the Cannonlake processors don't ship in time, Apple would likely have to use the Intel Coffee Lake processors and would still be limited to a 16GB option, AppleInsider reported. SEE: Apple MacBook Pro 2016: The smart person's guide Kuo's report notes that the switch to USB-C and the limited memory options seem to be a disappointment to users, and he predicted that older MacBook demand would remain steady through mid-2017. However, in late 2017, when he predicted the prices will fall and the memory options will expand, he said he expects the demand to increase. This will also fit in with the growth of the market for accessories that leverage USB-C technology. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter All of these factors have combined to influence what Kuo called "tepid" demand for the new machines. However, this seems to contrast with Apple's supply numbers, as the company sold out of its launch day inventory one day after the new machines were announced. The question on many users' minds is why Apple didn't include the 32GB option in the first place. Apple's Phil Schiller said that any additional memory above 16GB "wouldn't be efficient enough for a notebook." Additional reports seemed to corroborate that claim. Another point of contention raised by some users was Apple's decision to go with the Touch Bar instead of a full touch screen. The Touch Bar itself utilizes a separate ARM processor and a version of watchOS to perform its tasks. The new MacBook Pro marks a departure from the existing line, but Apple is known for making bets on features (or lack of them). Once the device begins shipping, the market will likely see a clearer response to Apple's direction in the space. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Apple's new MacBook Pro may be getting price cuts and a 32GB RAM option in 2017, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. The device was criticized for its high price and lack of memory options, but the company has already sold out of its launch day inventory. The new MacBook Pro is a departure from past models in many ways, especially regarding the Touch Bar implementation and port choices. Click here to subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see Apple's new MacBook Pro: 4 things professionals need to know (TechRepublic) Wish your MacBook Pro had touchscreen? Here's what Microsoft will pay you to switch to Surface (ZDNet) New MacBook Pro is an Intel/ARM hybrid, and here's why it's a big deal (TechRepublic) Hands-on: Apple's new MacBook Pro is a looker (ZDNet) Photos: A first look at Apple's brand new MacBook Pro and Apple TV features (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple has been outsmarted by Microsoft Both Apple and Microsoft have unveiled what is probably the final new hardware offering of 2016 for each company, and an initial assessment suggests that Apple may be in second place. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | November 1, 2016 -- 14:20 GMT (07:20 PDT) | Topic: Laptops Last week was a big week for those of us who keep track of hardware. Microsoft unveiled an updated Surface Book and a completely new product called the Surface Studio, while Apple finally pushed out a much-needed update to its MacBook Pro lineup. While diehard fans will no doubt only need to look at the logo that's emblazoned on the hardware to decide which is the best, I've spent a few days examining the specs and videos of the launch events to look for hints and clues as to what the thinking was that led to each company coming out with the devices they did. And the more I connect the dots, the more I feel that Apple has been outsmarted and outmaneuvered by Microsoft. See also: iPhone 8 rumors -- a reality check See also Apple revamps MacBook Pro with Touch Bar: So long function keys, hello in-app context Unified TV app aims make Apple TV your new set-top box across the small screen In pictures: Apple's new MacBook Pro and more revealed Apple's Mac future resides in the cloud MacBook Airs and Microsoft Surface haven't stopped the PC slide Future MacBooks may have e-ink keyboards CNET Exclusive: Does the Mac still matter? Let's take a look at the differences between what Apple and Microsoft have offered up. First, let's look at Apple's new MacBook Pro laptops. While it seems that Apple has worked hard on redesigning the MacBook Pro's chassis, shaving off a significant amount of weight and thickness, as well as sourcing some high-end components to power the device, the two main changes that Apple has brought to the MacBook Pro are: Consolidating a jumble of ports to a single set of ports The Touch Bar If you're a current MacBook Pro owner, then it won't have escaped you that you have a myriad of different ports at your disposal, ranging from Thunderbolt and USB to HDMI and even an SD card slot. Once you upgrade you're looking at having to hook up any peripherals you rely on to one of the four USB-C ports on offer (three really, because you'll need to keep the fourth available to power the new MacBook Pro). Now if everything you own will hook up to a USB-C port, or you never connect anything to your MacBook Pro, then this is not going to be a worry to you. But if you do connect to stuff -- USB flash drives, backup storage, scanners, displays, ethernet, and so on -- then you're going to have to rely on dongles -- lots of dongles -- or spend money on upgrading your hardware ecosystem. Many believe the problem with dongles is the price, but when you're spending upwards of $1,500 on new hardware, a few bucks on dongles is neither here nor there. The problem comes down to having to transport the dongle around with the laptop, and the hassles and potential hit to productivity when you invariably forget it. What's interesting here is that the people who are going to be the hardest hit by this move are pros, and yet this is who the MacBook Pro is seemingly aimed at. The more you've invested in your Mac's ecosystem, the harder, more expensive, and more disruptive the upgrade becomes. Another thing to bear in mind is that USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 aren't the tidy "universal" ports that the naming suggests. There's a strong chance that not all your existing hardware -- even if it claims USB-C compatibility -- will be compatible. Stephen Foskett has written up a handy guide outlining some of the problems you might run into. And if you do run into problems after buying a new MacBook Pro, then spending more money is the only way to dig yourself out of the hole you've jumped into. As for the Touch Bar, I'm still torn between this being something truly innovative, and some lame stop-gap before Apple makes a touchscreen MacBook Pro. While I can see some interesting possibilities for the Touch Bar, some things bother me: I'm not sure why peering at a tiny touchscreen is better than looking at the main screen. If you watched the launch keynote you'd have noticed that everyone using the Touch Bar was standing. Right now I'm sitting at my desk with my old MacBook Pro in front of me, and I'm not sure that the Touch Bar would be all that useful because of its placement. The Touch Bar demos during the keynote all seemed clumsy to me. Now this could be because of performance anxiety during the event, but it really seemed to me that all the demos could have been better carried out using the existing screen, keyboard, and trackpad. It's also important to bear in mind that while the Touch Bar might be new, the idea has its roots in things such as the Art Lebedev keyboards and technologies such as Windows Vista's SideShow. Despite the price (and the name), the MacBook Pro doesn't feel like it was created with professionals in mind. Gimmicks such as the Touch Bar, along with omissions such as the lack of a high-end 32GB RAM option, make this feel more like an overpriced laptop that kids heading off to college will optimistically ask for. It feels like Apple's almost decade-long focus on making the iPhone a mainstream device has rubbed off on its other hardware. Best productivity accessories for your Windows... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 9 NEXT PREV Let's now come to what Microsoft had to offer us at its event. We got: A solid upgrade to the Surface Book A PC aimed squarely at design professionals What is particularly stand out about the Surface Studio is that Microsoft designed a system that's clearly aimed at creative folks who have deep pockets -- how else could you describe a $3,000+ 28-inch touchscreen system with an adjustable "Zero Gravity" hinge that comes kitted with a pen and the new Surface Dial? -- yet thanks to its four USB 3.0 ports, SD card reader, and mini DisplayPort, it should be able to slip seamlessly onto any designer's desk without any real peripheral headache. Microsoft has designed a high-end desktop PC for professionals who already use a PC. And you can bring a Surface Studio into the fold without having to upgrade everything else on your desk. So, why do I think that Microsoft has outsmarted and outmaneuvered Apple? Because while there's no doubt that Apple knows how to innovate, it feels like the company has lost sight of professionals. The mantra of "thinner, lighter, and fewer ports" fits in with what we've come to expect from Apple, but these are rarely features I hear being requested by professionals. Equally, while the Touch Bar is certainly innovative, and gives Apple a new feature to promote on its website and on the box, it's again not what pros are asking for. Microsoft, on the other hand, has with the Surface Studio taken the PC and tweaked the form factor a little to make it more useful, and then crammed it with high-end hardware aimed at creative types. In fact, many design pros I know will now be able to replace their expensive pen displays -- a 27-inch Cintiq pen display is $2,299, and you still need a computer to drive it -- with a 28-inch Surface Studio, without upgrading every other piece of hardware or peripheral they have. Microsoft has resisted the temptation to build a "one-size-fits-all-PC" and has come out with a focused product suited to creative professionals. Which, oddly enough, is where Apple was a few years ago. Microsoft's interest in developing high-end PCs now puts considerable pressure on Apple, especially given how old and stale Apple's desktop computer lineup is. Interesting times are ahead. A dozen, faster, better or cheaper alternatives... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 12 NEXT PREV See also: There are two versions of the iPhone 7 -- did you end up with a fast one or a slow one? How to avoid buying counterfeit Apple cables and chargers It's time to stop obsessing over PC sales Apple's disgracefully outdated Mac lineup is killing sales Google destroys the Android fan myth that the iPhone is too expensive Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Laptops Top Windows 10-powered alternatives to the MacBook Pro Apple If you want a MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas Hardware Hhgregg Black Friday ad includes 12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro deal Mobility Office Depot/OfficeMax Black Friday ad features $119 Windows 2-in-1 tablet, $169 HP laptop × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version November 1, 2016 - 18:40 AMT SHARE Apple mulls cutting Apple Music price by 20% - report Apple is reportedly investigating a major price drop for its Apple Music streaming service, a move that could potentially trim $2 off the going rates of both individual and family plans by the holiday season, AppleInsider says. Citing a pair of sources who have "worked closely" with Apple Music since its launch, Digital Music News reports Apple might lop as much as 20 percent off current subscription pricing. If implemented, individual Apple Music plans would drop from $9.99 to $7.99 per month, while family plans could move from $14.99 to $12.99, a significant decrease when compared to competing services. Student pricing would remain unchanged at $4.99 per month. The publication was quick to note that while "serious discussions" are ongoing within Apple, the cuts may not materialize. That said, the new price tiers could potentially debut as soon as December as part of a holiday promotion. The report's wording implies the pricing launch as a one-time deal, meaning customers who sign up during the aforementioned holiday promo period will keep the reduced pricing as long as they continue monthly payments. Users signed up for the standard three-month trial window will automatically be switched to the new rate, while existing subscribers might be transitioned to the lower rate "if it becomes permanent," though details remain murky. Driving discussions to lower Apple Music's costs is Amazon, which recently introduced an all-you-can-eat music streaming service called Music Unlimited, the report said. For regular consumers, Music Unlimited comes at a price commensurate of Apple Music's $9.99 per month fee, though that cost drops to $7.99 for members of the e-commerce giant's Prime program. Echo owners have access to an even more affordable $3.99 per month rates, though the plan restricts access to a single Echo, Echo Dot, or Tap speaker, AppleInsider says. It should be noted that Digital Music News previously issued a spurious report claiming Apple would end iTunes downloads in the near future. Similar to today's report, the publication cited sources who worked with Apple but who are not directly affiliated with the company as saying the monumental change would occur either "within two years" or "the next 3-4 years, maybe longer." The rumor was thoroughly debunked in separate statements from Tom Neumayr and services chief Eddy Cue, prompting Digital Music News to soften its prediction in a subsequent report. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
News Stocks Technology Healthcare Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsIs Apple (AAPL) Eyeing a Fresh Bid for This Media Giant? Is Apple (AAPL) Eyeing a Fresh Bid for This Media Giant? It’s not unheard of for mega-deals to get broken up by a higher or more attractive offers. AT&T may not have Time Warner in the bag just yet. November 1, 2016 Avi Eberstein According to a recent report from the New York Post, it has been revealed that bankers at Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) are urging tech giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to make a rival bid for Time Warner (TWX). Last week U.S. carrier AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) announced that it was acquiring the media/entertainment giant for $85.4 billion. The blockbuster deal, wherein AT&T is expected to pay up to $110 a share per TWX share in cash and stock, would allow Dallas-based AT&T to gain access to a $60 billion multimedia content empire, including HBO, CNN, TNT and film studio Warner Bros. However, the deal with both presidential candidates raising alarms over it will first have to go through heavy government scrutiny before it closes. So, given the fact the merger is far from final, another bidder can give AT&T some serious competition. “They are freaking out trying to convince Apple to come in,” The Post said, explaining that Goldman was “left on the sidelines” in advising on AT&T’s agreement to merge with Time Warner. Apple late last year explored the possibility of buying Time Warner with Apple senior VP of software and services Eddy Cue suggesting the idea at a meeting with Time Warner’s head of corporate strategy, Olaf Olafsson. Apple has long been rumored to want to launch a skinny TV service for its Apple TV product and other Apple devices. So it came as no surprise when three days after AT&T announced its merger with Time Warner, Apple CEO Tim Cook said he is open to making a large purchase of his own. When asked about his strategy around larger acquisitions during the company’s Q4 earnings report, Cook said, “We’re open to acquisitions of any size that are of strategic value where we can deliver better products to our customers and innovate more. We look at a whole variety of companies and, based on that, we choose whether to move forward or not. We’re definitely open and we definitely look.” “I would confirm that television has intense interest with me and many other people here. In terms of owning content and creating content.” News of a potential acquisition, which is worth noting- for the time being is just a rumor, will certainly please Apple shareholders who are looking for Cupertino to expand into other areas for revenue growth, growth that should reflect in the stock’s price-per-share. Apple’s stock rose 1 percent to $113.77 at the close in New York yesterday. This morning ticker is down by 75 cents. The $603 billion market cap company, currently with a trailing-12 and forward P/E of 13.69 and 11.31, respectively, has now lost nearly 5 percent year-over-year, while gaining more than 8 percent year-to-date. Apple has a median Street price target of $133 with a high target of $185. AAPL Previous article Next article Related Articles Business Apple (AAPL) Developing An iOS-based Watch, Report February 11, 2013 WSP News Apple Inc. (AAPL): Analyst Gives Apple Stock Cautious Nod July 8, 2016 WSP News News Buzz: Yahoo (YHOO), Apple (AAPL), Visa (V), PayPal (PYPL), Netflix (NFLX) May 25, 2016 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest The Fed Faces The Donald November 14, 2016 Amazon Stock: 2017 Might Be a Year for Spending, Not Earning (AMZN) November 14, 2016 How to Play the Stock Market Under President Trump November 14, 2016 Falling Apps Or Rising Bots: Which Will Prevail? November 13, 2016 AI: One of the Biggest Threats to the Future of Humanity November 13, 2016 Markets SPY 216.59 +0.17 +0.08% Nikkei 17672.62 +297.83 +1.71% UK 6753.18 +22.75 +0.34% France 4508.55 +19.28 +0.43% Germany 10693.69 +25.74 +0.24% EUR / USD 1.0739 -0.0113 -1.04% GBP / USD 1.2495 -0.0101 -0.80% CAD / USD 0.7376 -0.0012 -0.16% AUD / USD 0.7554 +0.0013 +0.17% Oil Fut 43.72 +0.31 +0.71% Gold Fut 1221.00 -3.30 -0.27% Editor’s Picks A Solar Flare Has Cracked The Earth’s Magnetic Field November 8, 2016 The Matrix is Real and We’re All Robot Grub October 9, 2016 Beyond Software, Microsoft Wants to “Solve” Cancer (MSFT) September 21, 2016 Amazon’s Daring Move Could Mean the End of Cable Subscriptions (AMZN) September 19, 2016 Microsoft Plans to Turn the Seas into Giant Data Centers (MSFT) September 18, 2016 How Virtual Reality Gave Me My Brain Back (Samsung VR) August 14, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2016 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. The Next Generation iPhone Could Come With A Curved OLED Display Huffington Post UK 11/1/2016 Oscar Williams © Issei Kato / Reuters The iPhone 8 is reportedly getting an organic light-emitting diode (OLED) display. For months, Apple has been rumoured to be considering the screens, and now a key supplier has confirmed the speculation is true. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% TransDigm Group Inc TDG ▼ 252.94 -19.35 -7.11% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 719.07 -19.94 -2.70% Sharp’s president Tai Jeng-wu told students in Tappei the iPhone is switching from LCD to OLED panels, Nikkei Asian Review reported. Nikkei reported that Tai said: “We don’t know whether Apple’s OLED iPhones will be a hit, but if Apple doesn’t walk down this path and transform itself, there will be no innovation. It is a crisis but it is also an opportunity.” Tai is an executive at Sharp’s parent company Foxconn Technology Group, a key iPhone part supplier and assembler. One of the major draws of OLED technology is its ability to flex, as it does in the Samsung S7 Edge and Note 7.  Nikkei Asian Review reported in August that at least one of the next generation iPhones would come with a Samsung-like curved OLED.  A source told Nikkei: “There will be a 4.7-inch model, another that will be 5.5-inches and a premium handset that will be either 5.5-inches or larger equipped with a screen bent on the two sides.” The source added that the first two would still get flat screens.  In addition to being bendy, OLEDs displays are sharper, more colourful and much tougher than LCDs. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Huffington Post UK How safe is it to connect to public Wi-Fi networks? Huffington Post UK Baby, 3, becomes an overnight millionaire Huffington Post UK This Is What The Internet Looks Like In North Korea Huffington Post UK The 'World's Saddest Polar Bear' Is Offered A Home In Yorkshire Huffington Post UK Huffington Post UK View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US Election World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple's iPhone 8 (iPhone 7s) could feature huge change that fans may not see coming The Cupertino giant is likely to take a drastic leap that can change the display of its future iPhones completely. Raymond Ronamai   November 1, 2016 19:59 IST Apple will create 4,000 jobs with new Maps development office in HyderabadREUTERS/Mike Segar Everybody will expect Apple to bring out something big for the iPhone's 10th anniversary next year, and more so because of the sluggish sale of its products of late. Apple fans will expect the upcoming handset, which could be named iPhone 8 or iPhone 7s (name not confirmed), to have several upgrades over its predecessor, but not this. Why advertise with us? It has now emerged that the Cupertino giant is likely to take a drastic leap that can change the display of its future iPhones completely. Reports have claimed that Apple is planning to switch from LTPS to OLED (organic light-emitting diode) panels as seen in Samsung devices. [READ: iPhone 8: Apple patent hints at virtual home button in iPhone 7 successor] Tai Jeng-wu, President of Sharp, which supplies panels for iPhones, told students at Tatung University that Apple might switch to OLED panels for its future devices. It comes at a time when the company is trying to revive the sales of its products by introducing new features. "The iPhone has been evolving and now it is switching from LTPS (low-temperature poly-silicon) to OLED panels," Nikkei quoted Tai as saying. "We don't know whether Apple's OLED iPhones will be a hit, but if Apple doesn't walk down this path and transform itself, there will be no innovation. It is a crisis but it is also an opportunity." "We are now building a new [OLED] facility in Japan. We can make [OLED panels] in the US too," he said. "If our key customer demands us to manufacture in the US, is it possible for us not to do so?" Tai didn't confirm when Apple might make the transition, but fans may like to believe that it will happen with the upcoming iPhone to be released in 2017. It was earlier reported that Apple had signed a three-year deal with Samsung to supply OLED panels for its future iPhones. Nothing is confirmed at the moment but it is obvious that shifting to OLED will help Apple make thinner devices. [Source: Nikkei] Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Update HTC One (M8) with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM 10 hours ago By Rohit KVN AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online 10 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Supermoon 2016 India and US: Best places and time to watch Jackie Chan's dreams come true, Police Story actor wins Oscar Why advertise with us? most popular Resort to chekcing your Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus now for Android Nougat OS update Rumour mills are currently abuzz with a lot of things concerning Android Nougat rollout to Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Apple AirPods set to hit stores next week Apple's much awaited AirPods are expected to be released in Europe later this month. Apple iPhone 8 to come with drastically changed display panel Apple's iPhone 7 series successor, iPhone 8 is expected to come with massive upgrades in terms of design language and display panel. Xiaomi Mi 3W, Mi 4 get Android Nougat update via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat custom ROM on Xiaomi Mi 3W and Mi 4. Does Reliance Jio free voice call get limited to less than 30 minutes? Do let us know, if your Reliance Jio free voice call got disconnected mid-way even though there were no official call drops. Decoding mystery behind Morse Code; headphones and Easter Eggs in Battlefield 1 Important updates for Battlefield 1 gamers. AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online Most of the passwords were stored in plain text. OnePlus 4 now rumoured to feature dual rear cameras upon release New rumours point at a dual primary camera set-up on the next-gen OnePlus 4 smartphone. Photo Gallery In pictures: Supermoon around the world In pictures: Supermoon around the world Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones Apple Apple pulls exclusive £1,000-a-month Rich Kids social network app from App Store An app meant for only the super-rich has been pulled from the iTunes App Store for being 'inappropriate'. By Mary-Ann Russon November 1, 2016 14:35 GMT Apple has removed an iPhone social network app only meant for the rich and famous from the iTunes App StoreRich Kids Apple has made the decision to remove an exclusive iPhone app from Slovakia designed only for the extremely wealthy to use from the iTunes App Store, deeming that the app is inappropriate. The Rich Kids app was launched in early October, targeting only "the real rich and famous" to join an exclusive social network where they could share pictures of their wealth and make sure that only other "real millionaires" could see them. In order to join, members have to be able to pay a £1,000 monthly subscription, and the app is inspired by the Rich Kids of Instagram hashtag trend, whereby heirs and heiresses share photos of their jet-setting lives, as well as images of how they treat their incredibly expensive possessions, from pouring bottles of Moet into the sea, burning stacks of cash and using Apple iPads and iPhones to prop up wobbly tables. The app has received a huge amount of criticism from internet users, who see the app as either a scam trying to rip off rich people, or as a way to make elitism even worse than it already is. However the app developers say that they will donate a third of all revenue to charity, and they feel that the wealthy shouldn't have to slum it with everyone else on Instagram. Nevertheless, the service still managed to sign up wealthy young socialites and entrepreneurs like 24-year-old Turkish real estate mogul Emir Bahadir, Ukranian socialite Julia Stakhiva (who told ITV that she flies her Russian hairstylist from Moscow to London on an almost daily basis), 25-year-old Israeli skincare heir Dor Bukobza and Robert Cavalli, the son of iconic fashion designer Roberto Cavalli. "Apple has recently removed Rich Kids from App Store. Rich Kids didn't break any App Store guideline or rule and it was purely a decision of Apple's App Store Review Team which found the app inappropriate," Fox Valley Apps said in a statement posted on the official Rich Kids app website. "Rather then let people decide if they like Rich Kids app or not, Apple did this decision for all iPhone users. The app will continue to work for everybody who downloaded Rich Kids app before removal." We can't imagine why you would, but if you still have a burning desire to be part of the Rich Kids' exclusive club, you can still access it from the web and look at all the posts made, but you can only join in and upload photographs if you too can pony up the £1,000 fee. Read more about Instagram on IBTimes UK: 'Rich Kids of Tehran' Instagram Account Shows Iranian Elite 'are Immune to Islamic Law' Instagram rolls out new 'save draft' feature to all users Orlando Bloom pokes fun at naked photos as he goes public on Instagram Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Five reasons Donald Trump won the US presidency Columnists James Bloodworth “Privileged liberals should accept economics led to Trump's victory – not an upsurge in racism READ MORE Donald Trump says social media 'helped' him win the election Donald Trump said social media is a 'modern form of communication' that played a key role in his historic victory. Amazon Black Friday Sales 2016: Day One's deals Amazon UK has exclusive offers over the next 12 days that change everyday – here are the best deals today. WikiLeaks: Who is Julian Assange and why is he wanted by Sweden? Julian Assange is being questioned in London over sexual assault claims. Cybercriminals can steal all your passwords from thin air with this $25 Wi-Fi hack Security researchers say they can obtain your passwords, PINs and swipes by analysing Wi-Fi signals. Watch Dogs 2 includes teaser trailer for possible unannounced Ubisoft sci-fi game Teaser Easter egg has a certain No Man's Sky feel to it. Dishonored 2 review: Arkane Studios and Bethesda produce one of the finest stealth games ever Welcome to Karnaca, please don't mind the corpses. SMS relay allows users to send and receive messages using Skype on Windows 10 devices Skype team is working to bring SMS relay support for Android in future. Amazon Music Unlimited launches in UK to compete with Apple Music, Tidal and Spotify An Echo-owner's subscription plan for a single device would cost £3.99 a month. OnePlus 3T teased ahead of launch, Snapdragon 821 and Android Nougat 7.0 'confirmed' in new leak Super-powered OxygenOS smartphone expected to be an upgraded version of the impressive OnePlus 3. Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge Android Nougat firmware development underway The update will most likely hit the devices by early 2017. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Technology Explained 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: iPhone 7 Plus Review & Giveaway iPhone and iPad iPhone 7 Plus Review & Giveaway Tim Brookes November 1, 2016 01-11-2016 9 minutes iPhone 7 Plus Review & Giveaway Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google This year’s iPhone 7 and Plus model updates break with convention. For the first time ever Apple has opted to maintain the same general design three years in a row, while introducing some exciting, divisive, and long-overdue features. So is this a sign that the company is stagnating? Or is it simply a case of “if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it” in action? I’ve spent a few weeks with the shiny new Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus, the first Plus model I’ve touched since 2014’s 6 Plus iPhone 6 Plus Review and Giveaway iPhone 6 Plus Review and Giveaway The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus is Apple's latest and perhaps strangest addition to its range of tablets and smartphones. Read More . So is it any good, and should you upgrade? Even better: we’re giving ours away, a 128GB model in Jet Black – enter below for your chance to win! iPhone 7 Plus Giveaway Ads by Google Another Big Slab of iPhone I’ve never owned a Plus-sized iPhone, though I spent a few months using the iPhone 6 Plus when it was first released around two years ago. Since then the design has changed very little — Apple still uses the same rounded aluminium chassis, a protruding camera, and a choice of 4.7″ and 5.5″ screen sizes. Rumor has it the company is waiting on next year’s design to really shake things up Why You Might Want to Skip the iPhone 7 & Wait for the iPhone 8 Why You Might Want to Skip the iPhone 7 & Wait for the iPhone 8 2017 marks ten years of iPhones, and rumor has it that Apple has something very special planned. Read More , and considering the number of rumors that were proven to be true with the arrival of this unit you might be inclined to buy into that. The one difference in presentation this time round is your choice of glossy Jet Black, and a regular Black with a more traditional matte appearance. I’d forgotten just how big the Plus models are, and more importantly how difficult one-handed use can be. I have relatively large hands and I still had to adjust my grip to use the phone one-handed. Add a case and you’re looking at an even bigger problem, though the weighting of the phone seems better this time round. The iPhone 6 Plus I last used felt very top heavy, like it was prone to slipping forward out of your hand — but that’s not the case here. One-handed use becomes an even bigger predicament when combined with the glossy finish of the Jet Black model. In addition to being more slippery than the aluminium finish I’m used to, it’s a fingerprint and grease magnet. This might not matter very much if you’re in the majority who opt to protect their device with a case. In that case, who cares what color you choose? There’s minimal difference in the weight and thickness this time round, with the 7 Plus weighing 188g to the 6s Plus’ 192g. It’s about 50g heavier than the smaller iPhone 7, and 0.2mm thicker. It’s very much business as usual on the outside, which might not be a bad thing, but I’m a little guilty of feeling like it’s a bit old hat now. All models of iPhone 7 do great job of hiding the antenna on the back of the device, but you’ll probably never notice. It’s comfortable to hold, at least if you have big hands. Two-handed typing is a joy thanks to larger keys, but it still feels obnoxiously big in your pocket sometimes. I’m looking forward to a design refresh, but that probably says more about me than the iPhone. One thing is clear though: don’t buy a Plus model if you think the 4.7″ model is big enough, especially if you’re still rocking an old iPhone 5s or coming from an SE. Look Ma, No Headphone Jack Most iPhone 7 related news stories focused on one thing: the lack of a headphone jack. It’s not the first time Apple has shunned technology in the pursuit of progress 7 Technologies Apple Shunned to Make the World a Better Place 7 Technologies Apple Shunned to Make the World a Better Place The iPhone 7 is here and it's missing a headphone port. The internet is up in arms about the news, but it's hardly the first time the company has pulled such a stunt. Read More , and though it’s proven to be a divisive move, it’s not as bad as you may have been led to believe. Apple includes a pair of their basic EarPods with a lightning connector in the box. These aren’t going to replace your nice pair of aftermarket headphones, but the do the job just as well as the last pair did Sound Advice: Are Apple's Free EarPods Really That Bad? Sound Advice: Are Apple's Free EarPods Really That Bad? Apple's free earphones have a reputation being utter garbage — but are we being too harsh on the pearly white fashion accessories? Read More . There’s also a 3.5mm to lightning adapter you can use, which doesn’t deliver any discernible loss of quality over the iPhone 6s or earlier models. There’s also support for Apple’s new W1 wireless technology and Bluetooth headphones (over a low energy connection), but you don’t need to jump foot-first into wireless audio just yet. The only real problem is charging your device and using wired audio at the same time, for which you can buy third party adapters with lightning passthrough. The iPhone 7 Plus’ standout feature is its dual-lens (and dual-sensor) camera. It’s a really nice touch, and one that smartphone photographers are going to love. Apple divides these lenses by “wide angle” and “telephoto” though both of these terms are a stretch given the effective focal length of each. The “wide angle” is the faster, superior camera which is also found in the iPhone 7. It’s equipped with a slightly larger sensor, aperture of f/1.8, and a 35mm equivalent focal length of about 30mm. Low light performance is great thanks to the wide aperture, bokeh is creamy, and it’s a capable all-rounder. The “telephoto” manages an aperture of f/2.8 and a 35mm equivalent of 56mm. It’s arguably a better focal length for portraiture, despite a slightly inferior sensor and slower lens. Most importantly it reduces the reliance on digital zoom, which is a blight on the digital camera world. How much you’ll use it on a daily basis is debatable, but below you can see a quick comparison from the exact same angle. As you’d expect, video performance is equally impressive particularly when using the wide lens in low light. A new quad-LED True Tone flash improves the iPhone 7 and Plus model’s ability to balance for white, and the front-facing camera has seen a boost from 5 megapixels to 7 for even better selfies. Photo performance is probably one of the top reasons to choose a Plus-sized iPhone, and a compelling reason to upgrade from an iPhone 6-era device. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are the first of Apple’s smartphones to include dust and water resistance, in accordance with the IP67 rating. This means you can submerge your iPhone to a depth of 1 metre for an hour, which in real world terms means your iPhone can survive a dunk in the sink or heavy rainstorm. Apple is a bit late to the party since Sony and Samsung have been doing this for a while, but it’s an important leap forward nevertheless. Apple has also added stereo speakers to both models, and the phone is twice as loud as the iPhone 6s. They’re still tinny-sounding smartphone speakers, but they’re louder, and the positioning on the top and bottom really suit a device like the 7 Plus, which works well in landscape mode thanks to its large size. Like water and dust-proofing, it’s a catch-up feature but one that’s great to finally see. The Home button has also received an overhaul, and it’s not longer a button at all. Instead Apple used haptic feedback to imitate the click of a physical button. It’s one of my favorite new features, and the result genuinely feels like the entire bottom half of the phone is clicking inwards. Less moving parts is another important step forward, and eliminates one of the iPhone’s longstanding liabilities. Finally the screen features a 25% wider color gamut, just like the iPad Pro. It looks great, and it’s a huge step up from the screen found on the cheaper iPhone SE. Living With the 7 Plus In terms of performance, it’s business as usual for the new iPhone thanks to a new A10 Fusion chip which ensures a smooth and stutter-free experience. Each new iPhone needs to feel new and slick, and that’s exactly what the 7 Plus delivers. It certainly makes my two-year old iPhone 6 seem slow and outdated. The iPhone 6s family with its A9 chip still feels relatively fast, but it’s started to show its age with the arrival of iOS 10. The iPhone 7 smooths out the experience, with fast Spotlight search, responsive widgets, better app performance and an instant-on “raise to wake” response. This is all helped along with an added 1GB of RAM over the previous model, taking the total to 3GB. This ensures a silky smooth browsing experience, even when switching between tabs. Multitasking performance also benefits. This marks the third year of RAM improvements, with Apple adding 1GB per iPhone generation since 2014’s iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus also mark the death of the 16GB base storage capacity. The iPhone now starts at 32GB, with 128GB and 256GB options also available. There are reports of performance dips on the 32GB model, and if we’re being honest the arrival of 4K video and Live Photos will fill up the cheapest model pretty quickly. The other reason to choose a Plus-sized iPhone over the regular version — aside from the telephoto lens — is battery life. A bigger device means more room for a bigger battery, and that’s exactly what Apple delivered. The Plus model can potentially last twice as long than its smaller counterpart, depending on what you’re using your phone for. In terms of real world usage this means your phone is far more likely to last all day, even if you’re browsing on 4G, shooting 4K video, talking Siri’s ear off, and making heavy use of iOS 10’s new widgets. If battery really is your primary concern, ask yourself if you can live with a massive phone or not. If the answer is yes, the Plus model really does make the difference. Finally it wouldn’t be an iPhone review if we didn’t at least mention iOS 10. The latest version of the iPhone OS hasn’t seen the biggest update in 2016 iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now Apple's tenth revision of its mobile operating system is here. This is how to upgrade right now for free. Read More , but there are a few standout features. The new lockscreen widgets are handy iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here's How to Put Them to Good Use iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here's How to Put Them to Good Use Apple's new widgets in iOS 10 might not seem like a big deal, but developers have already made great use of this new function. Here's how to use them. Read More if you’re into that sort of thing, and the A10 chip means they don’t cause any of the stutters you may be used to if you’re coming from an older device. 3D Touch is used liberally all over the place, in particular to get more out of the new notifications. As the feature is a year-old now, it’s also far more common to see third party app support. And of course, Siri is much more capable which makes the “Hey, Siri” hands-free capabilities of the new iPhone all the more useful. Should You Upgrade? The iPhone 7 continues the iterative upgrade path Apple has laid out over recent years. It’s an evolution of the concept, and not the revolution many were hoping for. But it doesn’t seem right to complain that the iPhone 7 isn’t more radically different, when the iPhone 6s ticked so many boxes. The catch-up nature of the device may be a bit boring, with water resistance and stereo speakers finally making an appearance, but these are features many of us have wanted to see on Apple’s smartphone for a few years. In fact, Apple’s biggest “innovation” this time round might be the removal of the 3.5mm jack — though the headlines would have you believe that most don’t consider it progress. If you’re still hanging on to an iPhone 6-era smartphone, you might want to give the iPhone 7 (UK) or 7 Plus (UK) some serious thought. If you’re an iPhone 6s owner, there’s probably not enough here to justify the expense and you may be better off waiting for next year’s model anyway. Apple iPhone 7 Plus Unlocked Phone 32 GB - US Version (Black) Apple iPhone 7 Plus Unlocked Phone 32 GB - US Version (Black) Keep everything you love about iPhone up to date, secure, and accessible from any device with iCloud. Buy Now At Amazon $921.00 As for whether you need a Plus-sized iPhone, that depends. The camera is nice but you can live without it, the battery life is impressive especially if you’re coming from a regular-sized iPhone, and the lack of headphone jack isn’t as big of a deal as you might think. But it’s massive, so you should head to a shop and play with it (and perform the pocket test) before you lay down the cash. Our verdict of the iPhone 7 Plus 128GB: An important leap forward for Apple smartphones, but the Plus-sized model still isn’t for everyone. A worthy upgrade from the iPhone 6 or earlier, but not so much if you still have last year’s model.810 Previous Post13 iPhone Apps to Plan and Host an Awesome PartyNext PostBored at Work? 3 Audio Apps Guaranteed to Entertain You 37 comments Write a Comment ed buisan November 14, 2016 at 8:31 am good luck to everyone and a huge congratulations to the one who wins this awesome iphone 7..kudos and thanks MUO!!! i did joined the giveaway though, it would be a great leap from sony ericssons arc 18 to ios i7 if ever i win this fantastic gift from MUO..still a huge thanks to this giveaway.. much love to you guys from philippines.. Reply wahyu November 14, 2016 at 6:20 am APPLE Reply Edmilson Meque Manuel November 13, 2016 at 1:01 am Pleasse code for vídeo Reply Louis Britt C. November 12, 2016 at 1:52 pm I really don't know a lot about the IPhone , I am disabled and old school, I use a Trac fone, BUT my Daughter (that I am raising alone, (she is on the honor roll, has been for about 5 years) Loves new Tech.. And has been wanting a IPhone 7. I just cant afford it for her. But she has worked so hard, I really think she deserves to be rewarded for her hard work, I feel bad I cant afford anything for Christmas, It would be a blessing to win it for her. Thank You,, Louis C. Reply Eldo Jacob November 12, 2016 at 8:58 am The performance seems to be ultra smooth and fast.And no doubt anyone can make use of that telephoto lens for great pictures.Great work Reply Susie November 9, 2016 at 9:37 pm I love your reviews... so detailed, clear and concise compared to anyone else. The camera looks amazing and I'm hearing from friends they love iOS 10 on it. I'm not able to get one, my daughter died last year and my husband in September.... but I would love to have the video camera for my new granddaughter. Thank you for the chance and good luck to everyone! Reply Humam-GFE November 9, 2016 at 10:18 pm Sad story like my but no dead people im just poor good luck ?? Reply Humam-GFE November 8, 2016 at 10:10 pm great giveaway Reply Humam-GFE November 8, 2016 at 10:06 pm hello i really love MUD i hope i will win giveaway never win before and never buy phone before im almost to be 17 this giveaway end on my birthday 19 November i dont have anything i use my father laptop it is old made in 2008 and very slow and cant work video on 480p i hope you will make my dreams true i love iphone win this mean everything for i swear to you all is true hope to win it will be the best birthday of my life thank you soooo much for reading ;( Reply Humam-GFE November 9, 2016 at 10:16 pm MUO makeuseof i was have to do something i write MUD lol really great site and i meant ?? Reply vacheli November 8, 2016 at 5:15 am Considering I have the 5c maybe i should upgrade. And the bigger phone may be perfect since I do read a lot of articles on my phone. Great review as always. Reply Giorgio Tulio Scampini Chin Aleong November 7, 2016 at 10:11 pm Es indudable que todo el que esta participando quiere ganar este iPhone 7 plus y es que no se puede negar lo que esta a simple vista, es sin duda el mejor smartphone del mercado en términos de funcionalidad, seguridad, diseño, actualizaciones, cámaras, etc, etc, etc, no quede la menor duda quiero ganar este smartphone. Reply Bruce November 7, 2016 at 7:21 pm Ugh no headset port, but if I win I'll give it a try.... Reply nevereventouchedaniphone November 6, 2016 at 7:35 pm Apple introduced the water-proofing technology a little too late in the game considering how most flagship Android phones have already been sporting this feature for quite some time now. Nonetheless, the iPhone 7 is still a beast of a phone and outshines any other Android device in the market. Really pumped for the giveaway. I hope I win something for the first time in my life! Reply Pamela November 6, 2016 at 5:22 am Improved camera lens functions and water/dustproofing are definitely the appeal of this iphone! I've been disappointed with the camera on the iphones, and it would be so cool to not have to use some third party camera app to take what you should be able to get on such a pricey phone, especially when you're not into (or good at) manual control. It's one thing to take the time to learn your digital or film camera, but I don't want to have to read endless tutorials to get the best I can get on my phone. I don't really get the whole headphone thing but your explanation helped. It's no news that Apple is a proprietary phone master, liking to keep us to themselves. Just glad sound is improved with this one. Thanks for the great review! It could be 2025 before I can buy a new phone, so thanks as well for sponsoring this! Reply Alyasia Maddox November 6, 2016 at 3:11 am I would like to win the iPhone 7 because I have a 60 dollar phone that isnt very good quality. My mom has 6 kids and I am the oldest, she tries to treat all of us equal . With that being said she can't splurge on me , with her raising us by herself honestly she is struggling . The iPhone 7 was one of the thinks on this years Christmas list, but more than likely she won't be able to get it . -Thanks for your time , have a nice day Reply Jermyra November 5, 2016 at 8:21 pm Hi tbh I not going make up a lie but I REALLY want iPhone 7 I have been looking up ways to get free but that's not happen and would ion got the like money like that 14 I'm trying make money babysitting but it ain't working???? but if I don't win the person who win is lucky tell I said and I hope good who really need it like Reply Anis November 5, 2016 at 7:01 pm Awesome! ????? Me! ?? Me!?? Me!?? Tqvm.. Muchas Gracias Reply James Malmonibo November 5, 2016 at 1:51 pm I really love this Smartphone!!!I'm from Philippines...My family is too rich and it's not too poor..Mostly we have financial problem I saw my mother crying because of that problem but I'm studying hard to pursue my family and reach my dreamon the future...so I hope I picked the winner??? Reply Konstadinos Papadopoulos November 5, 2016 at 8:14 am I really love this phone ????But price is the problem for me?So fingers crossed for the giveaway? Reply Rayvin Ritarita November 5, 2016 at 5:53 am my family is not really wealthy. in fact we are having lots of money issues and i don't wanna add up my 'want' for an iPhone to them. i hope i will be picked as the winner. i want to test out how this device works and i want a phone with good features. my android phone is slow as hell especially with snapchat. what i love about iPhone is its amazing camera features and the ability to buy songs on iTunes to listen to my fav artists. i really hope i win this. this is like my dream phone. hope u will pay attention to my messages to see my valuable reasons to win this giveaway (((-: all the love Reply Rayvin Ritarita November 5, 2016 at 5:52 am hi. thank yOU SO MUCH FOR GIVING US THIS OPPORTUNITY TO JOIN THIS COMPETITION. I HOPE I WILL THIS GIVEAWAY. I'VE NEVER HAD AN APPLE DEVICE IN MY ENTIRE LIFE CONSIDERING THAT I AM STILL IN SCHOOL I CAN'T AFFORD STUFFS THAT I WANT ON MY OWN. I HOPE YOU WILL CHOOSE ME I WANNA TRY THE LIFE OF HAVING AN APPLE DEVICE. Reply Narendra Garach November 5, 2016 at 12:16 am I have an iPad that I am now using for a long time and love it. It would be nice to win this iphone and see if it is as good and reliable as the ipad. Reply Rayvin Ritarita November 5, 2016 at 5:55 am same Reply Vimal J November 4, 2016 at 5:15 am Love to win the jet black iPhone 7 Plus ? Reply Rohit Dhyani November 3, 2016 at 3:10 pm Hope you notice my efforts this time Reply Kris November 3, 2016 at 1:49 pm I had 6 plus and I was happy with it, but then I changed my mind and bought 7 plus. Until I had 7 plus the 6 was ok, but when I got 7 it's a lot of difference, now the 6 looks so slooow. I use my phone all the time, so it's worth the money. For someone who just use it for messages, calls and Facebook, well you don't understand and you don't need that kind of phone. Reply margherita November 2, 2016 at 2:32 pm I'm not sure to buy iphone 7s..but great article! fingred crossed for giveaway Reply Jerry November 2, 2016 at 2:23 pm Large hands not a problem with me. But small pockets that is an issue. But count me in for the plus. My wife always has room in her purse for a new 7 Plus. Reply Vince corciega November 2, 2016 at 1:34 pm Meee ?? Reply Ron Aron November 2, 2016 at 12:46 pm A real toss up. There's always a new set of bells and whistles, so why get seduced into consumerism...unless it's a free giveaway! The product does look appealing, though. Reply Giorgio Tulio Scampini Chin Aleong November 2, 2016 at 11:03 am Del nuevo iPhone 7 me gusta la seguridad de Icloud, así como, el touch ID, me encanta el nuevo escáner de huella digital y botón de inicio, me encanta que es un producto de Apple, también su pantalla de 5,5 pulgadas, es el tamaño perfecto para mí, me gusta su doble cámara trasera, pero de todas las cosas que me gustan de un iPhone 7 plus, la que mas me gusta, es la psiobilidad de ser el feliz propietario de un iPhone 7 Plus , eso sería lo mejor Reply Giorgio Tulio Scampini Chin Aleong November 1, 2016 at 11:03 pm New iPhone 7 Plus I like the security of Icloud, touch ID, I love the new start button fingerprint scanner, I love to be Apple, and I like her 5.5-inch screen, it is the perfect size for me, I really like your dual rear camera, but of all the things I like an iPhone 7 plus It's become the happy owner of an iPhone 7 Plus, that would be the most wonderful thing Reply Rena Walter November 1, 2016 at 8:54 pm Great! I've never had anything but a Trac flip phone. My husband has one, and he can't find a clip carrier for it. He had one that broke the first year, but the company doesn't make them anymore. Reply Brendan Wang November 1, 2016 at 6:16 pm What can i do to enter the giveaway ? Reply Arie Kembario November 1, 2016 at 4:13 pm thank this giveaway but i don't understand type in the code that appears here (Youtube) Reply Saku November 1, 2016 at 12:54 pm Sweet. Thanks, MUO! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tim Brookes 1098 articles Tim is Mac and iOS editor for MakeUseOf and can currently be found living in Melbourne, Australia. You can find him on Twitter at @timbrookes. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway James Bruce November 4, 2016 04-11-2016 Advertisement Trending The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale November 10, 2016 10-11-2016 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Smart Home 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Joel Lee November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Security Tech News You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Dave Parrack November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Product Reviews Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway Product Reviews Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway James Bruce November 4, 2016 04-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple has been outsmarted by Microsoft Both Apple and Microsoft have unveiled what is probably the final new hardware offering of 2016 for each company, and an initial assessment suggests that Apple may be in second place. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | November 1, 2016 -- 14:20 GMT (07:20 PDT) | Topic: Laptops Last week was a big week for those of us who keep track of hardware. Microsoft unveiled an updated Surface Book and a completely new product called the Surface Studio, while Apple finally pushed out a much-needed update to its MacBook Pro lineup. While diehard fans will no doubt only need to look at the logo that's emblazoned on the hardware to decide which is the best, I've spent a few days examining the specs and videos of the launch events to look for hints and clues as to what the thinking was that led to each company coming out with the devices they did. And the more I connect the dots, the more I feel that Apple has been outsmarted and outmaneuvered by Microsoft. See also: iPhone 8 rumors -- a reality check See also Apple revamps MacBook Pro with Touch Bar: So long function keys, hello in-app context Unified TV app aims make Apple TV your new set-top box across the small screen In pictures: Apple's new MacBook Pro and more revealed Apple's Mac future resides in the cloud MacBook Airs and Microsoft Surface haven't stopped the PC slide Future MacBooks may have e-ink keyboards CNET Exclusive: Does the Mac still matter? Let's take a look at the differences between what Apple and Microsoft have offered up. First, let's look at Apple's new MacBook Pro laptops. While it seems that Apple has worked hard on redesigning the MacBook Pro's chassis, shaving off a significant amount of weight and thickness, as well as sourcing some high-end components to power the device, the two main changes that Apple has brought to the MacBook Pro are: Consolidating a jumble of ports to a single set of ports The Touch Bar If you're a current MacBook Pro owner, then it won't have escaped you that you have a myriad of different ports at your disposal, ranging from Thunderbolt and USB to HDMI and even an SD card slot. Once you upgrade you're looking at having to hook up any peripherals you rely on to one of the four USB-C ports on offer (three really, because you'll need to keep the fourth available to power the new MacBook Pro). Now if everything you own will hook up to a USB-C port, or you never connect anything to your MacBook Pro, then this is not going to be a worry to you. But if you do connect to stuff -- USB flash drives, backup storage, scanners, displays, ethernet, and so on -- then you're going to have to rely on dongles -- lots of dongles -- or spend money on upgrading your hardware ecosystem. Many believe the problem with dongles is the price, but when you're spending upwards of $1,500 on new hardware, a few bucks on dongles is neither here nor there. The problem comes down to having to transport the dongle around with the laptop, and the hassles and potential hit to productivity when you invariably forget it. What's interesting here is that the people who are going to be the hardest hit by this move are pros, and yet this is who the MacBook Pro is seemingly aimed at. The more you've invested in your Mac's ecosystem, the harder, more expensive, and more disruptive the upgrade becomes. Another thing to bear in mind is that USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 aren't the tidy "universal" ports that the naming suggests. There's a strong chance that not all your existing hardware -- even if it claims USB-C compatibility -- will be compatible. Stephen Foskett has written up a handy guide outlining some of the problems you might run into. And if you do run into problems after buying a new MacBook Pro, then spending more money is the only way to dig yourself out of the hole you've jumped into. As for the Touch Bar, I'm still torn between this being something truly innovative, and some lame stop-gap before Apple makes a touchscreen MacBook Pro. While I can see some interesting possibilities for the Touch Bar, some things bother me: I'm not sure why peering at a tiny touchscreen is better than looking at the main screen. If you watched the launch keynote you'd have noticed that everyone using the Touch Bar was standing. Right now I'm sitting at my desk with my old MacBook Pro in front of me, and I'm not sure that the Touch Bar would be all that useful because of its placement. The Touch Bar demos during the keynote all seemed clumsy to me. Now this could be because of performance anxiety during the event, but it really seemed to me that all the demos could have been better carried out using the existing screen, keyboard, and trackpad. It's also important to bear in mind that while the Touch Bar might be new, the idea has its roots in things such as the Art Lebedev keyboards and technologies such as Windows Vista's SideShow. Despite the price (and the name), the MacBook Pro doesn't feel like it was created with professionals in mind. Gimmicks such as the Touch Bar, along with omissions such as the lack of a high-end 32GB RAM option, make this feel more like an overpriced laptop that kids heading off to college will optimistically ask for. It feels like Apple's almost decade-long focus on making the iPhone a mainstream device has rubbed off on its other hardware. Best productivity accessories for your Windows... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 9 NEXT PREV Let's now come to what Microsoft had to offer us at its event. We got: A solid upgrade to the Surface Book A PC aimed squarely at design professionals What is particularly stand out about the Surface Studio is that Microsoft designed a system that's clearly aimed at creative folks who have deep pockets -- how else could you describe a $3,000+ 28-inch touchscreen system with an adjustable "Zero Gravity" hinge that comes kitted with a pen and the new Surface Dial? -- yet thanks to its four USB 3.0 ports, SD card reader, and mini DisplayPort, it should be able to slip seamlessly onto any designer's desk without any real peripheral headache. Microsoft has designed a high-end desktop PC for professionals who already use a PC. And you can bring a Surface Studio into the fold without having to upgrade everything else on your desk. So, why do I think that Microsoft has outsmarted and outmaneuvered Apple? Because while there's no doubt that Apple knows how to innovate, it feels like the company has lost sight of professionals. The mantra of "thinner, lighter, and fewer ports" fits in with what we've come to expect from Apple, but these are rarely features I hear being requested by professionals. Equally, while the Touch Bar is certainly innovative, and gives Apple a new feature to promote on its website and on the box, it's again not what pros are asking for. Microsoft, on the other hand, has with the Surface Studio taken the PC and tweaked the form factor a little to make it more useful, and then crammed it with high-end hardware aimed at creative types. In fact, many design pros I know will now be able to replace their expensive pen displays -- a 27-inch Cintiq pen display is $2,299, and you still need a computer to drive it -- with a 28-inch Surface Studio, without upgrading every other piece of hardware or peripheral they have. Microsoft has resisted the temptation to build a "one-size-fits-all-PC" and has come out with a focused product suited to creative professionals. Which, oddly enough, is where Apple was a few years ago. Microsoft's interest in developing high-end PCs now puts considerable pressure on Apple, especially given how old and stale Apple's desktop computer lineup is. Interesting times are ahead. A dozen, faster, better or cheaper alternatives... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 12 NEXT PREV See also: There are two versions of the iPhone 7 -- did you end up with a fast one or a slow one? How to avoid buying counterfeit Apple cables and chargers It's time to stop obsessing over PC sales Apple's disgracefully outdated Mac lineup is killing sales Google destroys the Android fan myth that the iPhone is too expensive Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Laptops Top Windows 10-powered alternatives to the MacBook Pro Apple If you want a MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas Hardware Hhgregg Black Friday ad includes 12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro deal Mobility Office Depot/OfficeMax Black Friday ad features $119 Windows 2-in-1 tablet, $169 HP laptop × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Pay Expands Widely in Russia Tuesday November 1, 2016 8:10 AM PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple Pay launched in Russia last month in partnership with Sberbank for MasterCard cardholders, and today the mobile payments service has expanded to nine additional financial institutions in the country. Today's additions include Tinkoff Bank, Bank Saint Petersburg, Raiffeisenbank, Yandex.Money, Alfa-Bank, MTS Bank, VTB 24, Rocketbank, and MDM Bank. Russian Standard Bank is listed as coming soon. The banks, just added to the regional Apple Pay website in Russia, support Apple Pay as of November 1. Eligible cards can be added to Apple Pay by tapping "Add Credit or Debit Card" in the Wallet app on iPhone 5 and later running at least iOS 8.1. Participating retailers include ATAK, Magnit, Media Markt, Auchan, Azbuka Vkusa, bp, M.Video, TsUM, authorized Apple reseller re:Store, and elsewhere contactless payments are accepted. Burger King is also listed as a future partner once it implements contactless payments infrastructure in the country. Apple Pay is currently available in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, France, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey has said Apple is "working rapidly" to expand the service to additional countries in Asia and Europe. Related Roundup: Apple Pay Tag: Russia 28 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) peterdevries 2 weeks ago Netherlands also please. Rating: 3 Votes Avieshek 2 weeks ago Antartica Please :D Rating: 2 Votes Wawajey 2 weeks ago Why not South Africa. I bet India will get Apple Pay first Rating: 1 Votes coolfactor 2 weeks ago Antartica Please :D When I saw your comment, I had to research whether people actually live in the Antartica. Other than researchers, there aren't many — it's too cold. So was your comment tongue-in-cheek? Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone 6 minutes ago on Front Page As part of its effort to expand further into wearable devices, Apple is working on a set of smart glasses, reports Bloomberg. Citing sources familiar with Apple's plans, the site says the smart... 6 comments Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 3 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 66 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 4 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 42 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 161 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 22 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2 update to developers, one week after seeding the second beta of iOS 10.2 and three weeks after releasing iOS 10.1, the first major update to... 63 comments Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, recently continued the company's stance against turning its desktop and laptop devices into touch screen-enabled... 512 comments First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 8 hours ago on Front Page The calendar has turned to Monday, delivery trucks have hit the streets, and the first customers around the world are now beginning to receive Apple's new MacBook Pro with the all-new Touch Bar.... 78 comments • iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months (82) • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (249) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (47) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (267) • Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays (210) • AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 (117) • AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities (162)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple iPhone 8 Could Make Wired Charging Obsolete Philip Michaels Senior Editor Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)November 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The iPhone 7 proved Apple is serious about wireless audio, as Apple removed the headphone jack from its smartphone. Next year's iPhone could show how the company is just as serious about wireless charging. A report in Nikkei Asian Review claims that Foxconn, which handles much of the iPhone manufacturing for Apple, has started making wireless charging modules for the 10th anniversary edition of the phone due out next year. Whether that feature makes it into the iPhone 8, though, depends on Foxconn's ability to profitably produce enough modules. As with any rumor surrounding a phone that won't even be announced until next year, take this report with the usual grains of salt. Just last week, for instance, Nikkei Asian Review reported that Apple would come out with three iPhone sizes, including a new 5-inch model in 2017 — a report that other sources and analysts rejected. MORE: iPhone 8 Rumors: What to Expect from the 10th Anniversary iPhone Still, an iPhone with wireless charging capabilities wouldn't come completely out of left field. As early as this March 2016, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities forecast that the 2017 iPhone would offer wireless charging. And Apple's decision to remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus suggest that the company sees a wireless future for its smartphone. Exactly what kind of wireless route Apple might take remains to be seen. Other smartphone makers, such as Samsung and LG, have adopted wireless charging technology where you place your phone down on a charging pad. Earlier this year, Bloomberg reported that Apple was looking into a different method, which power up iPhones from a greater distance and without any contact with a power source. Should Apple manage to incorporate that kind of technology into the iPhone 8, it would certainly help its smartphone stand out from the crowd. See also : 15 Best iPhone 7 Accessories 10 Reasons the iPhone Beats Android Smartphones with the Longest Battery Life Here Are the 10 Best Smartphones Available Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New White House 11/14/16 06:59 PM EST Obama on Trump: This is fine By Edward-Isaac Dovere Seeking to reassure a rattled nation, the president offers up an optimistic view of the man he spent months warning about in apocalyptic terms. 2016 11/14/16 06:30 PM EST Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre It’s long past time to stop pretending there’s a “women’s vote.” Trump proved that we don’t come together as a bloc anymore. Updated 11/14/16 06:24 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says By Madeline Conway Trump was often critical of NATO on the campaign trail, calling it "obsolete." 11/14/16 06:20 PM EST Obama suggests Clinton didn't work as hard as he did By Glenn Thrush and Nolan D. McCaskill "I spent 87 days going to every small town and fair and fish fry and VFW hall," Obama said. 11/14/16 06:18 PM EST Priebus asks GOP officials to be patient with RNC leadership change By Alex Isenstadt Priebus indicated that his successor was not yet lined up. Updated 11/14/16 06:14 PM EST SEC Chair Mary Jo White stepping down By Patrick Temple-West The vacancy will test Trump's willingness to crack down on Wall Street. 11/14/16 06:10 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' 11/14/16 06:09 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' 11/14/16 06:06 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says 11/14/16 05:55 PM EST Will Bannon bring the ‘alt-right’ to the White House? By Katie Glueck Trump’s decision to appoint the Breitbart executive his chief strategist is stoking fears among conservatives and liberal minority groups alike. 11/14/16 05:47 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' Updated 11/14/16 05:44 PM EST GOP sweep boosts pharma spiritis By Brett Norman and Sarah Karlin-Smith Post-election 'Cures' outlook: Why now? — New Rx price investigations Updated 11/14/16 05:40 PM EST Rep. Ellison formally announces run for DNC chair By Daniel Strauss "I will work tirelessly to make the Democratic Party an organization that brings us together," Rep. Keith Ellison said. 11/14/16 05:31 PM EST Poll: Americans believe Trump can bring prosperity, skeptical he can bring peace By Steven Shepard More than six-in-10 Americans say Trump’s administration will “reduce unemployment and create new jobs." Updated 11/14/16 05:29 PM EST Ryan set to win speaker election By Rachael Bade He's expected to win an internal GOP election on Tuesday. 11/14/16 05:27 PM EST Trump adviser linked to Turkish lobbying By Isaac Arnsdorf A company tied to Erdogan's government hired retired general Michael Flynn's lobbying firm. 11/14/16 05:16 PM EST Obama warns against pulling U.S. out of trade deals By Megan Cassella The president's comments are a direct contrast to Trump's pledges to renegotiate or withdraw from a number of pacts. 11/14/16 05:15 PM EST Clinton wins New Hampshire By Patrick Reis New Hampshire is worth 4 Electoral College votes, bringing Hillary Clinton's total to 232 votes. 11/14/16 05:13 PM EST Clinton digital chief: Democrats to target Facebook’s fake news By Nancy Scola "A publisher with a record of making stuff up is not likely to rank that highly on Google, and the equivalent ought to be the case on Facebook." Updated 11/14/16 05:06 PM EST Pence pushes for email privacy By Matthew Nussbaum Vice President-elect Mike Pence is seeking to keep secret the contents of an email relating to Indiana’s participation, at his behest, in a lawsuit to... 11/14/16 05:02 PM EST Obama warns Trump against ripping up Iran deal By Brent Griffiths "When you're not responsible for it, I think you can call it a terrible deal," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 05:01 PM EST Obama dares Trump to do better on Obamacare By Dan Diamond Obama said repealing Obamacare was the "holy grail" for Republicans. Wealth Of Nations 11/14/16 05:00 PM EST Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan It’s not just the return of ‘Government Sachs’ in the person of new White House strategist Steve Bannon. Traders are thinking Trump’s policies might actually... 11/14/16 04:48 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says By Madeline Conway “Regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up,” Obama said. 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' By Yousef Saba “I don't think he is ideological,” Obama says of Trump. Updated 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Tim Ryan weighs challenge to Pelosi as Democrats reel By Heather Caygle and John Bresnahan Leadership elections set for Thursday 11/14/16 04:34 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' By Nolan D. McCaskill "Everybody around the world’s paying attention," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:25 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' By Yousef Saba "We have to work at a grassroots level," Obama says. Updated 11/14/16 04:24 PM EST Trump and Putin discuss future ties in phone call By Brent Griffiths The two men's phone call comes after a bitterly fought U.S. election. 11/14/16 04:22 PM EST Obama ducks a question about Steve Bannon By Nolan D. McCaskill "It's in Trump's power to name whoever he wants to fill his administration," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:04 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says 11/14/16 04:00 PM EST Obama reminds Trump: 'There's only one president at a time' By Nolan D. McCaskill “My team stands ready to accelerate in the next steps that are required to ensure a smooth transition, and we are gonna be staying in touch as we travel,”... 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Liberal super PAC seeks Trump records from government agencies By Nolan D. McCaskill “Donald Trump enters the White House with too many conflicts of interest to count, like tapping his children to both run his company and help lead the... Updated 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Battle to lead NRCC hits overdrive By Rachael Bade and Theodoric Meyer Steve Stivers and Roger Williams both claim support in their bids to head the House GOP campaign arm. 11/14/16 02:51 PM EST White House: Obama, Mexican president avoid discussing Trump during call By Louis Nelson The two presidents apparently did not discuss the elephant in room. 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump By Kyle Cheney "This is a longshot. It’s a hail Mary," one Washington State elector says. Updated 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Pelosi says Trump's chief strategist is a 'white nationalist' By Yousef Saba Trump’s allies have defended Bannon’s appointment to the top White House position, while mainstream Republicans have remained largely silent. 11/14/16 02:27 PM EST Trump said to narrow choices for Treasury to Mnuchin, Ross By Ben White NEW YORK - Donald Trump has narrowed his focus for Treasury secretary to a pair of candidates, former Goldman Sachs banker Steve Mnuchin and billionaire... 11/14/16 02:08 PM EST Sen. Sessions: I’d be 'pleased to consider' Trump cabinet job By Burgess Everett "Happy to be in the Senate but if I were to be asked I'd be pleased to consider it," Sessions said. 11/14/16 02:00 PM EST Pence brings small K Street network By Isaac Arnsdorf Waxman, Soros and DA on Democratic resistance — Are corporate boards a new client base? 11/14/16 01:59 PM EST Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 By Kelsey Sutton and Hadas Gold The longtime PBS news anchor who had served as a co-host of PBS's NewsHour and as moderator of 'Washington Week' had been undergoing treatment for cancer. Updated 11/14/16 01:41 PM EST Trump allies defend Steve Bannon By Louis Nelson "I like to judge people as I see it as opposed to seeing what other people say," Reince Priebus says. 11/14/16 01:38 PM EST Jordan says he will continue push for IRS chief’s impeachment By Katy O'Donnell Jordan renewed the call for impeachment in a statement to POLITICO Monday criticizing the agency for denying tax-exempt status to the Albuquerque Tea Party... 11/14/16 01:23 PM EST Bernie Sanders to Bannon: Americans won't turn on each other 11/14/16 01:20 PM EST GOP on Bannon: 'Priebus is great' By Patrick Reis "The president-elect always gets to pick his team going forward," McCarthy told reporters on Monday. 11/14/16 01:17 PM EST Cummings asks House Oversight Committee to review Trump's financial arrangements By Nolan D. McCaskill “We have never had a president like Mr. Trump in terms of his vast financial entanglements," he says. 11/14/16 01:13 PM EST Bernie Sanders to Bannon: Americans won't turn on each other By Brent Griffiths Sanders' criticism comes at a time when many in the Trump world are defending Bannon attempting to fend off not not only political opponents, but organizations... 11/14/16 01:01 PM EST Conway defends 'brilliant tactician' Steve Bannon By Nolan D. McCaskill He’s a “brilliant tactician,” she said, calling him “the general of this campaign.” 11/14/16 12:51 PM EST Rep. Sánchez woos freshmen Democrats in her leadership race By Heather Caygle The caucus has always planned to decide the vice chair race after the holiday. 11/14/16 12:50 PM EST Reince Priebus defends Steve Bannon as 'force for good' on campaign You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Barack Obama Paul Ryan Tim Kaine Mike Pence Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us WATCH LIVE - Election Aftermath: The New Politics of Trade – Did the election mark a fundamental realignment? Soros bands with donors to resist Trump, 'take back power' 5 takeaways on Trump's first 5 days Trump pledges to stay Trump Democrats look to exploit Trump divisions with GOP Congress Can the Freedom Caucus survive Donald Trump? Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides Politico Morning eHealth A daily report on the intersection of health care and technology Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Pew steps up safety work By David Pittman 11/01/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Darius Tahir (@DariusTahir) and Arthur Allen (@arthurallen202) PEW: GAPS STILL EXIST IN EHR OVERSIGHT: ONC’s recent rule give it greater power to oversee the in-field capabilities of EHRs, but safety problems persist, the Pew Charitable Trusts says in a new blog post. “That’s because the ONC requires only limited testing of EHRs to check for flaws before the products are installed, and no comprehensive system exists to collect information on safety problems related to these records,” Ben Moscovitch writes. Story Continued Below To help, ONC could require EHR vendors to test products *before* they are released on the market, Moscovitch says. “This would help mitigate the need for the ONC to perform a direct review of an installed product, because flaws would have a higher likelihood of detection beforehand,” he added. Event on the horizon: Pew will co-host a daylong event on health IT safety with ONC on Dec. 6. Speakers will include ONC chief Vindell Washington, ECRI President Jeff Lerner and Michael McGinnis, National Academy of Medicine executive officer. Find the full agenda here. eHealth tweet of the day: MGMA @MGMA: "We have to start thinking in terms of alternative payment models"— @MGMASue on what medical coders need to know about ICD-10. #MGMA16 https://twitter.com/MGMA/status/793193908175941633 Welcome to Tuesday Morning eHealth where HHS Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell and acting CMS administrator Andy Slavitt get in the Halloween spirit by dressing up as hosts of the Discovery Channel’s Mythbusters TV show. Their blog post on ACA facts and myths is worth the picture alone. As always, feel free to reach out with tips to dpittman@politico.com and connect with us on Twitter @David_Pittman, @arthurallen202, @DariusTahir @ POLITICOPro, @Morning_eHealth. ACA’S OPEN ENROLLMENT KICKS OFF: The fourth year of enrollment in Obamacare marketplace health plans starts today, and stakes couldn’t be higher, Pro’s Rachana Pradhan and Paul Demko report. Facing skyrocketing premiums and renewed efforts by Republicans to dismantle the law, HHS officials are doubling down on enrollment efforts. They hope to enroll just under 14 million people this season. Pros get more here. APPLE BITES OFF ANOTHER FOR HEALTH STAFF: Duke University researcher Ricky Bloomfield, who helped launch Apple HealthKit and Apple ResearchKit, will join the company in an as yet unnamed role, a colleague announced on Twitter. “The company declined to go into detail about what Bloomfield's role at Apple would be,” according to MobiHealthNews, which first reported the move. If you remember: Our own Darius Tahir reported last month that Apple employees nearly 100 people with significant health or medical backgrounds up from a mere dozen two years ago. Their expertise includes medical devices, sensors and EHRs. MEDICARE POLICY COULD ADD EHR COSTS: CMS is keeping a requirement that home health agencies track every 15 minutes of patient care, a requirement that some say could result in additional changes — and therefore added costs — to their EHRs and billing software. The move came in Medicare’s home health payment rule, which CMS finalized Monday. CMS said the 15-minute requirement was mandated by Congress. Read the final rule. THE DOWNSIDE OF PRECISION MEDICINE: What if a genetic test reveals you have some fatal mutation but you only find out later that early science was wrong and your mutation is harmless? Mayo Clinic researchers highlighted that risk, finding nearly two dozen people who had undergone medical treatment — which turned out to be unnecessary, after their cases were reexamined with a more modern genetic databank. “Getting DNA sequenced is the easy part,” Ackerman told STAT News. “It’s the analysis that’s the Achilles’ heel of genetic testing.” The full story here. DRUGMAKER SUPPORTS PDMP USE: The president and CEO of Purdue Pharma is defending his company against a damning STAT News story that charged Purdue helped defeat prior authorization programs for opioid prescriptions. Among Purdue’s contributions to thwarting painkiller abuse: supporting prescription drug monitoring programs, Mark Timney wrote in a letter to the editor of the Boston Globe. “Today, thanks in part to Purdue’s contribution, Massachusetts’ prescription drug monitoring program shares prescribing data with neighboring states to help reduce misprescribing of opioids.” RYAN TO SUPPORT PAULSEN: House Speaker Paul Ryan will hit the campaign trail starting today and work through the election in hopes of maintaining his historically wide GOP majority, POLITICO’s Rachel Bade reports. Those travels include a trip to Minnesota for health tech-friendly Rep. Erik Paulsen, who is facing a tough reelection bid for a fifth term. Republicans are expected to lose between 15 and 20 seats next week. Paulsen has been a backer of telemedicine and is co-chair of the House Medical Technology Caucus. SECURITY TOP-OF-MIND FOR CIOs: Security is the top priority for more than 80 percent of health care organizations, according to a survey of more than 100 CIOs. That’s better than improving patient and physician satisfaction. Other key findings: 70 percent are rolling out a secure messaging system. Care coordination is a goal of two-thirds of respondents. More info. — The survey was released ahead of CHIME’s Fall Forum, which starts today in Phoenix. AND IF YOU WANT EVEN MORE SURVEYS: Few health care organizations have met consumers’ changing expectations in health care, a survey from health care consulting firm, Kaufman Hall found. For example, only 35 percent offer virtual visits despite patient demand. But wait a second: A Medical Group Management Association survey of physician practices found 85 percent conduct patient satisfaction surveys, “and of those, more than 70 percent conduct them at least monthly if not more frequently.” That survey here. ON THE MOVE: URAC, health care’s independent quality accreditation agency, named Maggie Cornett as its vice president for technology. She was most recently an IT exec at Inova Health System in Northern Virginia. WHAT WE’RE CLICKING: Energy and Commerce Chair Fred Upton talks up 21st Century Cures in GOP blog post. New Mexico’s use of telemedicine’s Project ECHO highlighted in story. Internist estimates the additional time it takes to code in ICD-10. 23andMe Chief claims disconnect between Silicon Valley and D.C. regulators. Tips, comments, suggestions? Send them along via email to our team: Arthur Allen (aallen@politico.com, @ArthurAllen202), David Pittman (dpittman@politico.com, @David_Pittman) and Darius Tahir (dtahir@politico.com, (@DariusTahir). « View Archives Authors: David Pittman dpittman@politico.com @David_Pittman About The Author David Pittman is an eHealth reporter for POLITICO Pro. Before joining POLITICO in May 2014, Pittman served as the lone Washington reporter for the health news website MedPage Today, covering nearly all aspects of health policy from Medicare and Medicaid to the Affordable Care Act and Capitol Hill. He has also covered science and regulatory policy for trade newsletter company FDAnews and the weekly newsmagazine Chemical & Engineering News. Pittman got his start in journalism covering healthcare for the daily newspaper in the West Texas town of Amarillo. Pittman holds bachelor's degrees in journalism and chemistry from the University of Georgia, where he graduated in 2006. While in Athens, Pittman worked as a staff writer of The Red & Black and eventually became editor-in-chief, pestering school administrators. Like any good Southerner, he prefers his tea sweet, chicken fried and fall Saturdays reserved for college football. He is also surviving as an Atlanta Braves fan in a town full of Washington Nationals supporters. Most Read Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 5 takeaways on Trump's first 5 days Soros bands with donors to resist Trump, 'take back power' Trump pledges to stay Trump Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump Democrats look to exploit Trump divisions with GOP Congress Will America Now Have a Pravda? Economy could soar and then crash under Trump Alex Jones says Trump called to thank him Report: Trump praises China in call to Chinese president Morning eHealth - POLITICO Archive Monday, 11/14/16 Friday, 11/11/16 Thursday, 11/10/16 Wednesday, 11/9/16 Tuesday, 11/8/16 View the Full Morning eHealth Archives » Politico Magazine Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan Will America Now Have a Pravda? By Jack Shafer How President Trump Could Reshape the Supreme Court—and the Country By Jeffrey Rosen More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A top Foxconn exec talked about the iPhone 8 in a public speech Kif Leswing Nov. 1, 2016, 9:27 AM 31,458 facebook linkedin twitter email print SCAVidsHD/YouTube A group of students at Taitung University in Taiwan were treated to a batch of Apple rumors over the weekend as a speaker who was accepting an honorary degree decided to talk about Apple's upcoming iPhone. Sharp President Tai Jeng-Wu talked about future iPhones, saying that new devices will include OLED screen technology, a newer kind of screen with better color quality that can be transformed into a curved screen, Nikkei reported.  He even went so far as to imply that Apple is in crisis.  "We don't know whether Apple's OLED iPhones will be a hit, but if Apple doesn't walk down this path and transform itself, there will be no innovation. It is a crisis but it is also an opportunity," Tai said. He did not confirm that Sharp — the Japanese screen maker recently purchased by Hon Hai Precision Industry, better known as Foxconn, which is Apple's primary manufacturing partner — would be providing the OLED parts to Apple.  "The iPhone has been evolving and now it is switching from LTPS (low-temperature poly-silicon) to OLED panels," Tai said. He even suggested that Sharp's "key customer" could demand that the OLED panels would be made in the United States.  A powerful player Tai Jeng-wu Reuters It is worth noting that Tai is not only the top boss at Sharp but also most likely the second most powerful person at Foxconn behind chairman Terry Gou.  Tai Jeng-Wu "is very powerful and is the number two ranked at Hon Hai. He also speaks Japanese. So he was chosen from a comprehensive viewpoint," Sharp's outgoing CEO said earlier this year about Tai. He is a close aide of Gou.  While it is unusual for Apple's suppliers to talk about upcoming Apple products in public, Tai likely knew what he was doing with his prepared remarks, because he was involved with Foxconn during the years that Apple made it wealthy. He is also not the only Apple supplier to spill the beans on the 2017 iPhone. Earlier this year, Catcher Technology's CEO confirmed that Apple is working on glass enclosures for its iPhones.  The contract to supply OLED panels for upcoming iPhones is likely a huge, rich contract that requires significant investment. Previous rumors out of Korea suggested Samsung and LG were also in the running for the contract. Suppliers have been complaining on-and-off for the past six months that Apple is pushing to get better deals on its parts as its overall margins fall.  Wireless charging Gavin Schaefer/Flickr Nikkei followed up by reporting Foxconn Technology is making wireless charging modules for the new iPhone, citing a source to the news organization.  There aren't too many details about the actual wireless charging technology that Apple may use, but the report warned that the feature might not make it into the actual device because Foxconn might not be able to make enough. There are issues with the yield rate of the wireless charging module, Nikkei reports, which means that when Foxconn makes a batch of them, an unacceptably high percentage are not up to standards. This increases the price of a given component.  It is always possible that wireless charging will be included in one model of the new iPhone but not the others, like Apple did with the dual lens camera on the iPhone 7 Plus. Current rumors suggest that Apple is preparing three models of the iPhone to be launched next year, two with the existing 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes, and a new, mysterious 5-inch version. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: The CEO of an Apple supplier just seemingly confirmed one of the biggest iPhone rumors NOW WATCH: A hacker reveals a simple way to come up with a strong password that's easy to remember Loading video... More: Apple Foxconn iPhone 8 iPhone Sharp Japan China Tai Jeng-Wu facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A top Foxconn exec talked about the iPhone 8 in a public speech A top Foxconn exec talked about the iPhone 8 in a public speech A group of students at Taitung University in... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Google Allo, WhatsApp, Messenger, Telegram; which is the best messaging app for you? By Rehan Hooda 13   Comments 5 reasons why LeEco’s TV will beat Samsung in India? 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is uninhabitable 4   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments Amazon India could kill Netflix with this new Prime Video subscription plan By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple Music expected to get price cuts for single and family plans in the US #Apple Music 0 By tech2 News Staff /  01 Nov 2016 , 18:56 Apple Music is an excellent choice if you don’t want to carry a huge library of music. The service was launched last year and according to the last announcement by Apple, it has more than 17 million subscribers. According to a report from Digital Music News, Apple could be planning to bring a price cut to to the streaming service. The price cut go as much as 20 percent as the company wants to compete with services like Spotify and Amazon Music. A 20 percent discount would mean that the single subscription plan would go down from $9.99 (around Rs 660) to $7.99 (around Rs 527) per month. The family package, which allows for up to six members could also see price cut which means the $14.99 (Rs 990 approx) price point will now be $12.99 (Rs 860 approx). The $4.99 (Rs 330 approx) student plan will not see any changes. Current price: Single-person rate: $9.99 a month Family rate: $14.99 a month Student rate: $4.99 a month New rumoured price: Regular rate: $7.99 a month Family package: $12.99 a month Student rate: $4.99 a month There is no info as of yet if the discounts will come to all countries. But one thing is sure that India will not get the price cut if Apple does plan to introduce them. The reason for this is that India already has some of the cheapest price plans globally. While there is no student plan, the single user plan is priced at just Rs 120 per month while the family plan is available at Rs 190 per month. Tags: Apple, Apple Music, Apple music service, Apple Music subscription, Apple Music subscription discount Also read Apple Music integration, public groups and larger emojis are coming to WhatsApp Apple Music to finally drop copy-protection from your ripped tracks on iCloud X Recommended For You Apple iTunes and App Store come alive this festive season Google Play Music finally arrives to India; here’s how you get started Streaming accounted for nearly half of recorded music revenues in the first half of 2016: RIAA Amazon and Pandora rumoured to launch new music streaming services Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Demonetisation Nov 14, 2016 How to verify the authenticity of the new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 currency notes #Apple Nov 14, 2016 Pregnant woman in Sydney suffers second degree burns because of charging iPhone 7 #ZMP Nov 14, 2016 Japanese self driving car maker ZMP receives approval for going public #Visual Studio Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft has announced that it will be bringing the entire Visual Studio IDE to macOS this month #Microsoft Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft pays hackers $120,000 for compromising the Edge browser SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Star Ratings Make a Return to Apple Music on iOS 10.2 Beta Tuesday November 1, 2016 7:56 AM PDT by Mitchel Broussard In iOS 10, Apple Music lost the star rating system that allowed users to personally rate a song on a scale of 1-5, which was then saved in their library so they could remember and later sort tracks via the ranking system. Following the release of the iOS 10.2 beta yesterday, iTunes expert Kirk McElhearn discovered that star ratings have returned to the Apple Music app on iOS, now appearing as a toggle option in Settings > Music. After turning on "Show Star Ratings," users will be able to once more give each track a personal rating, through a few added steps, however. The process required to get to the "Rate Song" menu is as follows: tap the ellipsis menu at the bottom right of the screen when a song is playing to bring up its action sheet, scroll down to "Rate Song," choose the star rating, then tap "Done." In prior versions of iOS, users simply tapped on the artwork of a song to bring up the star rating menu. As the Settings submenu clarifies, "Star Ratings do not affect For You recommendations," so Apple Music's binary like/dislike system is still the only resource for subscribers to teach the streaming service which songs they enjoy, and which they don't. Besides Star Ratings, it was also discovered that within the beta of iOS 10.2, there's a new option to sort playlists by type, title, and recently added, as well as new options for sorting songs and albums by title or artist. Tag: Apple Music 65 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Cuban Missles 2 weeks ago Glad they saw what a mistake that was. Nice to see ratings back. Maybe they will also see the mistake of treating music owners as second class citizens to music renters. Rating: 16 Votes robantonelli 2 weeks ago It's still weird that the like/dislike system is buried in the music player now. I miss the days where it was accessible in control center as well as the lock screen. The new version is a step backwards imo. Rating: 13 Votes DoctorKrabs 2 weeks ago "Terrible, Apple is dead, Steve would never have removed star ratings and brought them back." -MacRumors Forum Rating: 11 Votes smizzle 2 weeks ago I'm so glad they listened to user feedback and added them back. I'm not even exaggerating when I say that this is the best Apple news I've read in years. Can't wait for the public beta so I can use them again. Rating: 11 Votes seecoolguy 2 weeks ago Seeing those screenshots from an iPod touch, it really looks like the current UI is designed primarily for the 4.7" and 5.5" screens. Also, I wonder what made them change course and bring back star ratings.. I wouldn't stop submitting LetAppleKnow suggestions :P so glad to have the star ratings back! Rating: 11 Votes Traverse 2 weeks ago YES! I have years of smart playlists as well as new super sophisticated system I learned from the "Why Would I want to stream" thread that all rely on Star Ratings. A simple "love" and "unlove" is not sufficient for any level of sophisitcaling. Star ratings can be used to adjust the frequency that certain songs play. Not having it available on iOS has just been annoying and requires 3 party apps. It's not like the interface can get any more cluttered. Just hide it in the more info sections or just above the lyrics when you scroll up. [doublepost=1478010227][/doublepost]Also, I wish there was an option in settings to "Hide All Clutter." Even if you hide Apple Music, the app is so packed full of crap that it's almost unusable on the iPhone. WHy do I have to select "Downladed Music" every time I want to switch between albums and playlists when Apple Music is disabled? Why is the bottom dock so limited when it used to have 5/6 items in iOS 6 and 7!? [doublepost=1478010311][/doublepost] iOS is slowly becoming a house full of switches. Not sure if that's good thing or a bad thing... It's a good thing if the feature benefits you, a bad thing if it doesn't. ;) All kidding aside, the allure of iOS was simplicity, but that's hard because people's are so different. THere needs to be a balance, but I fear that Apple is approaching too much. [doublepost=1478010400][/doublepost] Seeing those screenshots from an iPod touch, it really looks like the current UI is designed primarily for the 4.7" and 5.5" screens. Also, I wonder what made them change course and bring back star ratings.. I can attest that Apple Music was made for large screens. I can tolerate it on my 9.7" iPad, but it's horrible on my iPhone SE. I jumped to Cesium. It's a shame though because I thought that the release of the SE would mean Apple would optimize for all sizes again. Rating: 10 Votes sracer 2 weeks ago Who said they changed course? When software is re-designed, often times things are pulled out with the intention of them being put back in later. They are not a development priority, so they are not designed, coded, or implemented. The Music App was entirely redesigned. The Star Ratings was a low priority which was put off to 10.2. It's also possible that if there wasn't enough demand to bring them back, it would have been axed instead, but that's not what ultimately happened. I don't expect most forum members to understand this because most of them have never designed software or worked for a software company. They will make up their own anti-Apple nonsense as they always do. Making it sound like you understand how software is designed isn't much better. Suggesting that the star rating system was something that was always intended to be there but didn't make the cut for the initial redesign is nothing more than a flight of fancy. There is no indication that was the case. If development resources and timeframe were so tight as to not include a star rating system but develop another rating system as a stop-gap, then that was very short-sighted and a waste of time. And we're not talking about some ground-breaking feature. The star rating system has been around from the beginning. The issues related to such a system are well known. Based on what happened, Apple tried the heart/no-heart rating system, received feedback, and changed direction. Rating: 7 Votes dannys1 2 weeks ago TRYING TO BRING BACK THE SOUL OF STEVE JOBS, WELL IT'S TOO LATE NOW TIM /s Rating: 7 Votes ehrens 2 weeks ago Honestly makes me want to put the beta on my production phone. I've been lost without the star ratings in my Music app since almost all of my play lists depend on them to populate. Rating: 7 Votes alternapop 2 weeks ago I'm very glad song ratings are back but think it's poorly done. It's too much of a hassle just to view if a song is rated, let alone what that rating might be. If I'm driving, or at the gym, I don't want to have to click a few times to rate a song or simply view its rating. I'd love it if the UI more more dynamic and we could turn on meta data so we could see it on the Now Playing screen. Rating, Year Released, etc. I didn't know about this option till today but there is a widget in the App Store that brings ratings to the widget screen, Music Rating Widget ('https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/music-rating-widget/id971955890?mt=8&at=1l3vm7V'). Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone 6 minutes ago on Front Page As part of its effort to expand further into wearable devices, Apple is working on a set of smart glasses, reports Bloomberg. Citing sources familiar with Apple's plans, the site says the smart... 6 comments Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 3 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 66 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 4 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 42 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 161 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 22 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2 update to developers, one week after seeding the second beta of iOS 10.2 and three weeks after releasing iOS 10.1, the first major update to... 63 comments Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, recently continued the company's stance against turning its desktop and laptop devices into touch screen-enabled... 512 comments First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 8 hours ago on Front Page The calendar has turned to Monday, delivery trucks have hit the streets, and the first customers around the world are now beginning to receive Apple's new MacBook Pro with the all-new Touch Bar.... 78 comments • iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months (82) • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (249) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (47) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (267) • Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays (210) • AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 (117) • AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities (162)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
null
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News iPhone 8 Wireless Charging Tech Being Tested by Foxconn: Report  Tasneem Akolawala, 01 November 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights The iPhone 8 premium variant will support wireless charging The feature's fate depends upon Foxconn's yield rate later on The smartphone is expected to ditch the Home Button altogether iPhone 8 rumours are cropping up steadily, and the latest one hints at a change many Apple fans will love. The 2017 upgrade is expected to support wireless charging, and now it is being reported that manufacturer Foxconn has already started building the required components to be embedded within the iPhone. Nikkei Asian Review reports that the wireless charging capabilities may only be exclusive to the premium variant. Also, Apple is still in the contemplation phase, and it all depends on Foxconn's yield rate at the end. "But whether the feature can eventually make it into Apple's updated devices will depend on whether Foxconn can boost the yield rate to a satisfactory level later on," an anonymous source told the publication.Apple is also rumoured to be working on long-distance wireless charging technology, but it is unsure what progress the company has made on that front, and whether it will make it to the 2017 iPhone. In 2017, Apple will complete ten successful years of launching the iPhone, probably the best-selling product of the Cupertino giant. The company is expected to celebrate the milestone with significant upgrades to the smartphone, including skipping of the iPhone 7s - and directly naming it iPhone 8. Past leaks suggest that the iPhone 8 will add another new 5-inch size variant into the mix. One of the three variants will be a premium one, and will sport an OLED display panel. The other two will continue to sport LTPS displays. The Sharp CEO also confirmed the OLED panel rumour in a college speech recently. Furthermore, the iPhone 8 will sport an edge to edge bezel display, with little to no bezel on the top and bottom edges. The iPhone 8 is also expected to ditch the Home Button altogether, and integrate Touch ID within the glass. It is also expected to let go of the metal casing, and sport an all-glass casing at the back. Tags: Apple, Mobiles, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Leak, iPhone 8 features, iPhone 8 Specifications Tasneem AkolawalaEmail Tasneem When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. ... More Government Planning Customer Feedback Platform for Call Drops, Says Manoj Sinha Samsung Launches Mobile Accessories, Galaxy S7 Edge Blue Coral Colour Variant iPhone 8 Wireless Charging Tech Being Tested by Foxconn: Report MESSAGE Tasneem Akolawala Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets » Latest Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Meizu Pro 6s Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 ZTE CYMBAL-T Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) Intex Aqua Power M Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Micromax Canvas Juice 4G ... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 8,100Rs. 5,999 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Yu Yureka S 4G In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 14,999Rs. 8,499 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe No, PM Modi's Announcements Are Not Going to Push Digital Payments Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Your Phone May Be Listening to Ultrasonic Signals to Serve Ads Samsung Galaxy S8 Tipped to Launch in 5.7-Inch, 6.2-Inch Screen Sizes Microsoft Visual Studio is Coming to macOS in November Supermoon Can Be Seen Up Close at Nehru Planetarium Paytm Lets You Transfer Money to Your Bank Account With a 1 Percent Fee Google Play Music Revamp Brings Machine Learning Recommendations and More Huawei Launches Mate 9 Pro With Curved Display, Dual Camera Setup Facebook and Twitter Helped Me Win, Says President-Elect Donald Trump Vivo V5 Selfie-Focused Smartphone Set to Launch on Tuesday You Won't Be Able to Buy Ubisoft PC Games on Disc in India Anymore More News TRENDING What Is Supermoon and When Can I See It in India and Other Countries? How to Get Started With WhatsApp Video Calling Xiaomi Claims It Sold 1 Million Redmi 4A Phones on Singles' Day How eSIM Cards Could Change the World How to Click Supermoon Photographs Like a Pro Samsung Galaxy S8 Tipped to Launch in 5.7-Inch, 6.2-Inch Screen Sizes OnePlus 3T Launch Teaser Hints at Flagship's Design and Name Supermoon, Google Pixel Phones Allegedly Hacked, and More: Your 360 Daily Apple Watch Series 2 Review: The Best Fitness Wearable? OnePlus Pixel Spotted on Geekbench Ahead of OnePlus 3T Launch Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 1 AAPL: 111.49 -2.05 Apple’s Eddy Cue to attend Code Media conference in February Zac Hall - 2 weeks ago @apollozac Eddy Cue View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Eddy Cue is on the schedule for Recode’s Code Media conference in February where the Apple exec will likely discuss the company’s evolving content and services strategy. Cue, Apple’s SVP of Internet Software and Services, is in charge of Apple Music, iTunes, iCloud, Apple Pay, and a lot more. Speaking of Apple Pay, Jennifer Bailey (she is directly in charge of the mobile payment service at Apple) will also be attending a Recode conference with Code Commerce taking place next month. As for Cue, this won’t be his first appearance at a Recode conference. When Apple announced that it was buying Beats, Cue and Beats founder Jimmy Iovine appeared on stage together at a Recode conference to discuss the acquisition. Other execs including Greg Joswiak have also had Recode conference appearances over the years. Cue is set to appear during the week of February 13 in Laguna Niguel, California. Tickets to attend start at $2500 for early buyers and go to $3000 as the standard rate. A lot can happen between now and February so stay tuned. Guides Eddy Cue View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 1 AAPL: 111.49 -2.05 Touch Bar reportedly made by Samsung, as Apple tests OLED for main MacBook screens Ben Lovejoy - 2 weeks ago @benlovejoy MacBook Pro OLED Touch bar View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A report from Korea’s ETNews says that the OLED Touch Bar panel in the new MacBook Pro was made by Samsung, and that Apple is currently testing OLED panels suitable for use in MacBooks. According to an industry , Apple installed Samsung Display’s OLED panel for touch screen bar for its new MacBook Pro. This panel is rigid-type OLED that is produced from Samsung Display’s A2 Line […] “Apple is currently looking into ways of using OLED panels for MacBooks and testing their performance.” said a different representative. It’s of course a no-brainer that Apple would be looking at a switch to OLED for future MacBook displays given the benefits these offer … OLED is more power-efficient than LCD, as only lit pixels are powered, and losing the need for a backlight means that the display can be made considerably thinner. The Touch Bar is said to be three times thinner than an LCD equivalent would have been. But while Apple currently used OLED displays for the Apple Watch and Touch Bar, and is expected to introduce it to at least some of next year’s iPhones, the case for laptop screens is less compelling. The fact that black areas of the screen don’t consume power is of much less benefit on laptops, where the default background color for most apps is white, and there are only limited areas of solid black. It should be noted that the Korean press tends to emphasize positive stories for Samsung, and the angle of this piece is very much on the potential future business for the company, so it’s worth applying a little caution to the report. All the same, there’s no doubting Apple’s fondness for ever thinner MacBooks, and OLED also allows more vivid colors, so it is likely a question of when rather than if. Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide OLED View THe Guide Touch bar View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Verizon: Nighttime data use could stem from cellphone setting change Screen Shot 2016-10-31 at 7.18.11 PM.png Print Email Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer By Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 01, 2016 at 9:20 AM, updated November 01, 2016 at 9:22 AM comments CLEVELAND, Ohio -- We may finally know why it's common for some customers of Verizon Wireless to consume costly data at night, even while their cellphones are idle. Verizon says nighttime data consumption stems from a change in the setting on phones that either allows it to stray from strong Wi-Fi in a home or office, or prevents it from happening. The issue primarily hits people who allow various apps to run in the background when they're not actually using the app. Almost all apps run in the background unless default settings are changed to stop them. The problem appears to primarily affect customers with iPhones, because Apple changed a setting a year ago.  The issue is this: Verizon says that when phones are idle, meaning the screens are dark and may be locked, then they may disconnect from Wi-Fi, especially if they're not plugged into a charger. The reasoning: Phones can waste battery searching for Wi-Fi. So if the phone automatically disconnects from Wi-Fi when it's not in someone's hands, that can help the battery last longer until the next time it is recharged. Historically, Androids and iPhones had a setting to allow cellphone users to manually keep their devices on Wi-Fi when they are idle for long periods, even if the phone was not plugged in. The setting is called "Keep Wi-Fi on During Sleep." It offers three choices: Always, Never or Only When Plugged In. That gave consumers options (if they knew the setting existed). But in September 2015, iPhones updated with a new operating system stopped offering that setting, according to Verizon. Androids generally still offer that option. This is an issue because thousands of Verizon customers nationwide have complained their data use soared in recent months, even though their phone habits have not changed significantly. Many customers say their data use and their monthly bills have doubled or tripled or worse. The Federal Communications Commission in September saw a 1,000-percent increase in complaints from consumers about Verizon. Some customers have reported they have been charged after their phones supposedly used huge amounts of data at night, even though they were sleeping and the phones weren't being used. In other cases, customers reported incidental amounts of data being used, which they see as a signal of a broader problem within Verizon's billing system. When asked about reports that idle phones not plugged in will disconnect from Wi-Fi and instead use data, a Verizon executive said: "That is absolutely correct, depending on the device and the way that it is provisioned. Apple is one of those," Verizon Customer Service Supervisor Dama Galceran, said in a recent interview. Galceran works in the company's executive offices. "If the screen is off so it's in sleep mode like you said, and (the phone isn't) not plugged into a power source, absolutely what it can do is kick on over to your cellular data," she said. "That's really to conserve battery. Because if it's constantly searching for a Wi-Fi connection and connecting and getting kicked off of Wi-Fi, then it's using more battery. So what it will do is kick on over to an LTE or cellular data connection to conserve that battery. So yes, absolutely." Many Android phones offer this setting today; iPhones do not, said Steven Van Dinter, spokesman for Verizon. "By design apparently, as part of (Apple's) iOS9 -- that was the one that came out last September (2015), when your iPhone goes into sleep mode, it turns off the Wi-Fi to save battery power if not connected. "There's not anything we can do to stop that," Van Dinter said. "So any app or setting that needs to connect to the network at that point is going to use cellular (data) no matter what your setting is, even if you have Wi-Fi Assist off. Then if you wake the device (by pressing the home button), it's going to turn Wi-Fi back on for you. That's universal. "So again, probably the best advice when you're sleeping is make sure the Wi-Fi Assist is off and also have your device plugged in," he said. "Not only will you have 100 percent battery when you wake up, but your don't have to worry about it connecting." Besides eliminating the Keep Wi-Fi On During Sleep setting, Apple added a different setting in 2015, called Wi-Fi Assist. If it is on, it allows a person's phone to decide whether to boot the phone off Wi-Fi and on to data at any time of day or night, if the phone doesn't like the strength of a Wi-Fi connection. Apple programmed the Wi-Fi Assist setting to be default "on." On Androids, the setting is default "off.'' Dan Griffin, owner of Springfield iPhone Repair in Missouri, who started repairing iPhones when they first came out in 2007, isn't so sure the nighttime setting is a problem. He believes iPhones now always stay connected to Wi-Fi, even at night, unless the Wi-Fi connection or speed is poor and the Wi-Fi Assist button is set to allow the phone to switch from Wi-Fi to data. The all-night connection to Wi-Fi wasn't always true, Griffin said, "In the past, Apple would disable Wi-Fi after the device was in a form of deep sleep, such as overnight, to help preserve battery life," he said. "Many customers complained at the time because people wanted to play or stream music on Wi-Fi, or stream content through Airplay or back-up their iPhone or more" at night while on Wi-Fi. But as carriers started discarding true unlimited data plans (ones where the data speed isn't slowed after you hit a certain threshold), phone manufacturers changed the settings to allow phones to stay on Wi-Fi while idle, he said. If what Griffin says is true, however, it doesn't explain why people connected to Wi-Fi at their home, office or school use costly data instead of free Wi-Fi. Consumers can see if they're using data at night if they sign into their accounts on a laptop and see the data log of dates and times, and amounts of data used. Verizon has said little in recent weeks about possible causes of the data overages and has acknowledged the the avalanche of data complaints only in passing. Two weeks ago, Verizon posted an open letter to customers on its web site that it has been hearing from customers and wants people to trust their cellphone bills. The letter said trust "also means admitting when we've made a mistake, and ensuring that you're not ever surprised by your bill." Many customers have been, however. There have been headline-grabbers in the last two months, with a Florida woman who got a $9,000 bill, and a Cleveland non-profit that got a bill for more than $20,000. Verizon has issued full refunds in these two cases and many others where the bills were unusually high. Based on reporting the last two months, The Plain Dealer believes the widespread data overages stem primarily from billings glitches, apps that chew data, new settings and Verizon's new high-speed data network. But Griffin is skeptical that nighttime data use, fueled by a new setting, is causing massive problems. If the elimination of this setting on iPhones was the problem, it would be affecting all carriers, not just Verizon, he said. The issue of what smartphones were doing at night didn't matter when many consumers had unlimited data plans, much like they have unlimited minutes and text messages today, Griffin said. Phones would disconnect would Wi-Fi at night to preserve battery and no one minded, he said. Griffin noted that many cellphone users over the years have "hacked" the policy of kicking cellphones off Wi-Fi and onto data with a popular app called Insomnia. This app would keep a Wi-Fi connection active, even if a phone was idle and in sleep mode. Some functions on phones, such as Pandora, would work only if the phone is on Wi-Fi and active and not idle. Apps like Insomnia allow people to continue to stream content even when the screen is locked. "Insomnia . . . will prevent the iPhone from sleeping, thus overriding its default behavior," the app's description says. "The iPhone's default behavior is to sleep 30 seconds after the screen has gone off, when not docked and charging." Top Workplaces Top Workplaces 2016 The 2016 Top Workplaces List Behind the survey: Methodology Business Features Northeast Ohio business and networking events Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams Active Discussions Most Read Business news in your inbox Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Why You Might Want to Skip iPhone 7 and Wait for 8 Philip Michaels Senior Editor Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)November 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Tom Petty may have been right about the waiting being the hardest part, but if you've hesitated at pulling the trigger on a new iPhone purchase up until now, your waiting could pay dividends by this time next year, as Apple is reportedly planning a major overhaul of its smartphone lineup. Next year's version of the iPhone is likely to feature an entirely new design, highlighted by an all-glass enclosure. Analysts expect Apple to upgrade the iPhone's display to an OLED panel and possibly even introduce wireless charging to the phone. It's a radical change from the look and feature set of recent iPhones — so much so that if you're considering a new smartphone, you should weigh the pros and cons of holding off until next year. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus certainly offer plenty of incentive to upgrade, particularly if you've been holding on to your current phone for a while. Both phones are powered by Apple's new A10 Fusion chip, which bested all other smartphones in our testing. The new phones also add water resistance, improved battery life, brighter screens and better cameras. We particularly like the dual-lens set up on the iPhone 7 Plus, which brings a true optical zoom to smartphones, and puts Apple's phone among the best camera phones available. But as impressive as many of these features are — and Tom's Guide rates the new iPhones very highly — they're not that revolutionary. As good as the new iPhones are, they share plenty in common with the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, just as those phones were a modest upgrade from the iPhone 6 and iPhone Plus that preceded them. MORE: The 10 Best Smartphones Available: Where Does the iPhone Rank? That's a bit of a strategic shift for Apple, which usually breaks out an entirely new iPhone design every two years. But with most carriers no longer offering subsidized phones — in which you buy the phone at a reduced amount in exchange for a two-year contract — many people are holding onto their smartphones, going longer in between upgrades. Apple could also be motivated by the fact that 2017 will mark a decade since the iPhone's debut, and it may be looking to make a splash with that 10th anniversary model. But even if you don't buy the theory that the famously nostalgia-adverse Apple wants to make a big show of a landmark anniversary, it's clear from the rumors already circulating about the next iPhone that it will likely introduce a lot of major changes to the lineup. Start with the rumored name: Instead of calling next year's phone the iPhone 7s, most rumors suggest that Apple is leaping directly to the iPhone 8 to further emphasize how different this new phone will be from its predecessors. Highlights of the changes apparently on the drawing board for the next iPhone include: * An OLED Display: Apple would be playing catch-up with Samsung here, as its flagship Galaxy S phones feature Super AMOLED screens. While both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are brighter and show off a wider color gamut than their predecessors, their resolutions are relatively pedestrian compared to what you get from a Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge. Should the iPhone 8 upgrade to an OLED display — and display maker Sharp has all but confirmed that it will — you can expect better contrast, more saturated colors and wider viewing angles than you've gotten from previous iPhone screens. * An All-Glass Enclosure: Apple may do away with the metal design currently found in the iPhone 7 in favor of an all-glass front-and-back — a look that calls back to the iPhone 4 and 4s. Those glass panels will either be framed by aluminum or stainless steel, with the latter option more likely in a high-end iPhone. Apple's going for more than aesthetics here — the company will reportedly shrink the bezel on the iPhone 8, giving more of the front of the phone over to the display. The Xiaomi Mi Mix concept phone provides a look at what Apple might have in mind for its own phone. * Wireless Charging: Rumors about Apple coming up with a new way to charge the iPhone have been circulating since this spring. But they're picking up steam with the iPhone 8, as a new report suggests Apple's manufacturing partner has begun building wireless charging modules for the next iPhone. The company assembling these modules still has to prove it can produce enough of them to wind up in the iPhone 8, but it's clear Apple sees a wire-free future for its phones. Read More MORE: iPhone 8 Rumors: What to Expect from the 10th Anniversary iPhone The iPhone 8 could adopt other features, too. Apple's always looking to improve the phone's cameras, as the iPhone 7 update proved, and the company recently won new patents for multisensor cameras capable of producing "super resolution" images. The iPhone 8 could also feature the Smart Connector found on the iPad Pro, introducing a new class of accessories to the iPhone. Even if only a handful of these rumors pan out, we're looking at a significantly different phone than what Apple offers today. The challenge is, to get your hands on this rumored device, you're going to have to wait. Assuming Apple sticks to its schedule of fall updates for the iPhone, we're at least 10 months away from finding out just which of these rumors will turn into iPhone 8 features. The challenge is, to get your hands on this rumored device, you're going to have to wait. If a new iPhone is at the top of your holiday shopping list, that may turn out to be too long of a wait. And that's OK — as noted above, September's iPhone update introduced a number of compelling features, particularly if you're eyeing the iPhone 7 Plus. The rise of annual upgrade programs like the one Apple offers means that you could buy your new iPhone now and still jump to whatever device Apple introduces in a year's time. But if the phone currently in your pocket is less than two years old and any of the rumored iPhone features sound more compelling than what Apple introduced this fall, time may be on your side. See also : The Best iOS Apps You're Not Using (But Should Be) Best Camera Phones 23 Essential iPhone 7 Tips and Tricks 10 Reasons the iPhone Beats Android Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Type to Search Entertainment Entertainment TV Movies Books Music Style Style Fashion Grooming Accessories Food Food Restaurants Recipes Drinks Drinks Bars Cocktail Recipes Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Sex & Relationships Cars & Tech Fitness & Health Money & Career Women Women Sexiest Woman Alive Sexy Videos News & Politics News & Politics Charles P. Pierce The Code EsquireTV Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Archive Newsletter Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest tumblr instagram youtube Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Esquire Follow Us On Pinterest Esquire Sign Up For Our Newsletter Sign Up Zane Lowe Explains Why 2016 Was the Best Year Ever For Music Group Created with Sketch. Style Politics Women Entertainment Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Zane Lowe Explains Why 2016 Was the Best Year Ever For Music The world-famous tastemaker on who shows him new tunes and what he really thinks of Chance the Rapper's early Kanye beats. By Matt Miller Oct 27, 2016 Oct 27, 2016 By the time Zane Lowe is awake at 6 a.m. every morning, he's already thinking about music. While most people are hitting snooze, he's hitting the gym, the gears working in his head to figure out the blueprint to a program that will introduce people around the world to that day's most important releases—big and small. By 9 a.m. PT, when everyone else is dragging themselves to work, he's already there kicking off his Beats 1 program, spinning a global soundtrack—a platform used by the likes of Drake, Lady Gaga, and today's biggest artists to debut tracks to a worldwide audience. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Related Stories The 25 Best Albums of 2016 (So Far) Chance the Rapper Is Doing What Kanye Never Could But the work isn't done before he sits behind his microphone, because Lowe's show is a living beast, one that shifts (or pivots, as he likes to say) with the moment. Take Wednesday's show for example, when he worked the new Shins song into his playlist moments after it dropped. It's not a podcast, it's not a radio show, it's not an XM satellite show, it's not even a streaming service—it's a platform adapted for the malleable modern music industry. And it's an evolving media platform that only someone with Lowe's energy could successfully make happen. Lowe talks fast. It's not too fast that you can't understand what the hell he's saying—it's more breathless than anything, like his mouth is hardly keeping up with his mind. He's never stumbling over himself—rather, he's getting on to the next thing before he loses your attention. And he talks like this because he's excited, because his show doesn't slow down, because in our exclusively digital world, music never stops, and we need someone to filter it for the moment. He talks like this because he's having fun, he knows a hell of a lot about music and he wants to share it with you, because he knows how to make you understand the sounds your hearing. He puts music into context, but he also narrows his focus down to specific details of specific songs, explaining how and why a producer treats drums. It's as much for the music elite as it is for the casual listener—that's no easy accomplishment in an art form that values inclusivity as much as it values exclusivity. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Again, there are few people who can make this happen other than Lowe, who started making music and DJing in New Zealand in the late-'90s then became a global tastemaker with BBC Radio 1 until he landed his gig at Apple Music. He can get into casual discussions with Elton John about Bruno Mars, but also hang in the studio with a young Chicago rapper named Chance like they both grew up on the South Side. From 2003 to 2015, Lowe became a powerful voice in the music industry, championing young artists on his award-winning BBC program. In 2015 he relocated to Los Angeles and launched a new program on Apple Music's Beats 1, which airs at 9 a.m. PST Monday-Thursday. "The thing that really sort of took us all by surprise was how fast it moved right from the start and how there was, and there still is, and I dare say probably, hopefully never will be any kind of rest, any kind of down time," Lowe told me in a conversation over the phone. We spoke the day after South By Southwest announced that he'd be the 2017 keynote speaker. As a host and creative director at Apple Music, Lowe has been expanding the breadth of the programming, most recently launching the new Best of the Week and provide an "opportunity for artists to be able to speak about their records and for an audience to be able to listen to that, to listen to the artist and listen to the music in context." Musicians want to know him, listeners want to be him or at least be friends with him, and publicists and managers and record execs want his ear. Days before he interviewed Lady Gaga as she released one of the most anticipated pop albums in the world, we talked to Lowe about the state of the industry, how Kanye West messed with Chance's beats, and why 2016 has been the best year for music ever. Esquire: Your show has become such a great single curated source for new music. So how many people do you have working behind the scenes to find that? And what's your personal criteria for what you'll play and what you won't play on the show? Zane: Well, first of all, in terms of what gets played and doesn't get played, it's kind of always been a bit indefinable. That's a sort of alchemy that you don't want to overthink. I don't exist in a genre-based environment, I don't exist in an ear-based environment, I don't just play pop records. So what I'm looking for is greatness, I'm looking for something that we all agree has that real aura of greatness to it. It's been made with this authenticity, this passion that is real and believable. And if it's not there but you see it coming on the horizon, you can see it and at least, if it's not achieved, that the ambition is there, then absolutely we're drawn into that world. A lot of the time artists are ambitious. They run before they can walk, you know? And you have to be able to see that they're going to get to that point. So in terms of who provides that for us, again, you know, it's a combination of all of us digging around, bringing things to the table, relying on our friends who work at record labels. Like, absolutely trust your instincts and play the music that you love but open your ears because every single kid with a phone is a curator, and everybody that's sharing a picture or sharing a song or recommending something is a key curator in their's and somebody else's lives. So if the curating age is all of us, then perhaps we should listen a little more and stop talking. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Last week you made a point on the show that you're not a radio station, you're a filter for streaming. Tell me a little bit more about this and what might be the best way to explain this to someone who's a casual listener who might not understand that distinction? Well, it's a good question. I think that radio stations for the most part have always been this sort of beacon for local community. I mean, they provide necessary information, entertainment. So, new music for its audience really inhabits that time zone or that city or that town and, if you're really lucky and you're in the UK, that country. For the most part, those have become really just about driving audience into that environment to sell advertising. Let's just be really clear. If you're talking about commercial radio, we're not talking about the BBC or other stations of that matter that have the luxury of people supporting them and funding them. If you're in the commercial sector, you're really about making money. And that's fine. I work for Apple, of course. You know, I get it. We're a company, but at the end of the day Apple has realized that this is an important thing to do for music and that it plays an important role for Apple Music. They're just saying to us, go and invest in new music, go and find the records that matter, and go and be of service to the audience that uses Apple Music. We're the shop front window for Apple Music on industry row. And if you're walking down that road, you're trying to work out what you're going to spend your money on in terms of building your entertainment lifestyle block that surrounds you. And our job is that, when they go past looking for music, that we're in the shop front window telling them how fucking great music is, and how amazing the artists that make it are, and how magic it is. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below And you know, in an industry that's currently in flux, it seems like you're taking some of the best points of streaming platforms, of radio, of all of these different types of ways of discovering music and kind of putting it into one place. And it's an interesting goal. I mean, has it been successful so far? And what changes can you still make to it? I mean, it has been successful. It's been more successful than I could have ever hoped. Definitely. And I think in that year, we were told to just move that needle just on a Beats level and I really believe that we've done that and continue to do that. But we're only just over a year old. And, yeah, there's a ton to get better at, to improve on. There's a ton to get right. And there's a ton that we can build on and make better. I mean, when you think about how long Apple Music has been going and the fact that within a year we've taken a look at what it feels like to use us and how intuitive the service is and made changes and made improvements. And I think those improvements will continue forever. So do you not currently try to say, "Oh, well what am I going to be doing in ten years from now?" Because I'm sure when you were starting out, you never imagined you'd be working on this type of platform in this specific type of space? No, never. Never, never. No. I'm sort of like anybody. You know, you have those moments where you project on a quiet moment, you project like what will life be like in ten years? Or twenty years? But, you know, being a family man and having a wife and two children who I love more than anything in the entire world, as long as we're healthy and happy and we're all in a sort of place where we're learning from each other, then the rest of it is just a fun way to get home. You know? Not to sound like I'm not built for this industry, because I absolutely am, but I also know where my priorities are and, at the end of the day, you know there are good days and bad but as long as I get home safe at the end of the day and everyone is present and accounted for and happy to see me, then I'm fucking stoked. You know? And the rest of the time spent, really, is just about going out there and doing the best job I can for the company that believes in me. And does that mean it's going to be a good time all the time? No. There are challenges and there are days when it's tough, really tough, because you're trying to build something in the public eye in an industry which is transforming. Music is always the first through the wall in the entertainment industry, when it comes to change. It's a bloodied and bruised industry because it's always the thing that people piss shit out on. What a hell of a year to launch something new like this with Kanye and Drake and Rihanna and Chance and Beyonce. It's been the craziest year for music ever. I mean, if you just look at the albums that have come out—like, we really needed these artists to come through this year. Like, they didn't even realize. But when you look at the list of artists, like everyone's come through. Radiohead, Red Hot Chili Peppers—the are just some of my favorites—Beyonce, Rihanna, Drake, James Blake—these are artists who normally put albums like once every three, four, five, sometime six years. And they've all decided to come this year. It's like you couldn't have fucking written it. It's unbelievable. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Is this just coincidence? Was there something leading up to it that made 2016 such a phenomenal year for big group releases? I mean take a look around at 2016 period. It's been a year of extremes, right. On every level. For the most part, really tough to watch and really tough to deal with. It's been an incredibly challenging year for the world. I'm just stating the obvious here. I mean, it's been an incredibly disruptive and crazy year on every level—from what seems to be the smallest thing right through to the largest thing you could imagine. It's been a year of real turmoil and real change. Well, it's not even a coincidence. I don't believe that. I believe that there's some subconscious behavior going on, subconscious trend that is ultimately—art moves with the times, and musicians and artists, filmmakers, whoever's trying to capture that moment and share their vision of it or their feeling of it with the world, you are motivated by what's going on around you. And so if everything is going on around you at the same time, if anything, perhaps that's what's subliminally motivating musicians to make music. But I'm glad they did because you know someone sent a message to me on social media that music has been one of the only things that's come out this year that has kind of been a beautiful distraction from everything that's going on. It was from someone that I don't know that just put this on social media and I read it and it meant something to me because I agree. If you read the papers or look outside the window or listen to your friends from the closest friends and family right to the people you don't know in countries you've never been to, you know, it's been a tough, tough year. Yeah. And given a lot of those artists that you mentioned, especially Kanye and Chance and Beyonce and Radiohead, and Frank Ocean, I mean, they all released in their own specific way. And they've kind of proven that they can navigate the industry in their own way. I mean, is there anything specifically tell about the ways that these albums were released this year? All of them. All of them. And everything you just said. The layers of thoughtful creativity that can go into the presentation of music now that comes from the head of the artist is continually inspiring. Artists are taking the opportunity now more than ever to be part of every aspect of their career. Chance the Rapper is independent on every level, and yet he's heading very quickly towards headlining the world's biggest festivals next year and being the artist that matters. In terms of new artists. I mean, I remember when I was coming up and it was record stores and major record labels. You would ask an artist when their single was coming out and they couldn't tell you. They couldn't tell you the date around when it was coming out. They would look at the label like "When's the album coming out?" I mean, is it any wonder that we got to a point where the babysitting just got crazy. And now artists are in a situation if you ask you when their album's coming out, they'll give you the various release dates, they'll tell you how it's going to come out, when it's going to come out, when the pop-up store is going to start, how you can get the artwork, how they're going to deliver this, deliver that, how they're going to use their socials, how they're going to present it live, who they're going to tour with... I mean, it's continually inspiring and I one-hundred percent support every aspect of it. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Yeah, and Chance has done that better than anyone this year. And, especially speaking of Chance I thought it was so cool when you were sitting with him earlier this year and he showed you the early versions of the Kanye songs. Yeah! Just let it go. It's just music, no one's going to die. You know? I think, in my opinion, I kind of liked those versions better. They were pretty phenomenal. Yeah, but we all kind of secretly thought that, but then what are you going to do? Who's going to tell that to Kanye? It's like, "Hey bro, I think the version of 'Famous' is better." [laughs] I'm not going to be the guy to say that, yet. Yeah, I don't think anybody could do that. There's been so much. I mean, can you narrow it down to five favorites from the year? Aw, man! Dude! Fuck you, man! Do you know that you're the first person to ask me to do that this year. How am I possibly going to do that. Oh my god, holy shit! I know, it's impossible. Alright, alright, lemme have a crack at it. Kaytranada, who's got to be on the list. Chance has got to be on the list. Um. Bon Iver's got to be on the list. Frank, to me, is my album of the year. I mean, I'll say that now straight up. Drake's got to be on the five. I love Views. I think Views is fucking phenomenal! I mean, he said in an interview, he's like, "I'm going to make music that you're not going to get immediately. You'll come back to it." I come back to songs on that that I just didn't get at first and now I love. I mean, I think if it'd have to be a ten, a starter for ten. I don't think you could do five. You'll literally put yourself in a world of pain if you try and narrow this year down to five. It's unrealistic. But, Frank is number one for me, that I will say. Yeah, oh yeah, definitely. It's a record a I've listened to more than any other albums. It's got so much depth, it's insane. Just lyrically and melodically. Even just things like in "Seigfried" when he sings that refrain "I'm not brave," and then you wait and then he has this little chant in the background that goes "Praise!" Just things like that, little moments that make you want to try harder or think deeper or reminisce longer or fucking move faster. Just music that makes me do things like that. And Frank makes me stop. It's one of those albums where I don't really listen to it on the background and I don't put it on lightly. I choose when to put that album on and normally it's because I need it rather than it's just there. Read Next: Group Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions BestProducts Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Samsung, Apple dominate tablet market as shipments plunge Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 8:11 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Samsung and Apple still rule tablet market</p> <p>The two electronics giants still dominate the space as overall shipments remain sluggish.</p> Samsung and Apple still rule tablet market    Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 9:44 AM ET | 00:38 Amazon's shipments of tablets grew four-fold in the third quarter as the overall market plunged, but Apple and Samsung held their position at the top, according to a new report. The worldwide tablet market continued to stay sluggish with vendors shipping 43 million units in the three months to the end of September, down 14.7 percent year-on-year, according to research from the International Data Corporation (IDC). But Amazon bucked the trend, shipping 3.1 million units, up from 800,000 a year ago, representing a 319.9 percent surge. The e-commerce giant is the third-largest tablet vendor with 7.3 percent market share. It's important to note that Amazon is coming off a low base and IDC did not include the 6-inch version of its Fire tablet in the third quarter of 2015 as it did not meet the study's criteria at the time. This helped it gain the unprecedented year-on-year growth as it was counted this year. The company was helped by a Prime Day sale in early July. "The already low-priced device was offered at a 30 percent discount then, and continued to remain popular throughout the rest of the quarter. The new Fire HD 8 released in early October will likely perform well in the holiday quarter as it follows Amazon's strategy of selling low-cost tablets as a gateway and companion to its ecosystem," IDC said in its report. Michael Short | Bloomberg | Getty Images Amazon Fire HD 8 tablet computers in a variety of colors are displayed for a photograph in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Wednesday, Sept. 16, 2015. But Amazon still trails Apple and Samsung which continue to dominate, despite seeing declines. Apple's iPad shipments fell 6.2 percent to 9.3 million in the third quarter, giving it a market share of 21.5 percent. Samsung saw shipments fall 19.3 percent to 6.5 million in the third quarter. Market share stood at 15.1 percent. IDC analysts said the recall of the combustible Note 7 did not seem to have an effect on the company's tablet sales but the company has wider problems. "Fortunately, the negative press from the Note 7 did not bleed over into its tablet business. However, overreliance on the declining slate market led to a decline of 19.3 percent compared to 3Q15. Samsung's attempt to enter the detachable market with its TabPro S at the beginning of 2016 seems to have taken a backseat as its price and positioning remain uncompetitive," IDC said. A slate tablet is a device that is controlled by touching the screen. "Detachable" tablets are those that come with keyboards, such as Samsung's TabPro S or Apple's iPad Pro. Apple's shipments declined less than the overall market. "Despite Apple's marketing push for the iPad Pro, the iPad Air and Mini lines have been the models with mass appeal, accounting for more than two-thirds of its shipments this quarter. Although Apple's tablet shipments declined 6.2 percent year over year, total iPad-related revenues were flat for the quarter, thanks to the iPad Pro offering," IDC said. Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Don't Dismiss Apple Inc.'s China Troubles Apple doesn't seem willing to admit that its wounds in China are self-inflicted. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 1, 2016 at 8:40AM During Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) fiscal 2016, the company's revenue in the Greater China region plummeted 17%, hitting approximately $48.5 billion, down from around $58.72 billion in the year prior. Image source: Apple.  On the company's most recent earnings call, CEO Tim Cook offered the following explanation for that precipitous decline: Also, as you probably know, the fiscal year 2016 performance was hurt by the devaluation of the currency, which affected it about 3%, so the underlying business performance was 14% down. And so why was it down? There's lots of reasons, but the largest one, in our view, is that when you look at what happened in 2015 in China, we had a surge of upgraders that came into the market for the iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, and the upgrade rate increased relatively more in Greater China than elsewhere around the world. And so, when that upgrade rate in fiscal year 2016 returned to a more normal upgrade rate, which would be akin to what we saw with the iPhone 5s as a point, it had further to fall. And so that's the main reason in our view that you see a difference. Let's give Apple back the 3% currency-related impact. That, of course, still leaves a business that dropped 14% year over year. The hypothesis that the unusually strong iPhone 6 cycle led to a pull-in of demand that otherwise would have been satisfied during the iPhone 6s-cycle also seems reasonable, right? No, it's not. I'll even take it a step further and call it a deflection from the underlying problem. It's called market share loss Per a fresh report from Strategy Analytics, shipments of smartphones in China "grew a healthy 15% annually from 105.0 million units in Q3 2015 to 120.9 million in Q3 2016." Strategy Analytics also pointed out that Apple managed to grab only 6% of the market during the third quarter of 2016, plunging from the 10% share it captured in the year prior. Just so we're clear, the overall market for smartphones grew, but Apple's unit shipments managed to fall. That alone suggests market share loss, but the magnitude of the market share loss that we're talking about is enormous -- a full 40% drop. When a company sells fewer units in a growing market and sees its market share cut nearly in half year over year, there is much more going on than an upgrade cycle that's being pulled in; this is a fundamental deterioration in the demand for Apple's products relative to the demand for products from its China-based competition. Apple's not placing blame correctly The worst thing Apple's executives can do is convince themselves that plunging share in a key growth market is due to a pull-in of a product cycle. This kind of thinking will allow Apple's management team to believe that its China problems aren't due to its own execution but rather to forces outside its control. That's a dangerous way to think, because it means the company won't take the appropriate steps to try to fix the issue. So what's the underlying problem? Apple was outmaneuvered and outclassed Apple releases one new pair of flagship smartphones each year. If those phones prove to be sufficiently better than what the competition has in the market, then Apple can get by selling those models for a full year. If those models don't deliver a compelling set of features, both in absolute terms and relative to what the competition is selling, then Apple and its shareholders are stuck paying the price for the entire year. That's what I believe happened with the iPhone 6s-series smartphones, which were outgunned in several key ways by devices offered by Chinese smartphone vendors well before Apple had the opportunity to launch the arguably much better positioned iPhone 7-series phones.  The good news for Apple is that the iPhone 7-series devices are exceptionally good products that appear to be much more differentiated relative to the competition than the iPhone 6s-series phones were relative to their contemporaries a year ago. The bad news is that even though the iPhone 7-series phones are phenomenal, the major China-based smartphone makers don't release new devices once per year -- they release new flagships approximately every six months, giving them the opportunity to catch up with or even surpass Apple in areas that consumers care about.  Apple, on the other hand, must wait until the iPhone 8-series phones launch next fall before it can "respond" to what those fast-moving China-based smartphone vendors put out. I believe the iPhone 7-series phones will hold up quite a bit better than the iPhone 6s-series phones did, but it's not clear if they'll be enough to allow Apple's iPhone business to perform in line with the China smartphone market, let alone outperform it. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 8:40AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Analyst Says iPhone 7 Demand Has Peaked Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Samsung Acquires Harman for $8 Billion Apple SVP Phil Schiller Says Multi-Touch on an iMac 'Becomes Absurd' Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 3 [Download] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Review Roundup [Video] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta 3 to Developers [Download] Microsoft Announces Visual Studio for Mac Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers With TV App[Download] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Shipping Gold Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 Costs Over $3000 [Photo] Google Play Music is Now Smarter, Easier to Use, More Assistive Apple AirPods to Enter Production in December? Apple to Release 5-inch and 5.8-inch iPhone With Bezel-Less Design, Curved Edges? Apple to Release Three New iPad Pros in March Including 10.9-inch Bezel-Free Model? 51 New Emoji Proposed for Unicode 10 1Password Gets Touch Bar and Touch ID Support on the New MacBook Pro YouTube App Gets New Dream Filter, Improved Search, More Tim Cook: Proud to Work Alongside Veterans at Apple [Photo] Apple Releases New iBooks StoryTime App for Apple TV Apple Considers Dropping Price of Apple Music to $7.99/Month LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted November 1, 2016 at 12:41pm by iClarified · 5230 views · Translate Apple is considering a price drop for Apple Music that could take effect before the holiday season, according to Digital Music News sources. They also emphasized that the changes are still under discussion, albeit ‘under serious discussion’. Still, there are valuation debates underway, and the price chop may not be implemented. Currently, Apple Music costs $9.99/month with a $14.99/month family rate and a $4.99/month student rate. Apple is said to be slashing $2/month off both the regular and family plans bringing them to $7.99/month and $12.99/month respectively. The student rate would stay at $4.99/month. The move could come as a holiday promotional discount and is seen as a way for Apple to compete with Amazon Music Unlimited and Spotify. Amazon Music Unlimited is $7.99 for Prime subscribers and Spotify offers numerous discounts through carriers and others that brings down its monthly cost from $9.99. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (4) Add Comment MitchelM - November 1, 2016 at 4:37pm That would be awesome if they did they that!! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Adam - November 1, 2016 at 1:59pm I should not have to pay for what is not used. My fee should be proportional with usage. Along the same lines as iCloud. 0.99eur if I only listen to a few songs. 9.99eur if I listen to 50 or more songs. Or have a point system so I can accumulate hours for months of inactivity. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Darryn - November 1, 2016 at 3:10pm Well, send feedback to Apple. No use complaining here... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam . - November 1, 2016 at 12:49pm Please be satisfied with this, Ms. Swift. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Future MacBooks Said to Adopt Brighter OLED Displays That Consume Less Battery Life Tuesday November 1, 2016 7:08 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple is looking to use OLED displays rather than current LCD technology for its future MacBook series, according to Korean website ETNews. The report, citing unnamed sources, said Apple is currently looking into ways of using OLED displays for MacBooks and testing their performance. It does not provide a timeline as to when Apple might release its first OLED-based MacBook. The switch to OLED technology could have several benefits for future MacBooks, including lower power consumption for longer battery life. OLED panels are often thinner, too, which could allow for a slimmer and lighter MacBook design. Other potential advantages of OLEDs include increased brightness, sharper colors, and faster response times compared to LCDs. The report said Apple is actively expanding uses of OLED displays for its major products, one of which is widely rumored to be the iPhone starting next year. Apple already has experience using OLED displays in limited applications, including the Apple Watch and the new MacBook Pro's Touch Bar, but adapting the technology to larger screens can pose manufacturing challenges. Today's report pegged Samsung as Apple's supplier of Touch Bar panels, and that partnership could extend to MacBook displays in the future. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo yesterday said Apple will release new MacBooks in the second half of 2017. New and existing notebooks are said to receive price cuts, while adoption of Intel's Cannonlake processors if readied could allow for up to 32GB of RAM versus the max 16GB of RAM in current models. Related Roundups: MacBook Pro, Retina MacBook Tags: etnews.com, OLED Buyer's Guide: MacBook Pro (Buy Now), MacBook (Neutral) [ 143 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) hassaan22 2 weeks ago OLED panels are often thinner Oh, thank God! Already having major back problems carrying my new .7mm thick MacBook pro! Rating: 41 Votes Dydegu 2 weeks ago Oh, NOW we get tons of rumors... Rating: 38 Votes IndigoDesign 2 weeks ago slimmer and thinner... no thank you. Thin enough. More battery. More Power. More Ram. More accurate color-displays. But NO, NOT thinner and lighter please. And NO more HIPSTER-emoji-bar. Rating: 22 Votes __dontpanic__ 2 weeks ago Hmmmm.... maybe I should just keep waiting another 5 years. Rating: 19 Votes longofest 2 weeks ago while adoption of Intel's Cannonlake processors if readied could allow for up to 32GB of RAM versus the max 16GB of RAM in current models. What BS is this??? There are other Skylake laptops on the market that employ 32GB of RAM (looking at Dell XPS 15) Rating: 18 Votes Chupa Chupa 2 weeks ago I can already here Schiller go on about how it's Apple's brightest, most power efficient screen ever. Heh. Rating: 13 Votes dannys1 2 weeks ago Don't forget the disadvantages to OLED - namely whilst black is black, it can be too jarring and create too much "edge" for want of a better word around on pixels. There are also issues that whilst black is black so are the next 20 minor shades of black above which an LCD would display properly - so you tend to get images which look like the contrast is far too high. Brightness, image burn and lifetime of display are all issues too though they've largely been improving drastically each year as the TV technology improves - that jarring black issue is my biggest problem on both phones and OLED TV's though - to my eye its unpleasant. Rating: 12 Votes samcraig 2 weeks ago Prediction: MacBook Pros in the future will be magical. Rating: 12 Votes dannys1 2 weeks ago What BS is this??? There are other Skylake laptops on the market that employ 32GB of RAM (looking at Dell XPS 15) Yeah, but it gets 4-5 hours battery life. It's the worst on the market for it. Rating: 8 Votes kattskrall 2 weeks ago That means they can be even thinner Rating: 6 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 10 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You probably shouldn’t buy a new MacBook Pro right now Yoni Heisler BGR NewsNovember 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share While new product announcements from Apple are typically greeted with a certain amount of fanfare, the company's recently unveiled MacBook Pro hasn't exactly engendered a positive response. On the contrary, Apple's new MacBook Pro models have been blasted from all angles, with the overarching theme being that Apple has completely abandoned its core base of creative professionals. More specifically, Apple's new laptops have been criticized for being overpriced and for limiting the amount of RAM to 16GB. DON'T MISS: This is the most stunning iPhone 8 mockup yet, and it might be accurate If you count yourself among one of the many folks who find Apple's new Pro notebooks underwhelming, there's good news lurking on the horizon. According to a new research note from reputed analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple is already planning a MacBook Pro refresh during the second half of 2017 that will include a price reduction and support for 32GB of RAM. Originally published by MacRumors, Kuo's note indicates that Apple's revamped MacBook Pros will employ Intel's Cannonlake processors, assuming of course that they are ready to ship in time. ... the new MacBook to be launched in 2H17 may support 32GB DRAM, eventually attracting more core users; this depends on whether or not Intel ships Cannonlake CPU on time in 2017, which features 15-25% less power consumption of LPDDR 4, versus the existing LPDDR 3. If Cannonlake doesn’t enter mass production as expected, the new models launched in 2H17 will adopt Coffee Lake, which continues to adopt LPDDR 3, and maximum DRAM support will also remain unchanged at 16GB. Indeed, the current MacBook Pros limit of 16GB of RAM has been a sticking point for many pro-oriented users who have been patiently awaiting new Pro laptops from Apple for some time. Addressing these RAM concerns, Apple executive Phil Schiller said that support for 32GB of RAM would "require a memory system that consumes much more power and wouldn’t be efficient enough for a notebook." Delving further into the matter, the following comment from user Exploding_m1 on Reddit is worth highlighting. The true reason behind the lack of 32 GB or DDR4 is Intel. Skylake does not support LPDDR4 (LP for low power) RAM. Kabylake is set to include support, but only for the U category of chips. So no LPDDR4 support for mobile until 2018 I think. One example is the Dell XPS 13. On the Dell XPS 13 version, you cannot go for 32 GB of RAM. Meanwhile, the 15 inches does give you that option, but you have to sacrifice battery life for it. Another example is the surface book, they can't include 32gb. Only goes up to 16gb. These computers use LPDDR3 which is supported. Many mite make the argument that apple could have used the LPDDR3 version, but how would they look if they did that for the 15 inch MBP only? Regardless, it should at the very least be encouraging to see that Apple doesn't have plans to let the MacBook Pro stagnate any longer given that welcome updates to pricing and RAM support are reportedly on the horizon. Trending right now: John Oliver loses his mind over the latest Hillary Clinton email scandal This Galaxy Note 7 clone won’t explode in your hand Kodak’s new 21-megapixel smartphone is called the ‘Ektra’ See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 1 AAPL: 111.49 -2.05 iFixit tears down 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro (no Touch Bar), finds smaller battery, new keyboard, custom SSD unit Benjamin Mayo - 2 weeks ago @bzamayo MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit iFixit is back again with another Apple product teardown, this time of the new 13-inch MacBook Pro that features physical function keys but lacks the new Touch Bar. The 13-inch sports 2 Thunderbolt 3 ports and is positioned as the cheaper option in Apple’s lineup, priced at $1499. iFixit has disassembled the laptop revealing some significant internal changes over the previous iteration, including a 25% smaller battery, a custom SSD controller (although the drive itself is theoretically removable) and much more — more photos after the jump … The iFixit team noted the addition of new rubber bumpers on the speakers, likely to limit vibration as the new MacBook Pro speakers are significantly louder and offer higher degrees of dynamic range. In terms of audio peripherals, the new MacBook Pros still feature a 3.5mm headphone jack (unlike the iPhone 7, which relies on Lightning or Bluetooth for audio output). What’s revealed in the teardown is that the headphone jack component appears to be modular; iFixit speculates this makes it easy for Apple to replace it with a Lightning or USB-C connector in future design revisions. The new 13-inch MacBook Pro houses a 54.5 Wh battery which is significantly smaller than the previous model, holding 25% less juice. Despite the capacity change, Apple says it is still rated for ten hours of use so it is to be determined whether the smaller capacity will impact everyday usage. Despite the battery getting physically smaller, tough glue makes it no easier to remove or replace. The new keyboard and trackpad components are also on display in this tear down. Apple boasts a 2x larger trackpad surface area and ‘second-generation’ butterfly mechanism for the keyboard. iFixit confirms the changes, saying that the keycaps are a little taller and easier to find. The SSD is easily removable, not soldered to the board like some other Apple laptops, but is controlled by custom proprietary Apple SSD silicon. This Apple SSD controller previously featured in the Retina iMac. Although the SSD is removable, the Apple controller means it cannot be replaced just yet as tinkerers must wait for compatible third-party components to come out. Per Apple’s announcement, the SSDs are 100% faster than the previous generation which will yield a nice performance boost. To avoid doubt, the RAM is not user-upgradeable at all — it is soldered to the board. An interesting miniaturization change is that there is no longer a dedicated AirPort card for WiFi and Bluetooth. This functionality is now embedded into the main logic board. In general, the iFixit tear down backs up Apple’s claims about the new MacBook … although it couldn’t find anything special with the supposed “advanced thermal architecture”. Asymmetric blade design is present here, but that was first introduced in the 2012 Retina MacBook Pro. Unsurprisingly, the computer is not made to be tinkered with and iFixit rates it with a measly repairability score of 2/10: Apple continues to use pentalobe screws to deter repairs, the battery is solidly glued down and the SSD uses a proprietary drive. Read the full report here. It will be interesting to compare this with the teardown of the new MacBook Pros with Touch Bar, when they ship later in the month. Those models will likely feature additional internal engineering innovations to accommodate the Touch Bar, Touch ID and additional USB-C Thunderbolt 3 ports. Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Here’s an Alternative to Your Credit or Debit Card for Online Shopping 'What we're building is for normals' By Brady Dale • 11/01/16 8:40am Trick the man this holiday season by buying stuff the old fashioned way: anonymously. Matt Cardy/Getty Images It’s really hard to maintain your privacy when spending money online. As we’ve previously reported, the government insists on attaching money to identity in order to protect Americans from terrorism. Anonyme Labs announced a new product yesterday, SudoPay for iOS, that could help keep your debit card or credit card number private as you buy things on the web or on mobile. “When we originally started this effort in 2014, consumers were less mindful of their online privacy,” Symantec CEO and Anonyme Labs cofounder Greg Clark said in a release. “Today, this topic is front and center.” Now that people have become ever so slightly more careful, the app lets users buy digital debit cards that they can load with money in order to make online purchases. That way, consumers won’t expose their real credit card number to merchants. The virtual cards get funded using Apple Pay. Further, users can even create fake names, addresses and phone numbers to associate with the card, for when vendors request the billing address. “The beauty of Apple Pay is is what they call tokenization,” CEO Steve Shillingford told the Observer in a phone call. Apple’s system masks the card number itself from vendors. “All we know is that card’s valid, charge it and generate that virtual credit card.” SudoPay does not require any personally identifiable information to use, though it does collect some data about how users use the app, according to its privacy policy. In SudoPay, a user’s only identity is the credit card token that authorizes a charge. “I’m never going to be able to pin that identity to an actual user,” Shillingford said. Users don’t have to use their real names on SudoPay virtual cards because they are not refillable cards, and such cards have an exemption under “know your customer” rules. “What we’re building is for normals, people who are not technically sophisticated,” Shillingford said. “What we’re focused on are people who are wanting to take control of some of that exhaust they leave online.” Prepaid cards aren’t new, but SudoPay adds convenience and takes advantage of mobile technology. In fact, last winter Yael Grauer, writing in Forbes, tried to shop anonymously and found it nearly impossible, so this new app may be more powerful than we can appreciate now. SEE ALSO: Hide your work from Google with this Docs alternative. Purchasing a virtual card on SudoPay incurs a fee to the user. That fee comes on a sliding scale. “On a $10 card it would be about 90 cents. On a hundred dollar card, it would be about $4.50,” Shillingford estimated. Consumers see the fee before confirming the purchase of a debit card, but there’s no clear explanation of the fee schedule on the SudoPay website. We recently reported on another unique mobile payments system designed for international spending, called Abra, which works by using the bitcoin network. SudoPay works alongside Sudo, a free app that lets users create nine profiles, each with their own phone number and email, in order to use online services under aliases, texting and making phone calls, without sharing their true personally identifiable information. So, for example, you could create a fake profile just for selling stuff on Craigslist, without ever giving your buyers your real name or phone number. Both mobile apps take users a good way down the road in terms of interpersonal privacy. If your threat model primarily concerns other people trying to take advantage of you, Sudo and SudoPay will help. They also enable making purchases online without contributing to corporate America’s ever growing profile of individuals’ spending habits. Shillingford estimated that SudoPay for Android should be available early in 2017. Up NextMarotta Responds to LD40 Slate’s Calls for Withdrawal Article continues below More from Politics Marotta Responds to LD40 Slate’s Calls for Withdrawal Up NextMarotta Responds to LD40 Slate’s Calls for Withdrawal Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Devices Health Transport Data/Security Industrial Cities Platforms more About Contact Subscribe Privacy Advertise More Categories Code Structure Connect Lead Fund Grow Operate About Contact Advertise Privacy Subscribe Devices Health Transport Data/Security Industrial Cities Platforms more About Contact Subscribe Privacy Advertise More Categories Code Structure Connect Lead Fund Grow Operate Apple picks Blackberry talent for driverless car OS Posted on October 31, 2016 in Transport Donal Power criticalvc@gmail.com http://www.criticalvc.com/ Contributing Writer In a move to bulk up its future self-driving car software platform, Apple has set up a Canadian unit to develop an automotive operating system. Bloomberg says Apple has poached dozens of software engineers from QNX, a subsidiary of cell phone maker Blackberry. Apple’s new unit will be based in a suburb of the Canadian capital of Ottawa – and five-minutes distance from the offices of QNX. This remote office is seen as an unusual step for Apple who prefers to keep research and development teams in close proximity to its Cupertino, California, headquarters. This news follows earlier reports that Apple was pivoting from developing hardware to a focus on software and services. According to a former QNX executive, Apple swooped up those particular engineers for their experience in developing operating systems’ fundamental components. The hiring spree over the past year will boost Apple’s efforts towards developing a core car operating system. This software system will be as intrinsic to Apple’s future robotic cars as the IOS which powers iPhone functionality. Another team is reportedly busy developing separate software that will run on the car operating system and help autonomous vehicles navigate independently. Apple also envisages the operating system enabling heads-up display (HUD) systems. These HUD systems will display apps and maps that voice-driven AI Siri could help manage. Apple-poached Blackberry CEOs? Of the two dozen QNX hires, Apple’s most notable pickup was QNX chief executive Dan Dodge. Since Dodge joined Project Titan, the name for Apple’s car project, he has become increasingly responsible for overseeing the automobile operating system. But the pressure is on for Project Titan to deliver workable self-driving technology by autumn 2017. At that point, project czar Bob Mansfield is expected to assess how far along the technology is and decide on the next steps of the initiative. Apple’s poaching of QNX talent will create difficulties for Blackberry, as it frequently cited the subsidiary as a driver of future growth. Ontario-based Blackberry was busy expanding QNX’s operating system to allow it to run autonomous vehicle software. Blackberry has also inked deals with such autonomous vehicle startups as AdasWorks to integrate QNX into their technology. Tags: Apple, BlackBerry, Internet of Things, IoT, QNX, self-driving cars Facebook Comments Related Posts Shake and brake: your autonomous car wants your attention There’s a grey period that autonomous car developers don’t often discuss between humans controlling cars and AI controlling cars, where humans in autonomous cars will need to stay on high alert to avoid accidents with terrible human drivers. Some suggestions have been put forward on how to tackle this intersection, like using visual or aural… Read more » David Curry Uber to kick off first autonomous car test in Pittsburgh Uber announced on Thursday that its autonomous car, a modified hybrid Ford Fusion, will be hitting the streets of Pittsburgh. The car will be collecting mapping data, alongside testing the company’s self-driving system. It is the first public testing of Uber’s autonomous car. The Advanced Technologies Center (ATC), a division located in Pittsburgh, is in… Read more » David Curry Ford pumps up Velodyne; will double Silicon Valley team in a year Automotive giant Ford has pledged to double the size of its Silicon Valley team by the end of 2017 and also invested $75 million into Velodyne, which sells LiDAR (light imaging, detection, and ranging) sensors for cars. The dual announcements show an increase in commitment to technology inside cars, especially autonomous tech. Ford is behind… Read more » David Curry Roke creates self-driving car “black box” for crashes Roke Manor Research, an engineering consultancy group based in Romsey, UK, has demonstrated a black box capable of reconstructing an autonomous car accident in 3D. Unlike most car black boxes, which send alerts when the driver goes over the speed limit or crashes, Roke’s new 3D box will show an animated scene of the minutes… Read more » David Curry Autonomous scooter software passes a critical driving test A recent trial for a mobility scooter that is self-driving completes a lengthy process of testing the software designed by researchers from the National University of Singapore, the Singapore-MIT Alliance for Research and Technology and MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. The same sensor configuration and software has been used in trials of golf… Read more » Amanda Razani ReadWrite News Devices What cold chains can teach us about the dynamics of IoT power Michael Vedomske November 14, 2016 michael.vedomske@ingenu.com http://www.ingenu.com Principal Data Scientist, Ingenu Connect with ReadWrite Like Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Devices Will hybrid smartwatches prove a more tempting solution to consumers? Ryan Matthew Pierson November 13, 2016 ryanmatthewpierson@gmail.com http://ryanmpierson.com Contributing Writer Devices Wearable innovation is coming to first responder technology Cate Lawrence November 12, 2016 cate@atravellingcook.com Contributing Writer Cities What happens to transportation projects under President Trump? David Curry November 12, 2016 davidatfreelance@gmail.com Contributing Writer Devices Samsung wants you to say hello to Bixby Amanda Razani November 11, 2016 razani.amanda@gmail.com Contributing Writer Cities How IoT and citizen science can tackle urban disadvantage Cate Lawrence November 11, 2016 cate@atravellingcook.com Contributing Writer Cities Hong Kong plans to roll out smart city trials in Kowloon East Amanda Razani November 11, 2016 razani.amanda@gmail.com Contributing Writer Cities Sustainability will be driving the smart city bus by 2020 Donal Power November 10, 2016 criticalvc@gmail.com http://www.criticalvc.com/ Contributing Writer About Contact Advertise Privacy Subscribe Devices Health Transport Data and Security Industrial Cities Platforms © 2016 ReadWrite
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US Election World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Apple to offer MacBook Pro 2017 with 32GB RAM at cheaper price: Report Kuo is of the opinion that the MacBook Pro to be released in the second half of 2017 will come with 32GB RAM. Raymond Ronamai   November 1, 2016 18:20 IST Apple MacBook Pro with Touch BarApple Newsroom Apple appears to be working seriously on taking its MacBook Pro laptops to a new level at a time when desktop and laptop sales have dropped drastically over the years. A new research report has claimed that the company's 2017 version of MacBook Pro could potentially come packed with a 32GB RAM, and that too at a cheaper price. The Cupertino giant is tight-lipped on its upcoming MacBook Pro, but KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has claimed in a research report that the MacBook Pro might see growth in 2017 with the company likely to opt for a price cut of both the existing and new laptops. Why advertise with us? [READ: MacBook Pro Touch Bar is the coolest thing ever: 8 things you can do with the multi-touch strip] Kuo is of the opinion that the MacBook Pro to be released in the second half of 2017 will come with 32GB RAM though it depends on the time Intel launches Cannonlake processors. "The new MacBook to be launched in 2H17 may support 32GB DRAM, eventually attracting more core users; this depends on whether or not Intel ships Cannonlake CPU on time in 2017, which features 15-25 percent less power consumption of LPDDR 4, versus the existing LPDDR 3," MacRumors quoted Ming-Chi Kuo as saying. "If Cannonlake doesn't enter mass production as expected, the new models launched in 2H17 will adopt Coffee Lake, which continues to adopt LPDDR 3, and maximum DRAM support will also remain unchanged at 16GB," he added. Apple's current MacBook Pro comes packed with 16GB RAM, and the company's marketing chief Phil Schiller had earlier said that increasing the RAM without upgrading the processor would drain battery. [Source: MacRumors] Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Update HTC One (M8) with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM 10 hours ago By Rohit KVN AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online 10 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Supermoon 2016 India and US: Best places and time to watch Jackie Chan's dreams come true, Police Story actor wins Oscar Why advertise with us? most popular Resort to chekcing your Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus now for Android Nougat OS update Rumour mills are currently abuzz with a lot of things concerning Android Nougat rollout to Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Apple AirPods set to hit stores next week Apple's much awaited AirPods are expected to be released in Europe later this month. Apple iPhone 8 to come with drastically changed display panel Apple's iPhone 7 series successor, iPhone 8 is expected to come with massive upgrades in terms of design language and display panel. Xiaomi Mi 3W, Mi 4 get Android Nougat update via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat custom ROM on Xiaomi Mi 3W and Mi 4. Does Reliance Jio free voice call get limited to less than 30 minutes? Do let us know, if your Reliance Jio free voice call got disconnected mid-way even though there were no official call drops. Decoding mystery behind Morse Code; headphones and Easter Eggs in Battlefield 1 Important updates for Battlefield 1 gamers. AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online Most of the passwords were stored in plain text. OnePlus 4 now rumoured to feature dual rear cameras upon release New rumours point at a dual primary camera set-up on the next-gen OnePlus 4 smartphone. Photo Gallery In pictures: Supermoon around the world In pictures: Supermoon around the world Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
∞ Home Home ∞ Membership ∞ Privacy A letter from Apple’s VP of Environmental Initiatives About Contact The Loop’s staff members Sample Page Sponsorship Thanks for your RSVP The Dalrymple Report The Loop magazine Issue 1 “So that’s what the spiral thing on my Swiss Army knife is for!” Enduring design Mac gaming’s sad balkanization Not fond of rules The profound power of the Internet in your pocket Tweaking and Sliding: The Jordan Rudess Authorized Biography Welcome to The Loop magazine Issue 2 Avoiding the Smartphone Trap Content as Medium Free The Biggest The Evolution of Human Interface The Tentacle, the Monkey and the Motorcycle Issue 3 “Is that you Matthew Modine? Is this me?” Legend In the Wings Magical Moments Out Of This World The Digital Revolution of Design Issue 4 1974 Accessibility Every Day Do It Because You Love It Everyday Magic Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes Tour 2000 The Smell of Rubber and Ozone Issue 5 Designing Apps for Everyone Getting Started with iOS and Mac Development Step Right Up Touching the Future Where’s the inter-app-erability? Issue 6 Part of the Crowd Playing the Game The Drinker’s Code of Conduct The Unacknowledged Compromise What do you do? Issue 7 Helicopters vs. Ninjas How to Have a Crappy Time with Wine It Should Mean Something So You Think My Music Should Be Free Why I Buy Vinyl Issue 8 Cynicism Shut Down My Life With the F-Word The Future of Human Interface, Part 2 The Magic of Alchemy The Signature Issue 9 Chasing Eddie Van Halen’s “Brown Sound” How I Got Started With the Mac: My 27 Year Love Affair Reputation Technology Makes Following Sports Better Than Ever Three Life-Changing Moments: What Apple Has Done Privacy Thoughts on Apple’s Mac Event Keynote Apple and Netflix Posted on Tuesday, November 1st, 2016 at 5:43 am. PT Written by Dave Mark Ben Thompson, from a fascinating Stratechery post: The problem Apple has in premium video — and given that the company has been trying and failing to secure video content on its terms for years now, it definitely has a problem — is that its executives seem to have forgotten just how important the piracy leverage was to the iTunes Music Store’s success. Ben quotes the next paragraph from this Wall Street Journal story from last summer: [Senior Vice President of Internet Software and Services Eddy] Cue is also known for a hard-nosed negotiating style. One cable-industry executive sums up Mr. Cue’s strategy as saying: “We’re Apple”…TV-channel owners “kept looking at the Apple guys like: ‘Do you have any idea how this industry works?’” one former Time Warner Cable executive says…Mr. Cue has said the TV industry overly complicated talks. “Time is on my side,” he has told some media executives. Ben continues: Time may be on Apple’s side, but the bigger issue for Cue and Apple is that leverage is not; that belongs to the company that is actually threatening premium content makers: Netflix. Netflix is the “piracy” of video content, but unfortunately for Apple they are a real company capable of using the leverage they have acquired. This is fascinating on many levels. First, there’s the notable absence of Netflix from the Apple TV section of last week’s Apple event. Buying Netflix would not only solve the problem of Netflix’ absence from Apple’s new TV App, it would also build an interesting bridge over to Amazon. Netflix is a first tier, searchable citizen on Amazon’s Fire TV, and Apple buying Netflix would certainly help the Apple TV pull back even with Amazon in the area of search. But buying Netflix would give Apple more than that. On one hand, it would give Apple leverage in their relationship with Amazon, a lever they could use to nudge Amazon Video onto Apple TV. On the other hand, if Amazon doesn’t play ball, Apple could use Netflix as a marketing edge to distinguish Apple TV from Fire TV. Either way, I’m a fan of Apple buying Netflix, think it’d be an efficient use of capital, way more so than an umbrella purchase like Time-Warner, which I think would be much more of a derailing distraction than its content is worth. Prof. Peabody You left out a couple of important things … if Apple buys Netflix, a reasonable person would expect an immediate 50% raise in the price of the service. Also Apple is notoriously and historically incapable of providing anything that regular working class people can afford or appreciate. Netflix is the low end TV for everyone. Apple buying it and turning it into some high-end, HD, fashion-related luxury product like the rest of their stuff would be basically the death of Netflix. The miss-match in cultures would be so strong it would be like Donald Trump investing in a radical feminist group. Ken Johnson What a ridiculous statement. Does Apple charge 50% for Apple Music than Spotify? If they did, would anyone subscribe? If Apple immediately increased the Netflix subscription price by 50%, 50% of their customers would cancel. That would make their purchase worthless. Rob Miller If you sign up for spotify on your iPhone, it’s 30% more than if you sign up for Apple Music on your iPhone. You have to go to the web and sign up for Spotify and then just login on your phone if you want to avoid the Apple 30% bump on costs of Spotify. mdelvecchio which has jack to do with what he said — the price of apple offerings. it’s spotify’s decision to charge more for their offerings in app. Steve__S Apple is charging Spotify a fee for their services. Spotify has the choice of absorbing the fee or passing it on to their customers. Spotify chooses to charge higher fees if you try to pay through the iTunes store. Either way, Apple Music doesn’t cost more than Spotify. rogifan Apple doesnt charge 50% more for apps and content. Quit trolling. Rob Miller Apple does cut themselves 30% on all app purchases & in app purchases mdelvecchio which has jack to do with anything. mdelvecchio troll garbage. working class people own ipods, iphones and ipads all over the place. it’s affordable luxury. mac mini as well. Vera Comment “Also Apple is notoriously and historically incapable of providing anything that regular working class people can afford or appreciate.” except for all the idevices, you mean? ScooterComputer My concern: why should ANYONE, including Apple, think that the content owners, Big Hollywood—who up to this point rebuffed Apple’s/Cue’s tactics—wouldn’t simply refuse to renew content deals with AppleFlix?? They’d starve Netflix under Apple even more so than they’ve starved Netflix to this point! Ben doesn’t even address that potential (and I’d argue it isn’t “if”, but “when” that would happen). And the idea that it is Netflix’s original content that would drive the value is highly arguable; Netflix is losing money on original content, it is a loss leader for them at this point to drive subscriber numbers. Almost every Netflix user I know enjoys the Netflix original stuff, but has been lamenting the decreasing content issue for over a year. (Isn’t that why we’re all looking for a “unified” solution to BEGIN WITH?) A takeover by Apple would only serve to accelerate the loss of Big Hollywood content, no doubt, and crush Netflix’s value to consumers (something Big Hollywood, now predominantly owned by cable companies, would likely short-sightedly relish). Jennifererudd3 Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj364d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj364d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash364MarketNetGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj364d:….,….. TheMacAdvocate A Time Warner acquisition gets original content from HBO and Cinemax plus something Netflix has zilch of: sports programming. I wrote about it 4 years ago (not into hawking my wares via link-dropping, but it’s easy enough to find). Plus TWC is “under the kimono” as a cable operator; Netflix is still an adversary to cable – albeit a disruptive one. Rob Miller This seems like very poor writing by Ben to me. I don’t think Apple has ever bought a company to get into a market. They’ve bought lots of companies to acquire and/or acqui-hire technologies and or staff they want to implement or use for their products. Trying to acquire a business that is Netflix model of being platform acgnostic and clearly has no intention or desire to sell would have to be an hostile take over and likely cost $120B to $150B to do a hostile take over, and then have to figure out how to make it proprietary system that is either a value add to Apple Music or Mac or iPhone etc. Ben should read Ben’s article a few months ago about a paint manufacturer that tried to go from either consumer to business or the other way and failed miserably. Billy Razzle Apple bought Beats to get into streaming music. It is also platform agnostic. This could be the new Apple way. Steve__S Netflix has a market cap of $52 Billion. Apple could buy them outright for about $62 Billion assuming a generous 20% premium on the stock. I have no idea where your numbers are coming from. Rob Miller MIGH higher premiums on hostile takeovers, and Netflix has shown now interest whatsoever in M&A talks with anyone. The debt they have is reasonable enough to keep the stock & company growing, and they are way past the stage of the company that founders looking to cash in would’ve sold. As an NFLX owner, I would vote against a buyout at only 20% premium. Steve__S You might reject it a 20% premium, but I guarantee the majority of stockholders would jump at the opportunity to take the money and run. With these types of deals, it’s about business and economic benefits far more than individual ideals. For that matter, most company’s shares are tied up in fund investors and you can be sure they’d take the 20% gain. By Jim Dalrymple and Dave Mark About Contact The Dalrymple Report Podcast Membership Sponsorship Shop Amazon—Support The Loop Ads Via The Deck Time Tracking Sucks. Deal With It. Or Use Timing. Thanks to Timing for sponsoring The Loop this week. Follow Us @jdalrymple @davemark @theloop Facebook RSS Google+ We also have a full text RSS feed available. Search for: By Jim Dalrymple © 2016 The Loop Media powered by WordPress | Privacy Policy
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Download iOS 10.1.1 to resolve Health app bug Download iOS 10.1.1 to resolve Health app bug The minor update- iOS 10.1.1 resolves Health app bug and several other small problems with iOS 10.1 By: Rohit Arora Published: Tuesday, November 1, 2016, 17:32 [IST] Apple seems to be working very hard on improving its last major iOS update. Just after a week of releasing iOS 10.1, the Cupertino giant has now pushed another update (though a minor one), the iOS 10.1.1 to iPhone and iPad users. The minor update addresses several bugs with a primary focus on resolving an issue with the Health app. SEE ALSO: 5 Best and Worst Features of Apple iOS 10 Released in India Resolves the Health app bug As noted, some users reported that the Health app was not showing any data on their iPhones even after setting up the profile. Apple was quick to respond and came up with a solution in the form of iOS 10.1.1 to fix the issue. SEE ALSO: Top 5 iMessage Apps in iOS 10 for iPhone 7 Also fixes several other bugs Besides resolving the Health app problem, the iOS 10.1.1 also fixes several other bugs, however there's no detailed information about them on the software update page. Available for following Apple devices iOS 10.1.1 will be available for iPhone 5 and later devices, iPad 4th generation and later devices, and iPod touch 6th generation and later devices. How to Download and Install Go to Settings > General > Software Update to download and install the new update on your Apple device. You can also update your Apple device via iTunes. Connect your iOS device to your PC or Mac. Open iTunes > select your device's icon on the top bar > click the Summary tab > click Check for update. Post this, click Download and update. You need to make sure that your iPhone is at least 50 percent charged to perform the update. Read More About apple | iOS | news | iOS 10 | iPhone Other articles published on Nov 1, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Reliance Jio SIM Common Problems: How to Escalate Complaints How to Get Google Assistant on Samsung, OnePlus, and Other Android Nougat Devices Facebook's Messenger Rooms Feature Allow Public Group Chats Similar to Yahoo Chat Rooms Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Top 10 Smartphones with 20 MP Plus Camera To Buy in India Apple rumoured to unveil curved, bezel-free iPhones next year Smartphone app helps early detection of autism Wearable device can reduce fat, treat type 2 diabetes Bingo Technologies Unveils VR Glass G-200 with Wi-Fi & 3D at Rs. 5,999 How to Block Annoying Ads in Facebook Messenger OnePlus 4 Rumor Roundup: Dual Rear Camera, 8GB RAM, and Much More 5 Advantages of Using Paytm While Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Notes Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Ban: Finally, Good News for Smartphone Buyers How Social Media Can Help in Finding Working ATMs [5 Possible Ways] Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KL Panasonic P71 Hyve Pryme Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FPIntex Aqua Raze 2LYF Wind 4SMicromax X781Intex Aqua S2 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Wins Patent for a Video Headset System that Supports Touch Controls & Prescription Lenses | Main | Apple Granted 46 Patents Today Covering Apple Pay UI, a Flagship Apple Store Building and More » November 01, 2016 Apple Wins Surprising Patent for a Future Bendable or Foldable iPhone using Advanced Carbon Nanotube Structures   In July Patently Apple posted two reports regarding Samsung's obsession with bendable smartphones and/or foldable smartphones. Samsung has so many patents on this future direction for smartphones that our other IP site Patently Mobile created a dedicated archive covering all of their concepts. Apple's first patent regarding foldable smartphone form factors was discovered by Patently Apple in a European patent filing in 2013. We discovered a second patent filing in Europe regarding a foldable smartphone in 2014. Today we were surprised to find that Apple was granted their first patent covering a foldable and/or bendable future iPhone that was never published before as a patent application under Apple's name. Apple must have kept it secret by filing it under their engineer's names and not under Apple to avoid detection. As another example of this tactic, here's an Apple engineer who filed a patent under his own name and Apple isn't yet shown on the filing publicly. When filed like this, no one can do a search on Apple patents and find it. It stays 'hidden' on purpose until it's granted because at that point Apple has to take possession of it. In this patent, Apple reveals the possible use of carbon nanotubes to facilitate their new smartphone form factor.   Apple's patent FIG. 2 noted above is a perspective view of an illustrative electronic device such as a future iPhone that bends along a flexible portion such as a flexible seam associated with a hinge.   Apple notes in their granted patent that one of the materials that could be used in this foldable/bendable iPhone form factor is ceramic. The first time that Apple considered this material for a future iPhone was discovered and published in our September 2016 patent report titled "Revealing Apple Patent Covers Ceramic Apple Watch and All-New Ceramic iPhone."   Apple notes in today's granted patent that "Electronic devices may be provided with carbon nanotube structures or other structures based on carbon (e.g., graphene structures, carbon-fiber structures having carbon fibers other than carbon nanotubes, etc.). Configurations in which the carbon-based structures are carbon nanotube structures are sometimes described herein as an example.   Carbon nanotube structures may include single-wall carbon nanotubes, multiple-wall carbon nanotubes, or mixtures of single-wall and multiple-wall carbon nanotubes. Carbon nanotubes can form conductive paths for printed circuits or other flexible substrates such as substrates associated with touch sensors and displays and can form structural components in an electronic device.   Conductive carbon nanotube paths can form signal paths that are flexible and resistant to cracking.   The carbon nanotube structures may be incorporated into signal cables such as flexible printed circuit cables, rigid printed circuit boards, printed circuits that include rigid portions with flexible tails (sometimes referred to as "rigid flex"), portions of display structures, portions of touch sensors such as capacitive touch sensor arrays for displays or track pads, camera structures, antenna structures, housing structures, internal device structures, electrical components, substrates, brackets, housing walls, other structures, or combinations of these structures.   To help prevent cracks in the signal lines traversing bent portions of a flexible substrate from disrupting signal flow, some or all of these signal lines may include carbon nanotubes. The carbon nanotubes may be patterned to form carbon nanotube traces 62' as described in connection with FIGS. 11 and 12. Carbon nanotubes may also be combined with metal lines. Consider, as an example, the configuration of FIG. 17. As shown in FIG. 17, flexible substrate 182 may have a bend where flexible substrate 182 traverses angled edge 174 of support structure 180 between planar upper surface 176 of support structure 180 and planar side surface 178 of support structure 180. Flexible substrate 182 may be a carbon nanotube flexible printed circuit, a flexible substrate in a display, a flexible touch sensor substrate, or other suitable flexible structure. Flexible substrate 182 may have signal paths formed on a flexible polymer layer such as polymer layer 186 (e.g., a polyimide layer, etc.). A dielectric cover layer may cover the surface of substrate 182.        As shown in patent FIG. 17 above, flexible substrate #182 may have a bend where flexible substrate #182 traverses angled edge #174 of support structure #180 between planar upper surface #176 of the support structure and planar side surface #178 of the support structure. The flexible substrate may be a carbon nanotube flexible printed circuit, a flexible substrate in a display, a flexible touch sensor substrate, or other suitable flexible structure. The flexible substrate may have signal paths formed on a flexible polymer layer such as polymer layer #186 (e.g., a polyimide layer, etc.). A dielectric cover layer may cover the surface of the flexible substrate.   In the example of FIG. 17, carbon nanotubes #172 form a line segment that covers metal signal line #170 in a portion of the line that crosses over bent edge #174 of the support structure and the corresponding bend in flexible polymer layer. Configurations of the type shown in FIG. 17 may be used to allow signal lines to traverse a hinge or other flexible joint as illustrated in patent FIG. 2 above.   Apple's patent FIG. 9 is a diagram of illustrative equipment involved in forming carbon nanotube structures for an electronic device; FIG. 10 is a diagram of illustrative operations and equipment involved in forming carbon nanotube structures for a flexible substrate such as a flexible printed circuit.   Apple's granted patent 9,485,862 was filed in Q3 2014 and published today by the US Patent and Trademark Office.   Patently Apple presents only a brief summary of granted patents with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each Granted Patent is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any Granted Patent should be read in its entirety for full details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments.   II just wanted to take a moment to thank the many Twitter fans who supported this report. Clarification to a few who are very confused: A flip phone folds vertically. A notebook folds horizontally. Apple's patent is not for a flip phone.           Posted by Jack Purcher on November 01, 2016 at 05:56 AM in 2. Granted Patents, Apple iPhone, Displays - Flexible | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > Apple Watch FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! How to Fix Apple Watch Faces Not Speaking the Time GO Mickey or Minnie Mouse not saying the time? Try this Nov 1, 2016 12:36 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  One of the changes that watchOS implemented on the Apple Watch is the possibility of the animated characters, namely Minnie and Mickey Mouse, to speak the time when the display is tapped. And while this feature is quite a hit among children, we’ve seen a lot of grown-up buyers who actually love having the time announced by Minnie or Mickey, but for some reason, this feature doesn’t work on their devices. If you’re a long-time user who participated in Apple’s beta programs, you probably know that similar issues were experienced in the first beta versions of watchOS 3, when some users reported that neither Minnie nor Mickey spoke the time on their devices. The issue was fixed in the final version, or at least that’s what it seemed at first, but now we’re seeing more and more users complaining about the same issue. So if Minnie and Mickey Mouse do nothing when tapping the Apple Watch face, here’s what you need to know. Before we start… First and foremost, you need to make sure that the option to speak the time is enabled. To check its status, open the Watch app and navigate to My Watch > Sounds & Haptics > Tap to Speak Time. Then, your Apple Watch must not be in silent mode. On the Watch face, swipe up and disable Silent mode if it’s turned on. Also, the iPhone needs to be connected to Wi-Fi the first time you set the Mickey or Minnie Mouse face - this appears to be quite a critical thing, as we’ve seen plenty of reports claiming that the feature fails to work on 3G or 4G data connection. If this is the first time you set up the Mickey or Minnie Mouse face, you must wait up to 10 minutes after setting the face and connecting the iPhone to Wi-Fi. Troubleshooting Fixing the bug that prevents the Apple Watch from speaking the time comes down to just a few simple steps, which you should try in the order below (make sure you try to see if speaking the time works correctly after running each of the steps): #1 – Apple Watch reboot. For some reason, it turns out that rebooting the Watch actually fixes the problem in some cases, which means it’s just an operating system glitch that goes away at reboot. This is clearly the easiest way to address the problem, although it does take a few minutes to restart the Watch. #2 – Soft reset. This can be done easily without losing anything, such as data and settings. All you have to do is hold down the side button and the Digital Crown at the same time for at least 10 seconds until the Apple logo appears. Once the logo shows up, just let the buttons go and let the device complete the loading process. #3 – Unpair and pair the Watch again. Launch the Watch app, go to your watch, tap the small “i” icon, and tap the option that says “Unpair Apple Watch.” To pair it again, simply launch the Watch app and follow the initial process of setting up the device. #4 – Complete reset. If nothing works, your only option is to perform a full reset of the device. Open the Settings app on the Apple Watch, go to General, scroll down to Reset and tap the option that says “Erase all Content and Settings.” You need to pair the Watch again when the process comes to an end. Step #4 is pretty much the most extreme option and obviously takes more time, but it should fix almost any issue that you might be having with the Apple Watch. If you have another workaround that helped you fix the Apple Watch faces not speaking the time, make sure you share it with the other readers by posting it in the comment box below. #Apple Watch#Apple Watch face#Apple#how to subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 8 Might Finally Get Wireless Charging Apple Outs iOS 10.1.1 to Address Health Data Issues, First iOS 10.2 Beta to Devs Apple Unveils New MacBook Pro Models with Touch Bar and Touch ID Apple's "Hello Again" October 27 New MacBook Pro Launch Event - Live Blog OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac Ubuntu Online Summit for Ubuntu 17.04 (Zesty Zapus) Starts Today, November 15 darktable 2.2 to Be a Major Release with RAW Overexposure Indication, New Tools Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Vivaldi 1.5 Web Browser Up to RC State, Fixes H.264 and MP3 Support for openSUSE    Minnie Mouse face is exclusive to watchOS 3 New Mac Apps IP Address Menu: A minimalist and unobtrusive Mac OS X application that resides in your status bar menu and allows you to see your current IP address in no time. TextMate: A user friendly Mac OS X text editor designed to provide support for programmers and designers that need an efficient tool for writing code and markup. Be Focused Pro: Minimalist status bar menu application that helps you incorporate the Pomodoro technique into your workflow, and to keep track of your tasks ChronoSync: Customizable synchronization and backup solution that is able to automatically copy data between various volumes, or to create bootable backups. Nice Generator: User-friendly password generator for OS X that can create highly personalized passkeys that include specific characters or symbols Nice Clock: Place a stylish clock icon in your Mac's dock, chose from a variety of color themes and add a useful widget in the Notification Center, with this nifty app Mobile Mouse Server: A server software that accompanies the Mobile Mouse application for iOS / Android and enables you to transform your iPhone and iPod touch into a remote controller for your Mac Reader comments Apple Seeds Beta 3 of iOS 10.2, macOS 10.12.2 and tvOS 10.1, Videos App Removed - Updated more on: iOS 10.2 Beta 3 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse This Survey Reveals iPhones Are Selling Well In US, But Apple's China Softness Continues Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} November 01, 2016 8:13am   Comments Share: Related AAPL Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Bloomberg: Apple contemplating smart glass move (Seeking Alpha) UBS semi-annual Evidence Lab Global Smartphone Survey indicated that while the iPhone was expected to see modest growth in 2017, 2018 showed better growth potential. iPhones Selling Well The survey was conducted across nearly 6,500 customers in five countries and revealed “higher overall smartphone purchase intentions in the next six months with iPhone 7 interest especially strong in the US and rising demand for the Plus,” analyst Steve Milunovich stated. The analyst also stated that there appeared to be signs of softness in China in FY 2017, including decreased interest in the iPhone 7, as compared to the 6 and 6S, although the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) brand remained strong. In fact, Apple holds a 40 percent share of the U.S. smartphone market, while recent numbers show the company only has an 8.4 percent share of the China market. Positives The positives from the UBS survey include the fact that nearly 50 percent of the U.S. respondents were “very” or “somewhat likely” to purchase an iPhone 7, which is higher than the iPhone 6 cycle two years ago. In addition, there appears to be a shift in the US toward the Plus, “with a 9-point rise over the 6s,” the analyst said, while adding, “Apple rates high in product uniqueness, and its customers are more concerned with design and less focused on price.” China Concerns The interest in the iPhone 7, however, has been lower than that for the 6 and 6S in China, while Apple’s retention rate declined in the country. Milunovich expects a single digit decline iPhone units in China for FY 2017, with a slightly longer upgrade cycle. Milunovich maintained a Buy rating on Apple, with a price target of $127. Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Goldman Sachs Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Outperform Oct 2016 PiperJaffray Maintains Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: iPhone iPhone 7Analyst Color Long Ideas Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL) Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Technical Alert: Apple Bruised The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter: 'Machine Learning Is Like A Quicksand' View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 CXRX, HAR: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GLD, DUST: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 4 BAC, RGR: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Tr... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Respon... 6 QUOT, SSTK: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capit... 7 AAP, ACM: Must Watch Stocks for Novemb... 1 SIEGY, MENT: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 14 2 GILD, ABBV: Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvo... 3 GRUB: GrubHub Investors' Growth Expectations Have Gotten... 4 PBYI: Credit Suisse Says Gr3 Diarrhea Still A Concern For... 5 TJX, XRT: Jim Strugger's TJX Companies Options Trade 6 EEM: Todd Gordon's Emerging Markets ETF... 7 GILD: Several Key Catalysts Lay Ahead For... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products EUR/USD Extends Gains A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Rise Following Strong Chinese Manufacturing Report
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Updated Nov. 1, 2016 at 2:35 p.m. 'Running watch:' Apple double downs on Nike smartwatch (Plus: Video review) Published: 2016-11-01 06:28:00 Updated: 2016-11-01 14:35:07 Post a comment Print this blog postE-mail blog post This Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, photo shows the Apple Watch Nike Plus on display, in New York. Apple isn't the first to add GPS functionality to a smartwatch, but it's the first to make something that feels like a running watch. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) By ANICK JESDANUN, AP Technology Writer Tags: Telecommunications and Wireless, Apple, Internet of Things New York — Apple isn't the first to add GPS functionality to a smartwatch, but it's the first to make something that feels like a running watch. And the company is doubling down on that with a Nike edition out Friday, while Nike is bringing features from its phone app directly to all models of Apple Watch. I've found devices without GPS typically awful at measuring how fast and how far I'm running. And those with GPS typically do little more than measure how fast and how far I'm running. The basics are great for casual runners, but anyone who becomes a serious runner needs much more. VIDEO: Watch an overview of the Apple smartwatch at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5Ck1ntZbiM I've logged more than 400 miles over the past six weeks with the GPS edition of AppleWatch, known as Series 2. I've also run 34 miles with the Nike Plus version over the past few days; it's essentially a Series 2 watch with a custom wristband and watch face. With both, Apple addressed many of the shortcomings in the original watch, GPS being just one of them. I'm not ready to ditch my Garmin running watch yet, but the Apple Watch comes close to meeting all my needs. THE IMPORTANCE OF GPS The original watch does a fine job of latching onto your phone's GPS if you're runningwith the phone, but with built-in GPS, you can leave the phone behind. Accuracy is on par with other good GPS watches, which is to say, measurements are sometimes off, especially when tall buildings block GPS signals. The watch automatically calibrates to my running style, so it's better than non-GPS devices even when there's no GPS. Though GPS drains the battery more quickly, the watch still had about an hour of non-GPS use left after a marathon run of about four hours, 40 minutes. For normal use, Apple says you should get up to 90 minutes a day of GPS workouts; I've often gone longer without the watch dying before bedtime. It helps that I've disabled the heart-rate sensor during workouts. While Series 2 is meant for stand-alone running, many people carry phones anyway. With it, I get slightly better accuracy and battery life. IMPROVEMENTS FOR ALL Series 2 watches start at $369, though it's $30 more for a larger screen — the optimal size for larger wrists. Non-GPS models, now called Series 1, are $100 less. All models get software updates that address two gripes with the original: Apple's Workout app now records your route, something other GPS fitness devices and apps have long done. The Apple app didn't use to, even with access to the phone's GPS. You can double tap the screen to record splits, or manual snapshots of how long it takes to run a stretch. Before, that was limited to mile or kilometer intervals, which didn't help when you were running laps or loops that weren't precisely that length. NIKE EXTRAS Nike's app offers a lot to like, including big yellow numerals for easy reading during runs and voice updates every mile and halfway toward your goal. Nike keeps things simple for beginners by displaying just distance and time; turn on advanced mode for current pace and heart rate. My gripes: no manual splits, and average pace appears only when pausing or through the voice updates. Nike excels in trying to motivate you even when you're not running. It will keep asking "Are we running today?" by reminding you the weather is nice or that a friend (with a watch or just the phone app) is just ahead of you for the month's total. A scheduling feature shows you weather forecasts in half-hour increments. After making a selection, you get a notification when it's time to run. Though the app is available for all models, the Nike watch also has a colorful wristband sporting holes to help sweat dry. It offers custom watch faces with one-touch access to the app, plus a reminder of your next scheduled run. Most people will be fine with just the free app, but running enthusiasts can get the Nike version for the same price. BEYOND RUNNING Cyclists get similar speed and distance information, though the watch doesn't measure how fast you're pedaling, something hard-core cyclists might want. You can swim with Series 2, even with chlorinated or salt water, something most water-resistant gadgets don't allow. The watch measures distance indoors by counting laps, though you need a pool large enough for at least five strokes per lap. WHAT'S STILL MISSING Recording splits during runs is great, but I also want to know my average pace and time since the last split, rather than the beginning of the run. I find it useful when I want to go faster in the middle of a run before a gentle cooldown. And while Apple Watch syncs workout data with the phone's Activity app, many long-time runners already have their favorite online repository, whether that's Nike, Strava or Garmin. The ability to move data around is limited. While Nike offers an Apple Watch app, it'll take time for others to catch up. Strava's still requires running with a phone, while Garmin doesn't have one at all. For these reasons, I'm sticking with my Garmin Forerunner 220. And while it's a minor annoyance, both Apple's and Nike's app do a three-second countdown before workouts. I just want to run when I hit "start." (At least with Nike's, you can disable the countdown deep in the phone settings.) DO YOU NEED APPLE WATCH? Because this review is focused on runners' needs, I haven't gotten into all the other features, such as maps, weather and shopping. Running watches and general-purpose fitness trackers such as Fitbit don't offer as much. The ability to reply to messages by voice came in handy when coordinating with friends waiting at the finish line, for instance. But if you don't need the "smarts," a decent GPS fitness device is more than $100 cheaper. WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2016 WRAL TechWire and the Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Editor's Blog The latest blog posts from our WRAL TechWire and WRAL editors. Read more articles…         Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders    Healthcare organizations embrace mobile strategy    Good news for fintech: Revenues to double by 2020    Net neutrality at risk? Plus: AT&T-DirecTV data move    Facebook captures nearly 80 percent of online audults Latest Tech News  2ULaundry, pickup and delivery service startup, raises $400K Bunker Labs program receives $1.5M funding boost Earnings: Novan, Argos, TransEnterix, Heat Bio, MaxPoint, ChannelAdvisor Hot Off The Wire Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Following WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science Samsung $8B auto tech play; Facebook glitch; Pfizer price cut; airline computer outage; China's Singles Day 45 headlines not to be missed: WTW week in review, part 2 45 headlines not to be missed: WTW's week in review, part 1 Venture & Innovation  Fundings: Undercover Colors, TCI Software raising cash Hatteras Ventures to manage NC's Venture Capital Multiplier Fund Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CED reports $175M through 62 capital deals in Q3 Google to offer real-time election returns for North Carolina NetApp cuts 6% of work force, won't say how many layoffs to hit RTP  Lenovo exec: Shifting data center, other leaders are moves to 'optimize talent'  Why is RTP such an agtech hot spot? Accelerator CEO explains  AgTech Accelerator closes on $8.5M in additional capital CED counters HB2 blowback with positive 'WhyNC' campaign Lenovo to launch 'Kung Fu' smartphone Nov. 8 Lenovo unveils first US smartphone; 3D version coming Nov. 1 Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband Cisco E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms Opinion Analysis PC industry Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News  Planet Fitness franchise operator bringing 3 STEM campuses to Triangle  Citing need for tech workers, report says computer science ed must be 'urgent priority'  InnovateEDU: A summit to inspire minority, female students to study STEM Copyright © 2016 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
UK News Gadgets Design Watch This WTF Science Apple Android Search Follow UK News Gadgets Design Watch This WTF Science Apple Android Twitter Facebook Google+ Search Follow Gizmodo UK Twitter Like Gizmodo UK Facebook Recommend Gizmodo UK Google+ apple Apple Tells Customer to Prove He Isn't Saddam Hussein For iPhone 7 Refund By Gary Cutlack on at A man trying to get a refund for an iPhone received one of the oddest emails Apple must've ever sent out, where it asked Sharakat Hussain to somehow prove he wasn't former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein before it would hand over the money. Poor old Sharakat quite rightly thought it was a joke or some spam at first, with Apple telling him that his surname was on a Denied Parties list operated by the US government, which meant special care has to be taken to make sure he isn't a terrorist or a dead overseas dictator from the 1980s and 1990s who's shaved off the beard and is hiding out in Birmingham. It was apparently a human error that caused Hussain to be mistaken for Hussein, although you'd think what with the spelling and the fact that one of them was executed on the news several years ago, it'd be really quite hard for someone who made it through Apple's recruitment processes to make such a mistake. Apple explained the error to the Independent, saying: "We offer our sincerest apologies to Mr Hussain. Though we are required to check identity while processing a refund, the letter he received was an error and should not have been sent." [The Sun via Independent] Want more updates from Gizmodo UK? Make sure to check out our @GizmodoUK Twitter feed, and our Facebook page. Tags: apple iphone money giz uk refunds Gary Cutlack Twitter 0 shares 0 Tweet 0 Like 0 +1 comments View & comment Join the discussion Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Popular this week reviews By Alex Cranz on at Google's VR Headset Is So Comfortable I Never Want to Take It Off apple By The Conversation on at Apple's New Touch Bar: A Breakthrough Or Common Sense? nature By James O Malley on at The Most Brutal Moments in Last Night's Planet Earth 2 Premiere reviews By Christina Warren on at The NES Classic Edition Is Everything You Want It to Be Back to top Popular tags UK News Gadgets Design Watch This WTF Science Apple Android IFA 2015 Apps of the Week International Gizmodo US Gizmodo France Gizmodo Germany Gizmodo Italy Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Poland Gizmodo Japan Gizmodo Australia Gizmodo Brazil Our Network Lifehacker UK Kotaku UK TechRadar Get in touch Contact us Send us a tip About us RSS Future is AOP & PPA Digital Publisher of the Year and BMA Media Company of the Year. Gizmodo UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. We produce content across four core areas: Technology TechRadar Maximum PC Mac|Life T3 Digital Camera World Gizmodo UK Lifehacker UK Entertainment GamesRadar+ PC Gamer Kotaku UK Music MusicRadar Creative Creative Bloq About Future Jobs PR Advertising Digital Future Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Subscriptions Investor Relations Contact Future © Future Publishing Limited, Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885. We use cookies on this website. By using this site, you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device. Find out more here.
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Apple adds Maps support, transit directions for multiple Ohio cities Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Tuesday, November 1st, 2016, 05:09 Category: iOS, macOS, News, Software Tweet If you’re looking for directions in and around Ohio’s cities and its transit systems, Apple Maps has you covered as of today. Apple added full directions and transit support to both the iOS and macOS versions of Maps on Monday. The new cities include Akron, Athens, Canton, Dayton, Cincinnati, and parts of Cleveland. Columbus was added last month, just before the launch of iOS 10. Users can now use Apple Maps to navigate via bus and rail routes. Each route is color-coded, and includes alerts about service issues. Apple has been gradually restoring Maps transit coverage since the launch of iOS 9 in 2015. It was stripped out with 2012’s iOS 6, when Apple decided to abandon Google Maps content in favor of other partners — temporarily sacrificing features and accuracy. Since its introduction, Apple has typically added only one or two new cities at a time, both in the U.S. and internationally. Apple also recently added Apple Maps support for multiple cities in Japan. If you’re in Ohio and have a chance to test Apple Maps and its new navigation support, please let us know how your experience goes in the comments. Via AppleInsider Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts Apple improves shipping delivery estimates for some Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pro buyers, changes status to "now shipping" in certain cases 1Password updated to 6.5, adds Touch Bar, Touch ID support among other changes Rumor: AirPods could hit the shelves come December in limited quantities Apple releases updated build of iOS 10.1.1 Rumor: AirPods may arrive come mid-November Logging In... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search Recent Posts Rumor: AirPods could hit the shelves come December in limited quantities 1Password updated to 6.5, adds Touch Bar, Touch ID support among other changes Rumor: AirPods may arrive come mid-November Apple improves shipping delivery estimates for some Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pro buyers, changes status to “now shipping” in certain cases Apple releases updated build of iOS 10.1.1 November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Blog Blog Archives Writing Gear Bags Writing Highlights Most Popular Fiction Archive Photography Prints and Licensing Portfolios Central Valley Refuges Impressions of Yellowstone Stock Photography Image Galleries Best of the Year Collections About Social Media Birding Life List ThreeDotLounge Mailing Lists Archives OtherRealms Archives Plaidworks Mailing List Archives « Thoughts on the new MacBook Pros and Apple’s announcements. Apple’s marketing on one slide. » How Apple could have avoided much of the controversy By chuq | Published Oct 31 2016 Here’s a basic reality: criticizing and second-guessing Apple is a hobby for many of us, and a profession for more than is probably healthy for the Apple ecosystem. That is a basic reality that isn’t going to change any time soon. I long ago got used the the idea that no matter what Apple said or released, the Internet would fall over itself proving how much smarter they were than Apple, only to see Apple make another truckload of money on the product everyone was criticizing. That said, this event’s criticism has been louder and more widespread and angrier than I remember seeing for a long time. I finally had to basically unplug for a while because I found myself getting into the “someone is wrong on the internet” mentality. Writing my piece over the weekend was about as difficult as anything I’ve ever written because there are a lot of legitimate gripe points with Apple right now, but so much of what’s being thrown around is trivial and petty and often outright wrong, or just plain silly. A lot of it boils down to this concept: We demand Apple innovate, but we insist they don’t change anything. No matter what, Apple loses. And as someone who watches this circus from my perch here in the Apple Ecosystem, I have to just recognize that, find the interesting and informed voices among the noise, learn from them and then move on. If I were Apple I’ve been thinking about how — if I were Apple — I’d try to minimize some of the pain and chaos going on with the users right now, while still being, well, Apple, who doesn’t roadmap the future and who really doesn’t like admitting there are problems or mistakes. Under the assumption that there are updated desktops coming after the first of the year, I think it would have made sense to mention that, just so users waiting for them can stop feeling abandoned. It doesn’t require a lot of disclosure, but I think it was time for at least some. So, later in the event, Phil brings up a single slide that says something like “More is coming soon”, and adds some color about what that means — updated iMac, a new Mac pro, and — dare we dream — an update to the Mini? Highlight some of the upcoming features, wide color, Skylake processors, USB C and thunderbolt 3, and perhaps even throw Intel under the bus a little bit over the reason they’re not shipping today. That would, I think, have muted a lot of the anger I’m seeing, without really giving away anything people couldn’t guess for themselves. What’s important here to me is that Apple acknowledges the cluster in the product line rather than proudly announce how great life is. Let’s Talk Mac Pro Speaking of clusters, let’s talk Mac Pro for a minute. I’ve come to the belief that the trash can Mac pro, the “Can’t Innovate my Ass” machine, is a product mistake of the “20th Century Anniversary Macintosh” caliber. It was a technological marvel, it was a stunning design, and it was a terrible piece of hardware for its primary audiences because of limited upgradability and component flexibility — and then Apple compounded that by not having good upgrade plans in place to refresh it since the design it created wouldn’t let its users do it for themselves. I’m convinced we’ll see not just an updated Mac Pro, but a new design, one that I hope backs away from some of the issues this design has. What I’m hoping for is in fact a new desktop product line which merges the Mini and the Mac Pro where, like the MacBooks, you have the options of 2-3 models each with 2-3 configuration upgrades which cover the pricing and processing needs from a basic Mac Mini to today’s Mac Pro supercomputer capabilities. I’m not convinced the Mini will survive this round of upgrades, but I do believe there’s a good niche for a basic desktop/server, and if it’s part of a consolidated product line (“meet the Apple Desktop!”) that’ll minimize investments in the product line because it can be shared across the configurations. Lets Talk Dongles People are having a field day talking about dongles and escape keys. Which is a bit like buying a new BMW and complaining about the color. The reality is, most might need a dongle or two but many people won’t need any. I bought three, mostly because I like keeping them in my travel bag for when I’m out and about, and in reality, 90% of their usage is by co-workers who forget to bring theirs to meetings, not by me. But hey, someone needs to think ahead. As has been pointed out by many, the escape key is still there, it’s just not a separate physical key any more. And in all honestly, almost nobody will care about that after having used the new device for a month and gotten used to it, and for the couple of percent of you who will insist on remaining upset about this change, I’m sorry. But you can always use the VT-100 you have in your office when it bothers you too much. I know when I buy a new car, I invariably have some accessories I need to buy because the ones I had with the old one aren’t correct for the new one — winter chains are always replaced, it seems. So if I’m spending $25-$30K on a car, spending another $100 on chains isn’t a big deal. But watch the nerds complain about a $19 thing to customize their $2500 computer. My short answer: time for a bit of perspective, people. In my case, my solution to all of the port changes is pretty simple: I bought a USB-C dock for the desktop, and a small one for the travel bag. When the new laptop arrives, I’ll unplug the Thunderbolt dock, replace it with the USB dock, plug it into the new Laptop, plug my Thunderbolt drive into the laptop with a dongle, and plug my existing USB hub into the new dock. Done. It really doesn’t seem that complicated or expensive. And in fact, USB-C docks are half the price of thunderbolt docks. Which makes them almost a no-brainer option for people using these new laptops at their workspace. So I’m going from two cables into the laptop (power and thunderbolt for the dock) to two cables into the laptop (USB-C/power and Thunderbolt). Lets Talk Niche When I wrote about this over the weekend, I was thinking and talking about niches a lot, and the more I think about it, the more I see this unhappiness as a battle to stay out of the niche — people want to be part of Apple’s mainstream, and where we see the biggest anger is groups of people who’s come to the realization that’s not true any more. The fact is, the Mac product line itself is becoming a niche product, because the days of the personal computer have started the shift back to where computers will be a hobby for the nerd and for the mainstream user, devices which use computers to enable tasks are starting to replace them: that includes tablets, but also gaming consoles and whatever it is that will ultimately take ownership of the living room. This is sad if you’re a computer nerd, but it means these technologies have gone mainstream and we have to remember most people aren’t interested for computers as computers, they are interested in solving problems, and use computers for doing that. And in many ways, a lot of the unhappiness I’m seeing about these new computers comes down to dealing with the realities of the Mac itself becoming a niche product to Apple, and of finding that your preferred use of the Mac is itself a niche within that niche, and one Apple may not see as central to the product itself any more. And that’s just reality; all the whining and moaning aren’t going to undo the market forces driving this. Apple is reacting to changes, not pushing them. But let’s talk about niches within niches for a minute. Lots of the complaints about dongles boil down to two things: they’re ugly (which is true) and they are features that should be built into the product. I can’t fix the first one, but to those arguing that Apple is just soaking users by forcing them to buy dongles, adding $40 to a $2500 product simply isn’t financially significant. And if you think about it, if Apple did see these are lucrative products instead of functional accessories, they’d make them a lot prettier. But the bigger issue around dongles is that niche thing again. These are accessories that allow specific customizations to the device that some people will want, but which most people won’t need. If you think about it, perhaps the biggest change from my older, 2013 laptop is that it’s gone from having seven (yes, that many) ports, each with a specific purpose to having four points, each customizable by a cable to dongle to solve the problem you have. My laptop has a power port, an SD card port, 3 Thunderbolt ports and two USB ports. I know that in the four years I’ve owned it, I’ve never used the SD card, I use the Power port, one Thunderbolt port, and occasionally plug a USB cable in. So half the ports in this thing are never used — and yet I paid for them because they were built into the computer. That’s the issue that defines dongles: Should 100% of buyers pay for a feature when only 5% of the owners will use it? Or 10%? How many users will need a feature before you think it ought to be required for everyone to buy it as part of the device? Where do you draw that line? One thing I’ve been pondering this weekend, but I couldn’t find any data on it: if Apple had to make a choice between including that SD card or including a VGA connector, which one should Apple do? Because I’d be willing to take a bet that more people use a VGA dongle twice a month than use that SD card twice a month on their existing machines. But the nice thing is that the ports on the new computer give you the options to have the capabilities you need, not the capabilities Apple thinks someone might need. And if you really think the dongles are ugly, I’m sorry — but there are also non-Apple options that are often cheaper, too. But dongles are very much a feature, not a bug. And four general purpose ports is, to me, a big upgrade over seven specialty ports. We need to remember that if they add all of those ports to the computer, you’re paying for them, whether or not you use them. And they all take power, they add complexity, and increase the chance of failure for the device as a whole. And it’ll end up looking like this. Lets Talk RAM There’s been a lot of criticism about the limit to 16Gb in these machines. As people have dug into it, it looks like this is another bundle of joy Intel has left on Apple’s porch for Apple to do the best it can with. One of the best looks at it is Rene at iMore: Why not throw power efficiency out the window and make a 15-inch MacBook Pro variant for video pros that can support the big, hot, and hungry workarounds needed to get 32 GB or more into a notebook, the way they made a 13-inch variant without a Touch Bar and with only two Thunderbolt 3 ports? Take a step back and think about this product: let’s say Apple releases a MacBook Pro, probably 15” with a special configuration for power users: you can build it out to 32Gb (probably comes in 16 and 32Gb only), has a beefier CPU/GPU — and gets 2-3 hours of battery life. So effectively, they’re reinventing the portable office machine, not a laptop. Stop and think about how the internet would react to this product. Now, start muting all the yelling, and ask yourself: If you had a choice between this product, or buying the existing MacBook Pro with good battery life but some struggles with 4K video processing (which seems to be the space where this memory is going to hurt a bit), I’d go with the smaller RAM on the existing laptop. I expect all but the most hard-core video nerds would, too. So, think about niches and market sizes: If only about 10% (SWAG(1) numbers) of MacBook Pro users are likely to have memory issues at 16Gb and then only for specific tasks like 4K video rendering, and if only 40% of those users would consider buying this memory enhanced special product (at a premium), is it worth Apple doing? I’m thinking not. At the same time, I’m not saying there’s no issue here: it bothers me that users have no viable options here at all right now, but Apple can’t solve a problem Intel’s left no solution for. I do think/hope that an updated kick-butt Mini after the first of the year could be one way through this for most of the users impacted by the memory, but we won’t know for a while, and the uncertainty is bad news for the user base. Missing the forest for the trees [Update: I grabbed the wrong CPU benchmark; my bad. Updated this to the corrected info — it’s not doubled, it’s roughly the same as my current Laptop, but since I’m going from the top end 15″ model to a 13″ model, that’s really what I was expecting in the first place — chuq] Among the noise being made about this upgrade by people complaining these new laptops bring nothing for them to the table are a bunch of basic enhancements being ignored: when I looked up raw benchmarks on my existing 2013 unit and the one I bought, I found the CPU benchmark doubled and the GPU benchmark was about the same. On top of that, a bigger, faster SSD and faster RAM mean this machine should be a lot faster and more capable. Also in the long run, USB C is a performance win, and so is Thunderbolt 3. For Photographers, the new wide color monitor looks to be a massive upgrade. This machine is a much better machine in many ways, which is being ignored in the discussions about all of the other features in the device. Lets Talk Bottom Line I think these computers are taking some valid criticism, but much of that criticism is ignoring a lot of the positives that these new computers have, including nice improvements in CPU and GPU speed and faster RAM, all indicating nice bumps in overall performance. But having said that, the fact that so much of the Mac product line is such a cluster and Apple didn’t acknowledge that makes the criticism understandable and deserved. What we got from Apple was good; what we needed from Apple was that and more — and it didn’t happen. This was all Apple being Apple, but this time, because of the issues in the product line, it wasn’t enough. I’m disappointed Apple said nothing about desktops this event, but not surprised. Personally, I was hoping to get a nice desktop and a MacBook, but since there’s no new desktop to buy, I’m picking up the MacBook pro and so I lose my chance to give Apple even more money during this round of upgrades. I’m really looking forward to getting my hands on this new laptop and seeing how it performs. I’m hopeful the new Touch Bar will be a tool and not a toy, but time will tell on that. And I’m really, really hoping that early in 2017 Apple unless the new iMac, the new MacPro line, and that all of this will finally be behind us; unfortunately, this product line cluster has run on about a year longer than I’m happy with — in many ways, we can blame Intel for the cause, but Apple takes it’s part of blame for poor communication on all of this. But if there’s one truth I can predict moving forward, no matter what Apple does, there will be people criticizing it. That’s just life in the Apple ecosystem. Notes: (1) SWAG: Silly Wild Ass Guess, although my percentages of users affected by the memory limitation is based around talks I’ve had this last few days trying to scope out the impact of this. It’s pretty… Niche. Share this: Tweet Email This entry was posted in Apple Inc. « Thoughts on the new MacBook Pros and Apple’s announcements. Apple’s marketing on one slide. » Subscribe (or else) I’m looking for my next job. I'm looking at the end of my sabbatical and starting to search for my next job. Could you use someone like me? Do you know someone who could? Take a look at Getting Back to Work for the details and help me find my next role. (THANKS!) Keep In Touch View chuqui’s profile on Facebook View chuq’s profile on Twitter View chuq_vr’s profile on Instagram View chuqui’s profile on LinkedIn More to explore Some Thoughts on Lightroom Keywords What's in my Camera Bag Good Enough Defeats Great First Impressions of the Fuji X-T2 Free Desktop Wallpapers Hate your battery charger? Switch to USB Organizing and Backing up your data for the Digital Photographer A Sample Community Manager Job Description 2015 in Review: My Favorite Images Topic Categories About Chuq App Development and Platforms Apple Inc Birding Bird Photography Blogging Business Community Management Health and Fitness Hockey Humor Merced Wildlife Refuge music Of Interest Photography Referees Reviews San Jose Sharks Science Fiction/Fantasy Silicon Valley - San Francisco Bay Area Social Media Wildlife Refuge Yosemite National Park Follow me on Twitter at @chuq Tweets by @chuq Recent Posts Resets New wallpapers — free to use on your desktop Radio Road Ponds, September 11 Some updates and appearances Apple’s marketing on one slide. Links Blog Photography Popular Writing Gear Bags About Chuq Social Media Privacy Policy Terms of Services All content is Copyright © 2016 by Chuq Von Rospach. These images are not public domain. Please contact us if you are interested in licensing an image for use. Commercial use is prohibited without explicit permission. Affiliate links: Some of our links will send you to Amazon or some other affiliate site. Using these links to buy something will cost you nothing and toss a few dollars to us to help support creating new content for this site, but it's completely up to you. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Is that a PC on your desk? Windows hybrids, Macs and iPads struggle for share As the lines between tablets and laptops continue to blur, it gets harder to tell what's a PC and what isn't. Even the two biggest research firms can't agree. No wonder the rest of us are confused. By Ed Bott for The Ed Bott Report | November 1, 2016 -- 11:43 GMT (04:43 PDT) | Topic: PCs No one can agree on the definition of a PC. Does anyone even know what a PC is anymore? That's not an idle question. Unfortunately, it's a reflection of the confusion among analysts covering this space today. research Tech Budgets 2017: A CXO's Guide See where organizations are spending their tech budgets in 2017 and what their top priorities are. Read More I've just reviewed four years' worth of data from IDC and Gartner, the two big research companies that release regular reports tracking the state of the PC market. IDC publishes its results in its Worldwide Quarterly PC Tracker, while Gartner's data is part of its PC Quarterly Statistics Worldwide report. Full reports are a subscribers-only product, but both firms publish detailed press releases with each new publication. So, if you study both sets of data you'll get a good handle on the PC market, right? Spoiler: They can't even agree on the definition of a PC. See also: Surface Studio: A concept five years in the making | Surface Studio and MacBook Pro forge diverging paths to PC productivity | It's time to stop obsessing over PC sales | Chipmakers find new ways to go faster IDC's reports include this definition: "PCs include Desktops, Portables, Ultraslim Notebooks, Chromebooks, and Workstations and do not include handhelds, x86 Servers and Tablets (i.e. iPad, or Tablets with detachable keyboards running either Chrome, Windows or Android)." [Emphasis added] I've confirmed with IDC on multiple occasions that their PC reports do not count sales of Microsoft's Surface Pro and Surface Book, or HP's Spectre x360 and Elite x2, or any other portable Windows-based PCs with detachable keyboards. Meanwhile, Gartner's definition says: "Data includes desk-based PCs, notebook PCs and ultramobile premiums (such as Microsoft Surface), but not Chromebooks or iPads." [Emphasis added] IDC says a Chromebook is a PC but a Surface Book running Windows 10 isn't. Gartner counts the entire Surface line but leaves Chromebooks off the list. To make things even more confusing, Apple (alone among device makers) publishes detailed sales figures for both its iPad and Mac lines. And Tim Cook insists that "the iPad Pro is a replacement for a notebook or a desktop for many, many people." The result is this confusing chart, where I've captured quarterly data from IDC, Gartner, and Apple. To compensate for seasonal swings, I've added a trendline to each data series. (Note that for consistency's sake I've assigned Apple's sales numbers to calendar quarters and not to the company's fiscal quarters.) (c) 2016 Ed Bott/ZDNet Data from both research firms supports the conclusion that the traditional PC industry is in decline, with IDC's numbers apparently showing that the drop-off in sales is steeper than Gartner's data suggests. But hold on for a second. According to an IDC report published a few months ago, 8.6 percent of all tablets sold worldwide in 2015 were running Windows. That's 17.8 million devices, a total that probably includes several million Surface Pro 3, Surface Pro 4, and Surface Book models. (Alas, we have no way of knowing the exact number, because Microsoft doesn't share those details.) By contrast, Apple sold 20.4 million Macs of all configurations in 2015. The many faces of the modern PC (Gallery... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 14 NEXT PREV If you add those 17.8 million convertible and hybrid devices with detachable keyboards, all running Windows, back into IDC's annual total, the PC industry's decline no longer seems nearly as steep. IDC predicts that the number of Windows devices with detachable keyboard will increase to nearly 21 million in 2016 and that that segment, unlike more traditional PC form factors, will continue to grow over the next few years. Meanwhile, Apple's performance with its two PC-like product lines is decidedly mixed. The trendline on iPad sales is decidedly negative, even downright PC-like. On the other hand, the Mac division, despite selling products that have been widely criticized as out of date, has managed to keep selling more than 4 million Macs per quarter, with a slightly upward trendline. The average selling price of a Mac in the most recent quarter was $1,175, down about $30 from the same period last year. The average selling price of an iPad was $459, up about $25 year-over-year. Unfortunately, we have no corresponding figures from the hybrid category in Windows-based PCs, but I wouldn't be surprised to see an average selling price north of $1,000 in this category. After staring at the data for a few days, I've concluded that IDC's definition is hard to justify. The fact that a Surface Pro or an HP Elite x2 can be used as a tablet doesn't change their essential PC-ness; there's absolutely no doubt that these devices are extremely capable replacements for more tradition Windows laptop designs. And yes, I can also make the case for counting both a Chromebook and an iPad Pro as "PCs," based on their primary use case. On its product page, Apple shows the iPad Pro with a keyboard and with Microsoft Word and Excel running side by side. That's pretty PC-like, if you ask me. There's no question that the PC landscape is changing. Generic white-box PCs might still be popular in call centers, but those are legacy products at best. The real innovation and profit is coming in form factors that stretch the definition of what a PC is, without breaking it. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware Hhgregg Black Friday ad includes 12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro deal Mobility Office Depot/OfficeMax Black Friday ad features $119 Windows 2-in-1 tablet, $169 HP laptop PCs Best Buy Black Friday ad reveals $100 Windows laptop deal, $125 iPad Air 2, Pro savings Hardware Walmart Black Friday ad features $199 Apple iPad mini 2, $119 Chromebook deals × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / Apple will reduce new MacBook Pro prices in late 2017, apparently Apple will reduce new MacBook Pro prices in late 2017, apparently by Sean Keach 01 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Last week, Apple stunned the world with its ludicrously priced new MacBook Pro models. Is the tech giant already having a change of heart? Prominent Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, of KGI Securities, reckons Apple is planning to drop the price of new MacBook Pro models as soon as 2017. He said as much in a note to investors, which was obtained by specialist Apple blog 9to5mac. According to Kuo, Apple tends to overprice its MacBook products when they’re first released, and then gradually lowers the R.R.P. Apple announced a new generation of MacBook Pro laptops last Thursday, revealing a revamped design that features a customisable OLED Touch Bar that replaces the top row of function keys on the keyboard. But reception to the new notebooks has been mixed, with most of the discord being directed at the pricing. There are three new models, with prices ranging from £1,449 right up to £2,699, which potentially prices out a huge swath of consumers. Related: MacBook Pro 2016 vs Surface Book i7 However, Kuo says we’ll likely see a drop in the price of the MacBook Pro (2016) variants in the second half of next year. He also believes we’ll see refreshed versions of the MacBook Pro that feature 32GB of RAM around the same time. However, he caveats this by saying that the timeline is dependent on the release of Intel’s upcoming Cannonlake processors. Intel’s Cannonlake CPU is expected to consume significantly less power than its predecessors, Skylake and Kaby Lake. This power saving could then be utilised to increase the amount of RAM. After all, Apple exec Phil Schiller recently revealed that Apple didn’t include 32GB of RAM on the new MacBook Pro models specifically because of power consumption issues. Unfortunately, we can’t say anything for certain about Apple’s pricing strategy for the future. It’s worth remembering that while Kuo has an impressive track record, he is only an analyst, and so his predictions aren’t official word on the matter. Take these claims with due caution; there may be no price reduction after all. We’ve asked Apple for comment on Kuo’s predictions and we’ll update this article with any response. Related: iPhone 8 news Watch: MacBook Pro 2016 What do you think of Apple's new MacBook Pro (2016) pricing? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple 13.3" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display 8GB Memory - 128GB Storage MF839LL/A $1,029.99 View Item Apple 15.4" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display & Force Touch Trackpad MJLQ2LL/A $1,599.99 View Item MacBook Pro (Retina, 13-inch, Early 2015) 2.9 GHz Intel Core i5 9 bids $910.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Steve Jalsevac November 7, 2016, 9:05 pm Way over-priced. If one mostly uses their laptop via a docking setup, the new ITouch keyboard and new ITouchpad are useless, except when I am on the road and away from my large Apple Thunderbolt monitor and Apple Bluetooth keyboard and touchpad. I and many other professionals absolutely must use a large Monitor and a docking setup. There are far too many applications and open windows for me to use just the too small laptop screen and on board keyboard, etc. The lack of 32 GB ram is astonishing. There is so much wrong with this new MacBook Pro that one has to wonder if Apple has become damagingly side-tracked too much in developing their new headquarters palace and their deep involvement in politics and social change efforts - instead of focusing on their core job - development of the world's very best computer and other hardware and software. It is unsettling to see them having allowed themselves to fall behind other producers who are well ahead of Apple in a number of key areas. Even Siri is now likely the least effective speech command utility among the big players. At least I have become very disappointed with the poor results I have even getting every time I give it a bit more of a challenge than the most basic commands or sentences. The fanatical obsession by Apple on thinness is hard to comprehend, especially given all that had to be eliminated to achieve what most of us don't at all care about. I have been perfectly fine with the thickness of my current Macbook Pro bought 4 years ago. A thinner laptop would have been very last on a Wishlist for an upgrade. Who the heck is making such a huge deal about that for these high end professional level laptops? Bonnie Bao November 7, 2016, 11:54 pm I'm really disappointed in apple yes they added many new features but they've removed there best ones. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search MacBook Pro price cut and hardware upgrade coming next year tips analyst Shane McGlaun - Nov 1, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit It’s only been a few days since the new MacBook Pro notebooks were unveiled. If you want to know what we thought about the 13-inch MacBook Pro, check out our review of the notebook. It’s hardly time for more upgrades, but analyst King-Chi Kuo from KGI Securities is already looking at what Apple has in store for next year’s models. According to Kuo Apple will both upgrade hardware on the next version and cut prices. Kuo notes that Apple tends to price its MacBooks higher when a new generation launches and then reduce prices down the road the following year. The analyst expects to see price drops for the MacBook line during the second half of 2017. Kuo thinks that as the USB-C market matures and as the Touch Bar matures people will be more likely to upgrade. Hardware upgrades are going to include 32GB of RAM in the second half of 2017 according to Kuo, but that depends on if Intel launches the Canonlake processors in time. Kuo goes on to note that the Canonlake CPU with LPDDR4 RAM slurps 15-25% less power than current CPUs and will allow that power savings to be allocated to more RAM. If these new Intel processors launch later than expected, Kuo expects to see Apple move to Coffee Lake processors using LPDDR3 RAM with the most RAM offered being 16GB due to power constraints. This fits in with Apple’s Phil Schiller stating that Apple didn’t offer a 32GB RAM offering on the new MacBook Pro because of power consumption. SOURCE: 9to5mac Tags AppleIntelmacbook pro Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple will reportedly drop the price of its new MacBook next year James Cook Nov. 1, 2016, 7:18 AM 13,080 facebook linkedin twitter email print A guest points to a new MacBook Pro during an Apple media event in Cupertino, California, U.S. October 27, 2016.REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach Apple is reportedly planning to drop the price of its new MacBook Pro next year and the company may also expand the line-up to support 32GB of RAM, according to 9to5Mac. The publication is reporting on a note published by reliable Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities. He says that Apple will reduce the price of the new devices next year. The timescale for the price drop isn't yet confirmed, but Kuo is predicting that a refreshed lineup of new MacBook Pros will come in the second half of 2017. There's a chance that the upgraded MacBook Pros would ship with support for 32GB of RAM. Right now the devices only have a maximum of 16GB of RAM, which Apple says is due to battery life concerns. But Kuo says that future models could support 32GB of RAM if Intel ships its new Kaby Lake processors in time. Their power consumption is more efficient, which should allow Apple to bump up the maximum amount of RAM that its new MacBook Pros can support. NOW WATCH: How the ‘perfect body’ for men has changed over the last 150 years Loading video... More: Apple MacBook Pro facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple will reportedly drop the price of its new MacBook next year Apple will reportedly drop the price of its new MacBook next year Apple is reportedly planning to drop the price... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Gadgets What will be the next iPhone display? And what else at CES 2016 Saimin (Blog) - November 1, 2016 5:35 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail This was everyone’s question, but now almost certain Apple will use OLED display on iPhones. Even though not yet officially publicized, or reported. Sharp’s president TaiJeng-wu announced that a Cupertino based technology company would use and OLED panel in upcoming iPhone handsets. According to  Nikkei Asian review. Jeng-wu made the statement while addressing students at his alma mater, Tatung University, where he was awarded with an honorary doctorate degree. Said Tai, “The iPhone has been under development, and now switching from LTPS (low–temperature poly-silicon) to OLED panels.”   It is not clear just when this new iPhone with OLED will hit the market, what will be the advantages and disadvantages will be until we get it from the company.  At this point, it is just an assumption that OLED will be on Apple’s new iPhone product.  (All the pictures are imaginary ones. Nothing is available yet at list for us).          Again is it going to be an innovation or long-lasting trouble? Jeng-wu was appointed to this position in August where he was an executive at the company’s new parent company Foxconn, which is the biggest contract manufacturer of Apple devices and worldwide. He also claims that Sharp will be only one that will supply OLED panels to Apple. This product has already is been used by Apple competitors for years.  As Apple’s iPhone, and iPad are known for best technology in the market, Apple was not in hurry to use the new technology.   There are rumors that the iPhone 8 productions will take place in Israel.  The Company claims that the OLED display can be easily rolled up like paper. The Korean giant LG will have a 30-R 18- inch rollup concept at the CES 2016 show.  OLED panel comes with HD – 1200x810 pixels. In the past every other smartphone or phone company talked about wireless charging but Apple stood by their interest on cables. That may change in the near future.  There are rumors that iPhone 8 will be shipped with wireless charging, if Apple could revolve the technology working for it.  A source, told Nikkei that Foxconn, Apple’s manufacturing partner has already started testing the wireless charging modules for possibly including on some of the next year iPhone versions. Apple changed headphone on to wireless by killing 3.5 mm jack port in the iPhone7, it could remove the charger port also on iPhone 8 that is going to be completely a first wireless smartphone.     The customer expectation from the iPhone 8 will be, waterproof, strong and more sturdy.   If you could, be sure to attend the CES convention because there will be lots of new products from LG as well. "I want people to see my movies in the best formats possible. For [Paramount] to deny people who have Blu-ray sucks!" -- Movie Director Michael Bay Related Articles What? iPhone 8 is next year? But we just got iPhone 7 though. September 29, 2016, 4:03 AM Latest Headlines Black Friday is Ahead. What do You Have in Mind? November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Do You Know What Products Apple Made Decades Ago? November 4, 2016, 5:30 AM What will be the next iPhone display? And what else at CES 2016 November 1, 2016, 5:35 AM What do you know about Google Pixel XL? October 30, 2016, 2:03 AM Hidden Features of the Google Phone October 27, 2016, 5:05 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesUTHealth Clinical Trial Shows Progress Using Stem Cells to Treat Traumatic Brain Injury November 8, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Ergonomic Mice: 3M vs J-Tech November 8, 2016, 6:00 AM Uber Partners with Circulation to Pilot Program Connecting Transportation and Digital Health Care November 6, 2016, 5:00 AM Ultimate GPUs - 3 Under $300.00 November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM Latest Blog Posts Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM What Would You Do for A Free iPhone7? Elroy Bethell - Oct 30, 2016, 1:00 AM Airline Flight Catches Fire Saimin Nidarson - Oct 29, 2016, 1:17 AM From Time to Time, The Unbelievable and Unimaginable Happens!!!! Saimin Nidarson - Oct 28, 2016, 4:56 AM Key EpiPen Competitor Out in 2017 At ' Very Low' Cost Saimin Nidarson - Oct 27, 2016, 5:30 AM Researchers use CRISPR to Accelerate Search for HIV Cure Saimin Nidarson - Oct 26, 2016, 5:00 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AAPL BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Apple Inc.’s Apple Watch Sales Are a Mess (AAPL) Smartwatch sales in general are down more than 50%, but the Apple Watch took a bigger hit than most By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 25, 2016, 9:52 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: The Next Thing Apple Inc. (AAPL) Will Kill Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New MacBook Pro Is Actually a Monster Hit Recent Posts: The Next Thing Apple Inc. (AAPL) Will Kill Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New MacBook Pro Is Actually a Monster Hit View All Posts Market research firm IDC just released smartwatch sales numbers for the third quarter, and there’s plenty of bad news for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and its Apple Watch. Source: Apple The latest numbers show that the smartwatch industry as a whole is suffering steep declines. But AAPL is among the hardest-hit companies; sales of the Apple Watch plunged over 70% year-over-year. The question now is: Can Apple recover? Smartwatch Sales Take a Dive It was never clear whether there was actually widespread consumer demand for smartwatches. The whole category began to take off after Pebble launched its record-setting Kickstarter campaign in 2012. However, to put things in perspective, that campaign raised $10 million-plus and saw nearly 69,000 backers. In the grand scheme of things, those are minuscule numbers. Great for a startup like Pebble, but in retrospect maybe not an indicator that consumers in general were ready to embrace the new product category. Add in the challenge of fitness tracker companies that refuse to give up. Fitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT) was squarely in the crosshairs of the Apple Watch. Instead of rolling over, Fitbit released a new generation of trackers, some of which incorporate key smartwatch functionality. Namely, notifications. With consumers more interesting in tracking their health and fitness than paying a considerable premium to run apps on their wrist, Fitbit’s sales have defied predictions and continued to grow. Meanwhile, the smartwatch market is tanking. IDC’s numbers for the third quarter show smartwatch sales down by 51.6% compared to last year. Pebble — the early pioneer — saw its sales drop 54% to only 100,000 units. What’s particularly telling about that number is that it still allowed Pebble to place in the top five worldwide … AAPL took a beating with its sales off by 71.6%, a miserable performance only topped(?) by Lenovo (OTCMKTS:LNVGY), which dropped by a whopping 73.3% compared to last year. The two bright spots in the smartwatch market were Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) and Samsung (OTCMKTS:SSNLF). Garmin has managed to position itself as the smartwatch maker of choice for runners, leveraging that strategy to a huge 324.2% sales growth and second place in the smartwatch market. Third place Samsung saw 9% growth. Can Apple Watch Sales Recover? The big question is whether these poor sales results indicate the air has come out of the smartwatch market altogether, or if they’re more cyclical. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/apple-inc-s-apple-watch-sales-mess-aapl/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 4 Biotechs to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 4 Biotech Stocks to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ The Big Upgrade: How to make Three plus O2 equal one network Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student World’s first prof of crystal engineering at new Limerick hub Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ China research team smashes quantum cryptography record New morphing aeroplane wing is covered by scale-like skin How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Have we reached peak sharing economy? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin An AOL internship: More than just coffee and hackathons ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas Huawei Mate 9 enters the fray as the Note7 smoke settles You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time Interactive map shows over 35,000 fishing vessels at work on the world’s oceans ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Has the train already left the station for the west’s digital dreams? by John Kennedy 1 Nov 201693 Shares Athenry train station. Image: Rihardzz/Shutterstock Apple’s €850m data centre in Athenry – the biggest digital investment project west of the Shannon – is being held up in court. But what is really on trial is Ireland’s arcane legal and planning process, writes John Kennedy. “I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it”– a phrase by Evelyn Beatrice Hall from her biography of Voltaire, a French Enlightenment writer famous for his wit and his attacks on the establishment, and a phrase often incorrectly attributed to Voltaire himself. This quote came to mind as I read in The Irish Times at the weekend of the stoical mindset of Athenry natives who, initially overjoyed that a company as big as Apple would grace their community with a massive data centre powered entirely by renewable energy, were now accepting that the project may be in tatters. At present, they are just hoping for the best. ‘Ireland shouldn’t try to just be the best place in the world to do business, it should strive to be the most efficient and environmentally friendly place to do business’ The project, announced in February 2015 alongside a similar data centre in Denmark, would be a hub for all of Apple’s iCloud and iTunes activities, putting Athenry on the global digital map. It would be the ultimate jewel in the crown for digital industries west of the Shannon. The construction of the data centre would generate 300 new jobs in the community and the flow of senior Apple personnel to Athenry would bring much-needed business to the town. Apple is planning to build up to eight data centres on a 500-acre wooded site (owned by state agency Coillte) outside Athenry, which would be invisible from any roadway. It was in August, 18 months after the project was announced, that An Bord Pleanála gave it the green light. It was initially resisted by 20 local objectors on the grounds of fears for local wildlife, flooding and other environmental issues. Even the impact on local bats came into it. But now, three objectors – two local and one with an address in Wicklow – have received permission to seek a full judicial review of the Apple decision by An Bord Pleanála. A High Court case will take place on 8 November – the same day that America gets to choose its next president – and the whole thing could be trotted out for a further 18 months. By comparison, the Apple data centre in Denmark is already half built and will be fully operational by the time its sister in Athenry may turn its first sod. The natives, like Voltaire, charitably respect the right of people to have an opinion. But I can sense their angst. Low lie the dreams of Athenry Athenry, to most Irish people, is a poignant place due to its eponymous role in a song belted out by Irish fans at football and rugby matches. Athenry, as well as many western towns like it, was especially poignant following the economic crash of 2008, as white elephant property projects from housing developments to hotels and shopping centres swiftly became hollow facades. Young people who would have bolstered the numbers of local football teams are still in Australia or Canada, realising that the lives they have there are still better, no matter what talk of a recovery being underway reaches their ears. It is ironic to think that it was only eight years ago that we were grappling with oversupply of homes, and yet now cities like Dublin and Cork are blighted by housing shortages and homelessness. Driving west on any wintry afternoon in the aftermath of the crash was a sombre affair, as I recalled shuttered shops on once-bustling market streets and boarded up housing developments. A wrong turn in Dingle one evening in 2010 took me past the mournful sight of an entire housing estate shrouded in darkness, as an Atlantic gale swept the area. Not a light was to be seen. It felt eerie, silent, ominous and sad. When the news of the investment by Apple reached the people of Athenry in 2015, I can only guess at their reaction to the good news. A kind of deliverance. It is understood that Athenry ticked all the boxes and met all the criteria in terms of abundant space, with privacy from prying eyes and connectivity to vital transatlantic fibre networks. But what ultimately swung it was the existence of a hotel in the town, The Raheen Woods, which was built during the property boom and stubbornly clung on by just a wing and a prayer. Visiting Apple executives would require a decent hotel in the vicinity and that ticked the last box. But now the chances of revitalising the local economy, creating local employment and adding yet another jewel to Ireland’s digital crown are endangered. Because of the recent objections to the project, it now risks being cancelled. Apple tries to fast-track legal proceedings Apple is no slouch. It has asked the High Court to fast-track the legal challenge to avoid the 18-month delay, requesting that the case be moved to the commercial list of the High Court. It is possible that this would reduce the time frame down to six months. Like Voltaire supposedly said, nobody is denying anyone the right to an opinion or the right to protest. It is only right that those views are given a chance to be heard. In fact, I doubt Apple would want to be associated with a process where the views and concerns of people were dismissed or trampled upon. What is really on trial here, I suspect, is due process and the lengthy time frames given on issues like planning permission. Galway is a veritable digital county with a heritage in technology that is just as vibrant as its capital city’s thriving arts scene. Companies like Connaught Electronics were forerunners for the internet of things (IoT) revolution; making telematics and sensors and other key technologies for the automotives industry long before marketing executives decided to make IoT the next cloud computing. Companies like Nortel (now Avaya) have been in Galway for over 40 years and some of my favourite start-ups in Ireland are based in and around Galway. The city and its hinterland also boast an amazing medtech manufacturing scene, led by former employees of Digital in Galway who discovered a dormant entrepreneurial zeal and genius when their company left the city in 1993. The Apple project would be a signpost for more companies to locate there. Not only that, but Apple has a target of being a 100pc renewable energy company and over 90pc of its offices and Apple Stores are powered by wind and solar energy. For example, entire blocks of buildings in Singapore have solar panels on their rooftops to gather power for Apple’s operations in the city-state. It is not for us to judge those objectors; some of whom may have sincere and genuine concerns, while others may have vested business interests behind their reasons to object. But what is really on trial here is Ireland’s ability to move fast and enable vital capital projects to flourish in a world that moves at breakneck speed. It would be a shame for Ireland to put business interests ahead of ordinary people who object to something without giving them a fair hearing first. But it would equally be a shame for the servers in Apple’s data centres in Viborg, Denmark to whir into action before a single sod of turf has been turned on the site in Athenry. Ireland shouldn’t try to just be the best place in the world to do business, it should strive to be the most efficient and environmentally friendly place to do business. And I can’t help but suspect an opportunity is slipping from our grasp. Related: Opinion, Apple, legal, government & policy, data centres, Galway Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Business ‘Ireland must fight the Apple tax case, and it must fight to win’ 6 Sep 201637 Shares Hiring Now A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Be part of a globally successful team Work smarter, live better Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Enterprise Apple’s €850m Athenry data centre finally gets green light 12 Aug 2016391 Shares Companies A tale of two Europes: Ireland must get to core of Apple ruling 5 Sep 201665 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Business Taxing times for Ireland as EU takes a bite out of Apple 29 Aug 2016166 Shares Companies Irish Government cabinet agrees to appeal EU Apple ruling 2 Sep 201661 Shares Companies Vestager denies €13bn Apple tax ruling was political 1 Sep 201622 Shares Latest News Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 3 hours ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 3 hours ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 4 hours ago World’s first prof of crystal engineering at new Limerick hub 4 hours ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 7 hours ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 7 hours ago European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 9 hours ago Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure 9 hours ago The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 9 hours ago Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? 9 hours ago 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach 10 hours ago Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars 11 hours ago MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? 11 hours ago 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement 11 hours ago 5 cool Christmas gift ideas for children learning to code 11 hours ago Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal 12 hours ago Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections 12 hours ago Insulin pioneer Frederick Banting celebrated with Doodle 12 hours ago DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats 13 hours ago Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training 13 hours ago Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps 3 days ago The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook 3 days ago Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 3 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
walesonlineLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Wales News UK News World News Crime Politics Health Nostalgia Education Farming Motors News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Theatre Film ShoppingExpand Rugby Football Sport Latest Sport Rugby Football Cardiff City Swansea City Boxing Cricket Ice Hockey Other Sport Sport Opinion Fixtures & Results Fantasy FootballExpand Business TV News Fun Stuff Latest Business Business News Commercial Property Personal Finance Appointments Business Opinion FarmingExpand Homes Food & Drink Quizzes In Your Area North Wales Mid Wales South-East Wales South-West Wales Cardiff Swansea See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Travel Dating Book an Ad BuySell Photos Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Download our e-editions Letters To The Editor Echo Home Delivery Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Media Wales Ltd Home Business Business News Apple Business This is everything one Welsh startup learned about launching an app It is far from a simple process  Share ByChris Pyke 11:08, 1 NOV 2016 Updated11:08, 1 NOV 2016 Business Cardiff-based freelance designer Dave Legion, 34, developed the TAXO’D app, a tax accounting tool for freelancers  Share Get business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email There are more than two million apps on Apple’s App Store, and since the service launched eight years ago it has seen more than 100 billion cumulative downloads. But getting an app through Apple’s strict approval process is notoriously tough, and hundred of thousands have failed to make the grade. Cardiff-based freelance designer Dave Legion, 34, has been developing his app TAXO’D, a tax accounting tool for freelancers, for the last four years. TAXO’D gives users a clear picture of their profit and loss as well as how much tax they owe. Users record their transactions as they go, and the app calculates a real-time tax bill then files their tax return. Although he thought he had tested TAXO’D thoroughly, when it came to uploading it to the App Store earlier this year, Mr Legion found the process was much more complicated than he expected. So, if you’re thinking of launching your own app, here are some of the lessons Mr Legion learned about the process. Read More App that can tell you how much tax you owe with the push of a button Expect the unexpected "You expect a certain amount of growing pains with new technology, but we would test the app, find an issue, fix it and in doing so break something else," said Mr Legion. "There was nothing big, it was just lots of little things, and not necessarily things we could have predicted. "Once all you’re happy as can be with the testing, you can submit to the App Store, which presents it’s own set of issues. Apple set an extremely high standard for anything they offer for download. So be prepared to do your research before submitting anything or the chances of your app being accepted first time are slim." Don’t over promise "We kept telling our customers that TAXO’D would be coming out soon and we truly believed it would be,” said Dave. "Some people had been patiently waiting for more than a year for the app because we had created a demand. We soon learned that we couldn’t predict what hurdles we’d run into, or how long they’d take to fix. In hindsight, we shouldn’t have given any dates about launch until we were 100 per cent certain of them. We probably got carried away with the excitement of what TAXO’D could do for freelancers. We’ve learned from that and hopefully other businesses can do the same." Read More These are the companies shortlisted for the Wales Start-Up Awards Turn negatives into positives "There was never a time where we were sitting back and waiting around,” said Dave. “We were constantly thinking about what customers might want and how we could improve the user experience. There are plenty of tools out there that help with that. "The more thought you can give to your customers and their experience of your product the more you can save a lot of unnecessary pain." Ignore the ‘startup buzz’ and focus on the product "There’s a lot of panic in the tech startup world,” said Dave. “Some startups think they are a failure if they don’t get immediate success. "There’s a lot of noise out there and it’s hard to drown it out and focus on what’s most important. If you truly believe in your product then your focus should be on delivering the best product you can, with the limited time and resource that you have, not try to release it quickly just because some zillionaire CEO said so. Everyone’s circumstance is different. "In fact we didn’t even think of it as developing an app but a creative tool that people can use to solve a problem. "On a positive note, TAXO’D is ultimately better for the delays as our developers were able to integrate features at launch and build in the suppport that were originally planned for much further down the line. "Now that TAXO’D is live, we’re already hearing it’s making life easier for our users. It might have taken longer than we wanted but TAXO’D is ultimately a better product for it." New users get a free 14 day trial then have a choice of paying £6 per month or £60 per year to use TAXO'D and file their tax return.  Share More On Apple Cardiff business all Most Read Most Recent Business NewsIs your M&S safe? A list of the stores that could be closed has been released Marks & Spence are shutting 80 outlets around the UK due to plunging half-year profits Employment12 unusual, engaging and unconventional jobs you can apply for right now From Chip Alley fish shop to an Elf at a Christmas Kingdom, a gardener to gallery manager Cardiff CouncilScheme for 100 apartments close to Cardiff city centre gets approval The Brickworks apartment led scheme at Trade Street is scheduled for completion in autumn 2018 Cardiff UniversityFirst pictures of Cardiff University's hi-tech £300m planned innovation campus The designs have been approved by city planners Marks & SpencerMarks & Spencer is closing 60 clothing and home stores after seeing profits fall The retail giant will now focus on its food and plans to open 200 new Simply Food shops FarmingBadger culls must be carried out over wide areas and in time to stop them reinfecting cattle, vet tells AMs Dr Paton said that culling should be carried out in areas of at least 150 sq km, bounded by rivers or major roads Employment12 unusual, engaging and unconventional jobs you can apply for right now From Chip Alley fish shop to an Elf at a Christmas Kingdom, a gardener to gallery manager Business NewsA new hub for creative firms has been launched in Cardiff Meanwhile Creative has opened its first hub in Wales and plans to have a presence in every major UK city by 2019 Cardiff CouncilScheme for 100 apartments close to Cardiff city centre gets approval The Brickworks apartment led scheme at Trade Street is scheduled for completion in autumn 2018 Black FridayBargain hunting Christmas shoppers to splash out nearly £5bn in Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales Nearly one in 10 (9%) are planning to use the sales to buy most of their Christmas shopping Most Read Most Recent RhonddaBarbed wire stretched across bike path left cyclist having to pull it from around his throat The barbed wire was on a downhill part of the trail where riders usually pick up a lot of speed TwitterShocking footage appears to show people having sex in Cardiff nightclub The incident was filmed as dozens of shocked party-goers looked on in Cardiff's Revolution nightclub BarryFootage emerges showing shockingly violent attack on schoolgirl kicked and punched in head The video shows a schoolgirl being repeatedly hit as people look on Lions TourThe 15 men currently in pole position to form the British and Irish Lions Test side against New Zealand The Lions tour is moving closer and there's more hope about their prospects in the wake of Ireland having ended the world record 18-match winning streak of New Zealand with a sensational 40-29 success in Chicago Business NewsIs your M&S safe? A list of the stores that could be closed has been released Marks & Spence are shutting 80 outlets around the UK due to plunging half-year profits Leigh Halfpenny'I remember watching Keelan Giles play for Gorseinon minis, you could see he had something even then' Ospreys wing Giles learned his trade on the same fields as Leigh Halfpenny, who says he recalls watching him about 10 years ago CourtsMan admits killing elderly neighbour and attempting to murder young woman Andrew Seal, 49, pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility and attempted murder Russell SladeCharlton Athletic confirm departure of Russell Slade as former Bluebirds manager loses second job in six months Slade leaves the Addicks after an unhappy 21-game stint at The Valley Football NewsHow did Alfie Mawson do for England Under 21s? Swansea City defender given big test by Moussa Dembele Mawson made his international bow against France at Stade Robert Bobin CardiffEverything you need to know about the 'incredibly exciting' giant tidal lagoon planned for Cardiff The lagoon planned for Cardiff is nearly 10 times bigger than Swansea's Top Stories BarryFootage emerges showing shockingly violent attack on schoolgirl kicked and punched in head The video shows a schoolgirl being repeatedly hit as people look on TwitterShocking footage appears to show people having sex in Cardiff nightclub The incident was filmed as dozens of shocked party-goers looked on in Cardiff's Revolution nightclub Cardiff Crown CourtA teenager gave this harrowing statement after two men were convicted of murdering her dad Murder victim Mark Jones' daughter said she would "never be able to accept" his killing CourtsMan admits killing elderly neighbour and attempting to murder young woman Andrew Seal, 49, pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility and attempted murder RhonddaBarbed wire stretched across bike path left cyclist having to pull it from around his throat The barbed wire was on a downhill part of the trail where riders usually pick up a lot of speed Mark JonesTwo brothers have been jailed for life for shooting a man in a layby Brothers Edward and Stephen Bennett had denied the murder of Mark Jones Cardiff Crown CourtStalker who tried to kidnap woman and threatened to keep her as 'sex slave' is jailed Robin Gomes, 33, broke into the woman's home near Llandrindod Wells, in Powys, after meeting her online CardiffEverything you need to know about the 'incredibly exciting' giant tidal lagoon planned for Cardiff The lagoon planned for Cardiff is nearly 10 times bigger than Swansea's Gareth BennettA Ukip AM has invited Donald Trump to open his constituency office in Pontypridd Gareth Bennett said he has 'a few things in common' with the President elect CrimeFather dropped baby daughter on floor and fractured her skull after drinking 14 pints The man had been drinking all day before turning up at the house where his baby was sleeping M4Police have stopped a lorry full of suspected illegal immigrants at the M4 tolls Officers said the lorry contained 11 people, who have now been arrested, as well as a baby PoliticsPowers over water are being devolved that could enable Wales to prevent another Tryweryn The move has been described as 'historic' News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Download our e-editions Letters To The Editor Echo Home Delivery Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Media Wales Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
null
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Gadgets Here’s why Apple removed the iPhone Headphone Jack Elroy Bethell - November 1, 2016 5:00 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail So why did Apple remove the headphone jack from the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones? Theorists have come up with lots of ideas, but Apple had their own reasons. Since it first hit the market, the iPhone, just like all of Apple’s products, has gone through many changes and improvements. Some of those advancements were in the areas of size, weight, speed, processor, storage, camera, and antenna. The iPhone 7 came along with the most controversial change to date with the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack.     When this was first introduced to consumers, Apple’s Phil Schiller said they were moving Apple’s earpods over to the lightning cable because the lightning was oriningally designed to be “a great digital audio connector.” Schiller further noted that there are now over 900 millions lightning enabled devices in the world making the lightning port the largest digital audio connectioin in the world.  This opens up the market for a wide variety of lightning speakers and devices to take advantage of the port. Apple highlighted the JBL Reflex Aware Workout headphones as an example of headphones that could make good use of the lightning port. The Reflex Aware provides active noise cancellation and has an app that allows you to program the headphones directly over the lightning port.   Photo Source: Apple   The Need for Space There is a lot of tech packed into the iPhone 7 models.  As people want more and more, space is probably a constant design issue.  Every new physical tech needs a spot on the iPhone landscape. Removing the headphone jack allowed space for a barometric vent, which allows the barometer to work so the iPhone can sense altitude changes (like climbing a flight of stairs) without permitting water into the phone. The iPhone 7 is the first iPhone to have stereo speakers.  (one on the bottom and one on the top. These speakers are much larger and fully enclosed.   Photo Source: Apple   The new enclosures for Apple’s iPhone 7 and 7Plus have  water-tight seals all around the rim making the phone water and dust resistant to the  IP67 protection standard. Seals need space.   Photo Source: Apple   Apple replaced the old mechanical home button with the new Taptic Engine that is larger and takes up some of the space used by the 3.5mm headphone jack.   Photo Source: Apple       Lighting Connector 1.    Provides digital audio stream 2.    Provides power to headphones and speakers 3.    Provides content and music control 4.    Can send biometric data, language translation data, and other audio information back to phone.   3.5mm Headphone Jack 1.    The 3.5mm headphone jack is an outdated analog connection and is not capable of transferring as much data as the Lightning connection. 2.    The 3.5mm only sends information in one direction. (from phone to ears) 3.    Takes up space needed for more important tech   Apple provided a dongle that allows you to use your existing 3.5mm headphones with the new iPhone 7.  This dongle simply is an analog to digital connector the connects your iPhone 7 to your 3.5mm jack headphones. The Dongle will downgrade your experience to analog standards, but at least you can still use your old headphones in addition to the new ones.   "There's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance." -- Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer Latest Headlines Black Friday is Ahead. What do You Have in Mind? November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Do You Know What Products Apple Made Decades Ago? November 4, 2016, 5:30 AM What will be the next iPhone display? And what else at CES 2016 November 1, 2016, 5:35 AM What do you know about Google Pixel XL? October 30, 2016, 2:03 AM Hidden Features of the Google Phone October 27, 2016, 5:05 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesUTHealth Clinical Trial Shows Progress Using Stem Cells to Treat Traumatic Brain Injury November 8, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Ergonomic Mice: 3M vs J-Tech November 8, 2016, 6:00 AM Uber Partners with Circulation to Pilot Program Connecting Transportation and Digital Health Care November 6, 2016, 5:00 AM Ultimate GPUs - 3 Under $300.00 November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM Latest Blog Posts Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM What Would You Do for A Free iPhone7? Elroy Bethell - Oct 30, 2016, 1:00 AM Airline Flight Catches Fire Saimin Nidarson - Oct 29, 2016, 1:17 AM From Time to Time, The Unbelievable and Unimaginable Happens!!!! Saimin Nidarson - Oct 28, 2016, 4:56 AM Key EpiPen Competitor Out in 2017 At ' Very Low' Cost Saimin Nidarson - Oct 27, 2016, 5:30 AM Researchers use CRISPR to Accelerate Search for HIV Cure Saimin Nidarson - Oct 26, 2016, 5:00 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Facebook's AI director explained why some of the world's brightest minds might not want to work for Apple Sam Shead Nov. 1, 2016, 5:19 AM 10,904 facebook linkedin twitter email print Yann LeCun is the head of the Facebook Artificial Intelligence Research group.Twitter/Yann Lecun Apple is one of the most secretive technology companies in the world, with the Cupertino tech giant typically only providing public updates when it has a new product to announce. Part of this secrecy involves getting employees to sign strict contracts that forbid them from talking to their friends and family about certain aspects of their work, particularly research and development (R&D) activities. Unlike Facebook and Google, which let employees publish their academic breakthroughs in scientific journals and on blogs, Apple prevents its staff from talking about their research both online and offline. They're allowed to attend conferences but they don't give talks about what Apple is working on and they generally only disclose their employer when they're asked to. This approach could be hindering the company's ability to hire some of the world's smartest minds, based on what Facebook AI director Yann LeCun said last week. Describing how he gets the most talented software engineers in the world to come and work on Facebook's AI efforts, LeCun said: "Offering researchers the possibility of doing open research, which is publishing their work. "In fact, at FAIR [Facebook Artificial Intelligence Research], it’s not just a possibility, it’s a requirement," he said in London. "So, [when] you’re a researcher, you assume that you’re going to publish your work. It’s very important for a scientist because the currency of the career as a scientist is the intellectual impact. So you can’t tell people 'come work for us but you can’t tell people what you’re doing' because you basically ruin their career. That’s a big element." Apple's secrecy was cited by Bloomberg last October as something that's holding back the company's AI development efforts. "Apple is off the scale in terms of secrecy," Richard Zemel, a professor in the computer science department at the University of Toronto, told Bloomberg. "They’re completely out of the loop." Despite being a highly secretive company, Apple was still able to hire Carnegie Mellon University's (CMU) Russ Salakhutdinov, one of the world’s leading talents in AI, as director of AI research. Although Salakhutdinov works for Apple, he still holds his position at CMU. This suggests that Apple is willing to let some of its staff remain a part of the academic community, providing they don't talk about what they do for the iPhone maker.  Apple declined to comment. NOW WATCH: This Lego-style home can be built in a few weeks with just a screwdriver Loading video... More: Facebook Artificial Intelligence facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Facebook's AI director explained why some of the world's brightest minds might not want to work for Apple Facebook's AI director explained why some of the world's brightest minds might not want to work for Apple Apple is one of the most secretive technology... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Internet News / Apple Music could get a major price slash Apple Music could get a major price slash by Joe Roberts 01 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple could soon cut the price of its Apple Music streaming service by as much as 20% according to a new report. The Digital Music News report cites "a pair of sources working closely with the streaming service" as saying the company is considering the price drop which could see the individual membership decrease from £9.99/$9.99 to £7.99/$7.99. It would also mean the family membership, currently £14.99/$14.99, would drop to £12.99/$12.99, but the student deal, which allows students to sign up for £4.99/$4.99, will remain as it is. It should be said that the report refers only to US pricing, so it's unclear whether the price cut would be introduced in other countries. Related: Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Apple is said to be 'seriously discussing' the move, but no decisions have apparently been reached at this point, according to the sources. What's more, if the changes go ahead, the company could introduce the price drop in time for Christmas, starting with a 'holiday promotional discount'. This promotion would mean the current 'three months free' offer would see customers who sign up before the festive season getting the reduced rates by March or April. The sources also revealed that customers currently on the existing plans would not be paid any compensation for previous months, but would be transitioned to the new, lower rates if the discount becomes permanent. If the report is accurate, Apple seems to be trying to compete with Amazon, which recently launched its own music streaming service, allowing its Prime customers to sign up for $7.99, while regular customers have to pay $9.99. Prime customers also have access to a less comprehensive music library for free as part of their Prime subscription. Of course, Digital Music News' report remains unconfirmed for the time being, so take the news with a pinch of salt. We'll have more in the near future, so stay tuned. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Let us know what you make of the report in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple hikes MacBook price by up to Rs. 10000 in India Apple introduced 12-inch MacBook with metal body and fanless design last year for Rs. 99,900 (MRP) for the base version and Rs. 1,19,900 for the enhanced version. Earlier this year it upgraded it with new sixth-generation dual-core Intel Core M processor with Intel HD Graphics 515, faster flash storage and new Rose Gold color that is priced at Rs. 1,06,900 (MRP) for the base version and Rs. 1,29,900 (MRP) for the enhanced version. Now it has hiked the price of the MacBook silently. According to the Apple website, the base variant of the 12-inch MacBook now costs Rs. 1,12,900 (MRP), which has increased by Rs. 6000 and the upgraded version with faster 1.2 GHz dual-core Intel Core m5 processor and 512GB of flash storage costs Rs. 1,39,900 (MRP), which has seen a price hike of Rs. 10,000 in about 7 months after launch. Apple introduced New Macbook Pro models last week. These cost Rs. 1,55,900 (MRP) for the 13 inch version and goes up to Rs. 1,72,900 (MRP) for the upgraded version, while the 15 inch Macbook Pro will start at Rs. 2,05,900 (MRP) and go up to Rs. 2,41,900 for the upgraded version. The lower end version of the 13 inch Macbook Pro without Touch Bar is priced at Rs. 1,29,000. These are expected to go on sale in India in the coming weeks. Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen). You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on November 1, 2016Categories Apple, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Toyota develops Smart Key box that lets you start a car using a smartphone Next Next post: Gionee S6 Pro Review Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google Play Music revamped with fresh UI, smarter playlists Jio Experience Center Tour – JioFiber, SmartCar, SmartHome and more iPhone 8 could sport bezel-less design, OnePlus 3T teased and more – FoneArena Daily Ulefone Armor rugged smartphone with 4.7-inch display, 3GB RAM announced Fingerprint Gesture app brings some Pixel functions to Android devices Samsung Galaxy On8 review MobiKwik now allows money transfer to any bank account at 0% fee SwiftKey for Android gets incognito mode, new themes and more in latest update Samsung to acquire HARMAN for $8 billion to boost connected car tech InFocus Epic 1 Review CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion CUSTOMS AND BREXCISE Apple’s new MacBook Pro could cost Brits an extra £200 on TOP of extra ‘Brexit Tax’ Highly desirable iGadget comes with a number of hidden costs by NICK WHIGHAM 1st November 2016, 11:14 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments APPLE’S forthcoming MacBook Pro laptops could cost Brits hundreds of pounds if they decide to buy adaptors for its new connection ports. Anyone looking to use old gizmos with the device will have to buy just under £200 worth of “dongles” to use a laptop which is already costing British Mac fans up to £500 extra due to Brexit currency woes. Apple 5 The new MacBook Pro has lost its chime in the latest update to the device 5 The laptop’s Touch Bar can be used to easily select a range of emojis The new Macbooks have also been designed with a customisable OLED touch bar at the top of the keyboard, with hopes to make touchscreen displays obsolete. As part of its innovative approach, Apple removed all of its MacBook Pro legacy ports — except for the 3.5mm headphone jack.  This means there are no longer ports for USB 3, HDMI, SD Card or even Apple’s MagSafe connector, with the tech company opting for four USB Type-C ports. Not only does USB Type-C allow the laptop to be thinner, but it is set to become the a next-generation industry standard as it offers ultra-fast data transfer speeds, device charging and video output. This might prove Apple is forward thinking with the connection ports, but it is not so great for consumers who will need to buy a number of dongles to effectively use their new MacBook Pro. Apple launch the new retina desplay Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro 5 The new Macbook is thinner, lighter and more powerful than previous models Let’s just have a quick look at what would be required for the laptops. As the latest iPhone 7 charging cable is USB 3 to Lightning, a dongle will be needed so that you can charge Apple’s latest smartphone on its most recent MacBook Pro. With no HDMI port on the new laptops, another dongle will be required to hook your MacBook up to a television screen. A quick browse of the tech company’s online store shows a USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter capable of solving both of these problems. “The USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter lets you connect your MacBook with USB-C port or MacBook Pro with Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) ports to an HDMI display, while also connecting a standard USB device and a USB-C charging cable,” Apple wrote. So on top of the cost of the new laptop, consumers will have to pay another £69.00 for this luxury. 5 An adaptor to allow Apple fans to use their old gizmos with a new Macbook Now let’s assume you not only want to charge your iPhone and watch TV, but you are also an avid photographer. If you have grown accustomed to using the SD slot on your laptop to upload photos, you will need to purchase dongle number two — the SanDisk Extreme Pro SD UHS-II Card USB-C Reader. So how much will the ability to “quickly transfer high-resolution photos and videos” to your MacBook Pro cost? Just a sneaky £44.95. With USB 3, HDMI and SD out of the way, let’s assume the wireless internet you have isn’t the most dependable and you need an Ethernet connection. Apple’s website has a Belkin USB-C to Gigabit Ethernet Adaptor for sale, which will have you covered. Apple launch much anticipated brand new MacBook Pro with a ‘touch bar’ PA:Press Association 5 Tech giant ... Apple hiked the prices of its Mac products on the back of its latest MacBook launch “The Belkin USB-C to Gigabit Ethernet Adaptor allows you to connect to wired networks with speed and endurance where wireless connectivity is unreliable or inconsistent,” Apple wrote. Compared to the earlier adaptors, this is slightly cheaper at only £29.95. We’re not done yet, because if you like using other monitors you will need to purchase a Belkin USB-C to VGA Adaptor for £29.95 Oh, let’s not forget the Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) to Thunderbolt 2 Adaptor, which will be needed for all of your old Thunderbolt 2 devices such as external hard drives and Thunderbolt displays. Related Stories SHEER LUNAR-CY Will the supermoon drive you MAD? Scientists answer this ancient question DATA OVER DATING Facebook's Zuckerberg reveals the not-so-smooth chat-up line he used on his first date with his future wife BERLIN IS WATCHING Germany approves state-of-the-art new spy satellite ... and it could be turned on Britain CELEBRATED SCIENTIST Who was Frederick Banting? Man who discovered insulin celebrated with Google Doodle FRIEND REQUEST Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg calls for unity in heartfelt message after Donald Trump's US election victory WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE Amazon Music Unlimited offers voice-controlled access to 40 MILLION songs MOON-O-LITHIC Tonight's 'once in a generation' supermoon will be the biggest in almost 70 years TRUMP READY FOR TAKE OFF? What is Donald Trump's space plan for NASA? New President wants agency to search for alien life on Jupiter’s moon Europa IT WILL BE ASTRONOMICAL November 'mega supermoon' set to light up night sky in stunning celestial display OUT OF THIS WORLD When is the November Supermoon, why is this one special and where's the best place to watch it? BREAKING THE FOLD Samsung 'set to release tablet with FOLDABLE screen' after receiving patent for mind-bending design Time and space! What is a supermoon and when is the next one in 2016? This product will add another £49.00 to your shopping basket, taking the total of these luxuries to £192.90. By adding all of these to the cheapest 13-inch MacBook Pro — which doesn’t include the new Touch Bar — you’ll be looking at £1641.90. Last week, Apple suddenly hiked the prices of its Mac products by as much as 20 PER CENT. Tech like the the Mac Mini and iMac have shot up by hundreds of pounds after the release of the latest £1,500 MacBook. The company appeared to blame the price rise on Brexit-related currency woes and fears over EU trade. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 Topics Apple Brexit Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum is filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News Exclusive jackpot brute jailed Lottery winner throttled his wife and beat a child after claiming winning £70,000 would make 2016… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News BAG BABY Mum who abandoned baby on freezing doorstep in Tesco carrier bag is caught six years on by DNA evidence News 'don't be afraid' Trump says women might have to travel to other states for abortions, promises to deport 3m immigrants and… News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News BLOTTO WINNER Lotto millionaire flashes the £4,500 boobs she bought with her jackpot yet again... this time at her… News Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News WINTER STORM ALERT Britain to be battered by gales, snow and -11C freeze this week as Arctic blast ushers in winter News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News Graphic Warning 'GO ON, KILL HER!' Shocking moment schoolgirl bully kicks girl in the HEAD during sickening attack as other pupils laugh and… News Most Popular THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News Video HONEY'S FIX RAP Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Video Tough times Strictly Come Dancing's Danny Mac hints at personal heartache despite topping leader board TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News NUMBER'S UP Eastenders makes a MAJOR blunder as two characters have something very strange in common TV & Showbiz Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz Video A crying shame Holly and Phil tear up over desperate mother whose son has threatened to kill himself over bullying TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz 'WHAT'S HAPPENED TO HER?' I’m A Celebrity fans left stunned by Carol Vorderman’s fresh faced look TV & Showbiz devastating family secret I'm A Celebrity star Larry Lamb's secret agony over daughter he hasn't seen in 46 years TV & Showbiz Right Mess Lionel Messi 'rejects new contract with Barca after worries over tax fraud legal issues' Football It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Music/Rumor Music Apple Music set for 20% price cut, sources claim By Killian Bell | November 1, 2016 Part of: Apple Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple Music could be about to get considerably cheaper. According to a pair of sources who have “worked closely” with the service since its launch, Apple is currently considering a 20 percent price cut in an effort to attract more subscribers. Apple Music currently costs $9.99 a month for individuals, or $14.99 a month for families. If the 20 percent cut is implemented, the service could cost as little at $7.99 a month for one, and as little as $12.99 a month for up to six users. It’s thought the discount will not be applied to the student subscription, which is already just $4.99 a month. Digital Music News, which first reported the claims, notes that while “serious discussions” are ongoing within Apple, the price cut isn’t guaranteed yet. Should the company choose to go ahead with it, the cut could come as soon as December as part of a holiday promotion. What’s unclear at the moment is who will be eligible for the new prices. The report suggests that those who subscribe to Apple Music while the discount is live will continue to pay the reduced price going forward. Those on a three-month trial will also pay the lower price. However, existing subscribers who are already paying today’s prices may not be able to take advantage of the reduction unless it becomes permanent. And even if they are transitioned to the lower prices, there will be no refund for the months they’ve already paid. Apple wants to fight Amazon “Amazon appears to be the biggest motivation for the pricing discussions,” reports Digital Music News. “The reason, unsurprisingly, is that Amazon Music is pretty damn cheap compared to their competitors.” Amazon Music Unlimited is $9.99 a month just like Apple Music, however, Prime subscribers get it for just $7.99 a month. Amazon also offers an Echo-only subscription that costs a mere $3.99 a month, while Prime subscribers get basic Amazon Music totally free. Source Digital Music News Topics #Apple #Amazon #Amazon Music #Apple #Apple Music #price #Price Cut #subscription Apple Updates 218 Apple cuts storage upgrade prices for older Macs November 2 217 Apple Music set for 20% price cut, sources claim November 1 216 Entry-level 2016 MacBook Pro has replaceable storage October 31 215 Next-generation iPhone will have OLED display, Sharp confirms October 31 214 Apple expected to ditch traditional USB and MagSafe for new MacBook Pro October 18 213 Apple now selling iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus SIM-free in the U.S. October 14 See All Updates Killian Bell Killian Bell is a 20-something technology journalist based in a tiny town in England. He has an obsession with that little company in Cupertino which has been growing rapidly since… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
