Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN ​Examining Apple’s complicated relationship with NZ ​Examining Apple’s complicated relationship with NZ Tech giant’s tax bill leaves sour taste for Kiwis but love affair with Cupertino remains strong. James Henderson (New Zealand Reseller News) 22 March, 2017 08:07 - - - - print email Comments What a week it’s been for Apple in New Zealand. Forget the unveiling of a flashy new red iPhone 7, a storage boost for the iPhone SE and a cheaper iPad price - there's a much bigger story at play. On the one hand, the country is aghast following revelations that the tech giant paid zero tax in New Zealand for over 10 years, despite reporting sales of $4.2 billion during the decade just passed. Uncovered by the New Zealand Herald, the company dodged the tax office on a spectacular scale, “using every trick in the book” to avoid making payment. Yet as one half of the nation condemns Cupertino, the other rejoices at news that the vendor has opened an office in Wellington, as a base to develop augmented technology reality. According to Bloomberg, Apple has lured several employees from Weta Digital, tapping the local expertise of the Wellington-based special effects business. Unsurprisingly, the move has left “local technologists buzzing”, creating an interesting dynamic across the local industry as a result. Because as the industry attempts to eradicate tax avoidance by multi-national corporations, of which Apple is a chief culprit, it simultaneously displays the qualities of a crazed worshipper, rendering such a serious stance almost redundant. In light of the company’s inability to pay what is required at a local level, American-based Apple users have weighed in behind Kiwi politicians. First observed by the New Zealand Herald, Bryan Chaffin of The Mac Observer urged the tech giant to "do the right thing", even though that would result in decreased profits for the company's demanding shareholders. And of course, hard working Kiwi taxpayers have every reason to feel outraged by revelations that a titan of the industry, with billions of dollars of New Zealand revenue, has paid no New Zealand tax over ten years. “Nurses, cleaners, office workers, and small business owners, who pay their fair share of tax to support public services in our country, will be dismayed at these latest revelations,” Labour Party Revenue spokesperson, Michael Wood, said. “We know that this is the tip of the iceberg for big multi-nationals being let off the hook by the National Government being completely asleep at the wheel. “Cabinet was officially warned about the huge scale of multi-national tax avoidance five years ago, yet as late as last year the Revenue Minister was saying there was no problem and he’d seen no evidence to suggest New Zealand was missing out. It’s obvious that we are.” According to Wood, the government has been forced into “belated action” by the media and the opposition, and even then are refusing to consult on the option of a diverted profit tax, which has been employed to deal with this issue in Australia and the UK. “New Zealanders expect their government to take a stand when it’s revealed that a multinational company has been avoiding hundreds of millions of dollars in tax,” he added. Yet while opportunist politicians fight for airtime in a bid to condemn Apple - albeit correctly - the attitude on the street appears to differ. Read more Apple unveils red iPhone and cheaper iPad Why? Because New Zealand is all for Apple. Backed up by IDC research, Apple sold 221,000 phones locally in the three months to December, as customers continue to religiously consume high-end iPhone handsets. Furthermore, the vendor recently edged Microsoft in a Kiwi detachable market totalling 80,000 devices, reporting a market share of 32 per cent during 2016. According to IDC findings, only one thousand shipments separated top two vendors in New Zealand with Apple capturing the top spot from its closest rival Microsoft, which lost its crown for the first time since 2013. Specifically, Apple grew close to 650 per cent year over year, off a small shipment base, due to entering the market late in 2015. Even closer to home however, at the heart of the New Zealand Government, the love affair deepens. Currently, government departments purchase in excess of over a thousand Apple devices per year, which doesn’t include District Health Boards or other agencies. “Why do some global corporates pay tax on New Zealand earnings but Apple doesn’t?” New Zealand First Leader and Northland MP, Winston Peters, added. Read more Apple and SAP hope to create a new class of iOS developers “The way some Ministers talk up Apple you’d think they were on commission.” As a result, Peters is calling for better rules for government purchases given Apple, which fails to pay any tax here, has also been the dominant supplier of mobile phones. “Why would a government spend taxpayers’ money with a foreign corporation which manipulates the system so it does not pay a fair share of tax in New Zealand?” he questioned. “These companies reduce what tax they owe in New Zealand through complex ‘related party finance transactions’. “Why would the New Zealand taxpayer buy off a company that is prepared to milk this country and give nothing back in return.” But despite the political elite weighing into the debate, the Kiwi taxpayer is in fact more than happy to buy off a company deliberating dodging tax, such is New Zealand's complicated relationship with Apple. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags AppleiPhonegovernmentiPad Read next Microsoft is playing Windows hardball Cisco closes AppDynamics deal, increases software weight What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? ARN explores 10 technologies Alibaba has in the works that could become part of its burgeoning tech channel play in the local market. What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Revealed at a glitzy bash in Sydney at the Ivy Penthouse, the first StorageCraft Partner Awards locally saw the vendor honour its top-performing partners with ASI Solutions, SMBiT Pro, Webroot, ACA Pacific and Soft Solutions New Zealand taking home the top awards. Photos by Maria Stefina. StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip ​Synnex and Lenovo hosted 18 resellers for an action-packed weekend adventure in RotoVegas, taking in white water rafting on the Kaituna River, as well as quad biking and dinner at Stratosfare​, overlooking Lake Rotorua at the top of Mount Ngongotaha​. Photos by Synnex. Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip Related Whitepapers Case Study | Protecting customers' data with all-in-one solution from Solarwinds MSP Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​Why Larry Ellison’s continued criticism of AWS is tech’s biggest case of fake news   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:44AM Microsoft is playing Windows hardball 06:08AM Google cites progress in Android security, but patching issues linger 03:42AM Cisco closes AppDynamics deal, increases software weight Mar 22 ​Examining Apple’s complicated relationship with NZ More News ​Examining Apple’s complicated relationship with NZ ​Huawei pledges $400m to NZ innovation efforts Reseller News Events 30 Mar Reseller News Connect - Securing your future as an MSP 24 May Reseller News Judges' Lunch 2017 14 Jun Reseller News WIICTA 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News IPL 2017 Compare India MCD Elections Ind vs Aus Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsIPL 2017Compare IndiaMCD ElectionsInd vs Aus Latest News IPL 2017 Compare India MCD Elections Ind vs Aus Red iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Available in India from April: All You Should Know Xiaomi Claims to Have Sold 2.5 lakhs Redmi 4A Units; Next Sale on March 30 NASA to Use Laser Communication For High-Speed Internet in Space Google Adds File Sharing to Allo, Audio-Only Calls to Duo News18 » Tech 2-min read Red iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Available in India from April: All You Should Know Krishna Sinha Chaudhury | News18.com @krishnaa_tweets Updated: March 22, 2017, 10:27 AM IST The Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available through online channels and retail stores in over 40 countries and regions starting Friday. (Image: Apple) Apple Inc has launched the Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus as part of the company's collaboration with RED, to raise money for HIV/AIDS programmes in sub-Saharan Africa. The Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available through online channels and retail stores in over 40 countries and regions starting Friday. Also read: iPhone 7 Plus Review: This iPhone Will Be The Apple Of Your Eye The special Red edition iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have a vibrant red aluminium finish. In India, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Red Special Edition will be available in 128GB and 256GB models starting at Rs 82,000 from Apple authorised resellers. Read more: Apple iPhone 7 Plus Retro Edition With Dark Beige Stripes, Apple Rainbow Logo is Here The special edition red colour iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in 128GB and 256GB versions will start retailing from March 24 at $749. Read more: iPhone SE Available for Rs 19,000: All You Want to Know Apple had participated in the RED programme long back, but this is the first time that the company has announced a red coloured variant of their flagship phone. Apple's other Red lineup of products include - Beats products and accessories for iPhone, Apple Watch, and iPad and the original iPod Nano. "The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (PRODUCT)RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED), and we can't wait to get it into customers' hands," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement. Read more: Xiaomi Redmi 4A vs Redmi 3S: What's the Best Budget Xiaomi Phone A statement from the company read: "Both special edition models are available worldwide beginning Friday, March 24 and start shipping to customers by the end of March in the US and more than 40 countries and regions, including Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, the UK and United Arab Emirates. Brazil, Chile, Colombia, India, Turkey and other countries will follow in April." iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition will be available in 128GB and 256GB models starting at price of Rs 82,000 from Apple Authorised Resellers. However, there is no official confirmation on the pricing from Apple on the price in India of the other red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus variants. Apple iPhone7 red Apple Red campaign iPhone 7 Plus Red Colour red iPhone 7 First Published: March 22, 2017, 8:13 AM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You 2017 Nissan Terrano Facelift to Launch in India on March 27 3 Reasons to Not Buy a Term Plan India Isn't Comfortable With Women Who Are Unapologetic About Their Sexuality: Swara Bhaskar Alia-Sidharth, Sonakshi-Bunty and Others Attend Anushka's Phillauri Special Screening Steven Smith Smitten by Picturesque Dharamsala Stadium About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Xiaomi Claims to Have Sold 2.5 lakhs Redmi 4A Units; Next Sale on March 30 NASA to Use Laser Communication For High-Speed Internet in Space ACMA Study on Indian Automotive Market Estimates 228 Million Vehicles in India New Porsche Panamera Launched in India at Rs 1.93 Crore Deepa Jayakumar files nomination for R K Nagar assembly bypoll Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Seeds Eighth Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.4 to Developers and Public Beta Testers Monday March 20, 2017 10:03 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the eighth beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update to developers and public beta testers, four days after seeding the seventh macOS Sierra 10.12.4 beta and two months after releasing macOS Sierra 10.12.3. The eighth macOS Sierra 10.12.4 beta is available for download through the Apple Developer Center or the software update mechanism in the Mac App Store for those who have previously installed a beta. macOS Sierra 10.12.4 brings iOS's Night Shift mode to the Mac for the first time. First introduced on iOS devices with iOS 9.3, Night Shift is designed to gradually shift the display of a device from blue to yellow, cutting down on exposure to blue light. Blue light is said to disrupt the circadian rhythm and is believed to interrupt sleeping patterns. Night Shift can be activated through the Displays section of System Preferences, where a setting to have it come on at sunset and turn off at sunrise is available. Night Shift can also be toggled on manually through the Notification Center or via Siri. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. The 10.12.4 update focuses mainly on Night Shift, but also includes dictation support for Shanghainese, cricket scores for Siri, improved PDFKit APIs, and iCloud Analytics options. Few outward-facing changes have been discovered in macOS Sierra 10.12.4 outside of the first beta, as Apple has been working on bug fixes and improvements ahead of a public release. With the eighth beta out and the short interval since the last seed, we are getting closer to the end of the beta testing period and are likely to see a public release soon. Related Roundup: macOS Sierra [ 52 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) jbachandouris 3 days ago at 10:06 am My life is so lame, that this is the most exciting thing to happen to me all day. Rating: 27 Votes MacFever 3 days ago at 10:49 am Nightshift is all good... but when will we get a full dark theme option through out the MacOS. for example : Rating: 20 Votes theitsage 3 days ago at 10:08 am Hoping for new Macs tomorrow. There are changes to drivers and kext files for Polaris GPUs. Rating: 7 Votes now i see it 3 days ago at 10:24 am My life is so lame, that this is the most exciting thing to happen to me all day. Not to worry. There'll be an endless stream of betas until you reach old age Rating: 6 Votes thadoggfather 3 days ago at 10:14 am How much polish does the f.lux knockoff, I mean macOS Night Shift feature need? :p Rating: 6 Votes verpeiler 3 days ago at 03:37 pm To your point, flipping the switch on APFS in a point update seems risky. Better to do an OS upgrade when HFS+ is still in play, and not have to jump that hurdle at the same time. That's why APFS won't be live until next MacOS or even later. Rating: 3 Votes GubbyMan 3 days ago at 10:08 am Eight betas! Can I trust them and download the stable version as soon as it is released or should I wait and see if there are any major bugs that could brick my MacBook? :rolleyes: Rating: 3 Votes robeddie 3 days ago at 01:52 pm Online store's going down "for maintenance" tomorrow morning. I wouldn't be surprised if there's something, even if minor. My guess: They'll introduce a 'budget' mac pro for $2300 with a spinning hard drive. And update the mac mini by again cutting the number of cores in half - a one core mac mini! Rating: 2 Votes ivan_k 2 days ago at 12:23 am It would be nice if my LG 4K monitor would work properly with my MacBook Pro 2016 instead of failing to awaken after sleep and occasionally causing a crash upon wakeup that requires a restart. To me a fix of that issue is much more important than Night Shift. This. Fixing the 3 finger drag issue would be good to have before anything else in my book as well. Rating: 2 Votes photophanatic 3 days ago at 06:09 pm It would be nice if my LG 4K monitor would work properly with my MacBook Pro 2016 instead of failing to awaken after sleep and occasionally causing a crash upon wakeup that requires a restart. To me a fix of that issue is much more important than Night Shift. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 WWDC 2017 June 5–9 More Blog Stories Apple to Begin iPhone 6, 6s, and SE Manufacturing in India Over Next Few Months 1 hour ago on iOS Blog Government officials in India today confirmed that Apple will begin manufacturing iPhone devices within its Bangalore plant over the next few months, in a bid to boost the company's presence... 13 comments Tim Cook Hails China Investment, Says Apple 'Here to Stay' 3 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple CEO Tim Cook sat down for an interview with Chinese media outlet Caixin on Tuesday, in which he emphasized Apple's ambitions in China and its long-term commitment to investment there. ... 12 comments Google Photos and Duo App Updates Coming For Users in Low Connectivity Areas 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Google announced a couple of notable updates for its Duo and Photos apps yesterday at the company's São Paulo event, where it pitched the features as ideal solutions for users in Brazil who live... 5 comments Nintendo's 'Super Mario Run' for iOS Updated With New Characters, Easy Mode and More Free Content 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Nintendo today released version 2.0 of Super Mario Run, its popular Mario-themed platform game for iOS devices. Today's update adds a host of new features, including new playable characters, an... 20 comments Best Buy Offering $25 Gift Card With Purchase of New iPad 18 hours ago on iOS Blog With the purchase of one of Apple's new iPads, announced yesterday, Best Buy is offering a free $25 Best Buy gift card that can be used towards future Best Buy purchases. The $25... 18 comments How to Tell Whether Your New LG UltraFine 5K Display Has the Shielding Fix 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Last week, we shared a brief video showing that LG's revisions to the shielding in the UltraFine 5K display have successfully addressed issues with the display flickering and disconnecting when... 11 comments Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 26 With WebGPU Prototype 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced one year ago in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test... 26 comments djay Pro for Mac Gains Touch Bar Enhancements, Pioneer DJ Integration 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Algoriddim's djay Pro for Mac received a major update today, introducing a range of new features for both hobbyists and professional DJs. Through a partnership with Pioneer DJ, djay Pro is... 1 comments • Hackers Claim Access to 300 Million iCloud Accounts, Say Apple Refused to Pay $75,000 Ransom (139) • Google Maps Introduces New Location Sharing Feature With Real-Time Friend Tracking (35) • Apple Drops iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Branding in China (42) • Amazon Brings 'Send to Kindle' Read-it-Later Feature to Safari iOS (2) • Bear Notes 1.1 Update Adds Infinite Nested Tags, Note Merging, 3D Touch, New Code Syntax Support, and More (2) • Amazon Music iOS App Now Supports CarPlay (20) • Apple Releases iTunes 12.6 With Cross-Device Movie Rental Access (103)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Death Road to Canada', 'The Elder Scrolls: Legends', 'Sunless Sea', 'One Finger Death Punch 3D', 'Crash of Cars', 'Sword of Shadows', 'Construction Simulator 2' and More 'Cut.' is Another Bedeviling Puzzler From 'Hocus.' and 'Pocus.' Developer Gamebra.in 'Hearthstone' Senior Game Designer Talks Un'Goro Quests 'Super Mario Run' Is Out on Android and Version 2.0 is Out on iOS Bethesda's 'The Elder Scrolls: Legends' CCG Is Out Worldwide The 4X Board Game 'Exodus: Proxima Centauri' Is Coming to Mobile AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 March 2017 by Military News Spotify Will Restrict Some Album Releases to Paid Users Only Shenzhen, Guangdong — (SBWIRE) — 03/21/2017 — As the largest streaming music service in the world, Spotify has now agreed with multiple major record labels to restrict some of the biggest new albums releases to its paid users only. The Financial Times on Thursday reported that Spotify is in talks with „the world’s largest record labels” to limit „the biggest album releases to its paid tier for a period of time.” These non-paid users who currently listen to Spotify for free will not be able to access the latest releases from some top artists, like Kanye West, Taylor Swift and Beyonce. Unlike its rivals Apple Music and Tidal, Spotify allows paid and non-paid users to access to all the same songs. Paid users get extra benefits like offline playback and ad-free listening. The premium tier currently costs $9.99 per month. Spotify has the largest paid user-base in the music streaming industry. It is reported that the company has 50 million paying subscribers and another 50 million free users who use the service at least once a month. Those figures are much more than Apple’s most recently reported figure of 20 million subscribers and dwarfs Tidal’s 3 million. Spotify has for a long time attributed at least some of its scale to the value of its comprehensive free tier as a marketing tool. And now the company is considering to change it. By restricting some music from free users, Spotify aims to gain a reduction in royalty fees paid to the labels per stream, and a chance at exclusive releases from artists like Kanye West, Taylor Swift and Beyonce, all of whom have been restricted new albums to the paid users of competing services such as Apple Music and Tidal. It is reported that Taylor Swift once refused to put her new album on Spotify in 2015 because the company would not restrict the new album to premium users only, an incident that sparked heated debate over how music should be valued and whether ad-supported music streaming services pay artists properly. Swift’s songs are still available under time-limited free trials on services including Apple Music and Amazon Music, as well as on YouTube. Non-paid users for Spotify once could make use of some third-party music recording software to get any music on Spotify for offline playback. But now, they have to pay for $9.99 per month to listen and download new music on Spotify after the company make some new album releases available only to paid users. About Echo Echo, the fulltime web content writer for the Chinese software company – Leawo Software, a multimedia solution and iTunes utilities provider. She is skillful and professional at tips for iPhone backup and data recovery, who writes about news and tips of Apple products and Android phones. The programs she has used and reviewed include iTunes, iOS devices, iTransfer, Android phone, and so on. These programs are the main sources that she writes articles or news about. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Companies, company, Industry, major, Music, service, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Next PostNext Global Automotive Lighting Market Foreseen to Grow Exponentially over 2020 Search Recent Posts Global Prostate Biopsy Market to Grow at a CAGR of 12.66% During the Period 2017-2021 Global Shearing Machine Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.88% During the Period 2017-2021 Global Blow Molding Machinery Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.90% During the Period 2017-2021 Global Commercial Baking Equipment Market to Grow at a CAGR of 5.21% During the Period 2017-2021 Global Pectin Market 2017-2021.: Globally Growing at CAGR 7.54%, Significant Forecast, Trends and Opportunity Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad iPhone iPad iOS OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses iPhone iPad iOS Home iPhone/iPad News iPad Pro, iPad, and iPad mini 4: What are the differences? Trying to decide on which iPad to buy? Here’s a look at the major specifications of each model. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Roman Loyola Senior Editor, Macworld | Mar 21, 2017 1:07 PM PT Credit: Apple More like this 9.7-inch iPad Pro FAQ: What you need to know about Apple's mini mega tablet A wish list for the iPad Pro in 2017 The iPad Pro needs a refresh: Here's what to expect Video Is Snapchat building the iPhone killer? When Apple released a new iPad on Tuesday, the company also simplified the iPad lineup: instead of four iPad models, there are now three. This makes it easier to decide which iPad to buy, though there are still a lot of factors to consider. Let’s take a look at the major features you should think about when picking an iPad. Size If you want to carry your iPad around with you, then size is an important consideration. Here’s a breakdown of each iPad. IDG Screen Just looking at the iPads, it’s difficult to discern any difference in the screens besides their sizes. All of the iPads use LED-backlit displays with Multi-Touch support and fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating. But there are a few features that are found in some models and not in others that may not be obvious. IDG If color accuracy and detail is vital to your work, then you want the 9.7-inch iPad Pro with its P3 wide color and True Tone. If you really want the bigger screen of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, you won’t get the P3 support, but there is a way to use iOS’s Night Shift to act like True Tone. The iPad lacks the laminated display and antireflective coating found in the other iPads, so you might have issues with glare. You might consider an iPad mini 4 instead, especially if you plan to be outdoors a lot, or if you are going to use the device where lighting is influential in the environment, like a photo studio. Smart Connector Apple iPad Pro with Apple’s Smart Keyboard The iPad Pro is the only iPad outfitted with a Smart Connector, which is used to connect devices like keyboards. Apple’s Smart Keyboard uses the Smart Connector to connect to the iPad Pro. The Smart Keyboard for 12.9-inch iPad Pro is $169 (available on Amazon), and the Smart Keyboard for 9.7-inch iPad Pro is $149 (available on Amazon). Third parties like Logitech also make keyboards that use the Smart Connector. You can still use a keyboard with the iPad and iPad mini 4, but since these iPads don’t have a Smart Connector, Bluetooth is used to connect to a keyboard. So, you can use any Bluetooth keyboard, but you may want to get a keyboard case that’s designed specifically for the iPad or iPad mini 4 for extra comfort. Apple Pencil support Apple Pencil works only with the iPad Pro. In case you’re not that familiar with Apple’s iPad models, the iPad Pro is the only device that can be used with the Apple Pencil ($99; available on Amazon), a pen-like input device. You can still use your fingers to interact with the iPad Pro, but the Pencil provides the precision needed for creative work, or for people who want to write using an instrument. You can find a third-party stylus that can be used with the iPad and iPad mini 4, though they may not function like the Apple Pencil. Some styluses are made for specifically for writing, while others are for sketching. Photo camera If still photos are a priority for you, then you probably want the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It has a few major features (noted below) that the other iPads don’t have. IDG Video camera The 9.7-inch iPad Pro is also the more capable video camera. In fact, its specs outpace the other iPads by a wide margin. Major differences noted below. IDG FaceTime camera Since iPads are used more and more for video conferencing and selfies, the FaceTime camera is an important consideration. As with photos and video, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro has the best specs. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has a 5-megapxiel FaceTime camera, while the other three iPads are a 1.2 megapixels. Also, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro comes equipped with a Retina Flash to make sure you are properly illuminated. There is no flash in the other iPads. Processor The iPad Pro is the top performer with an A9X chip. The chip in the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is slightly slower that that one in the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, so it doesn’t overheat in the smaller form factor. The iPad has a A9 processor, which is same model number as the processor in the iPhone 6s. Though it’s not as fast as the A9X, it’s a boost over the A8X chip that was in the iPad Air 2. The iPad mini 4 comes with the slowest processor of the lineup, an A8. It’s the compromise you make to get the smaller form factor and a reasonable price. Rose Gold Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro in Rose Gold And finally, after considering everything listed above, there’s the one thing that could change or confirm your decision: the Rose Gold factor. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro is the only iPad available in Rose Gold. If that’s the color you absolutely must have, then that’s the iPad for you. All iPads are available in Gold, Silver, and Space Gray. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: iPhone/iPad iPad iPad Mini 4 iPad Pro Apple Roman has covered technology since the early 1990s. His career started at MacUser, and he's worked for MacAddict, Mac|Life, TechTV, PC/Computing, and Windows NT Systems. He's also written for MacRumors and Realtor.com. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad 🔥🚨❤️ (Product) RED iPhone 7: Unboxing and hands-on! Gimme gimme Maybe Apple should consider selling Apple Watch cases and bands separately To upgrade or not to upgrade? Should you upgrade your iPhone SE for double the storage? Buyers Guide What color iPhone 7 should you get? #iPhone7forlife Apple has hot — and cool! — new iPhone 7 case colors for spring! < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Shop: Insanely Cheap Wireless Plans Expectational prep Apple has something special 'in store' for us — but what? By Rene Ritchie Tuesday, Mar 21, 2017 at 8:00 am EDT 24 Comments Rene Ritchie has been covering the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial Director at Mobile Nations, analyst at iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him @reneritchie on Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter. What could Apple be preparing to launch this spring? Rumors run from iPhones to iPads to Macs to Watches and more!{.intro} UPDATE: APPLE STORE DOWN! Apple has "something special in store for you" and it "can't wait for you to see it". At least that's what Apple Online says if you try to buy something right now. That's not the usual message we get when they're down for simply maintenance. Still, we can only expect new products when we see them. Check out the potential updates below! Apple hasn't sent out invitations for a March event but that doesn't mean there won't be new products this spring. An April event might seem far away but even without an event in March, new products — more specifically, updates to existing products — can and have been announced without events. But regardless of whether or not Tim Cook takes the stage this spring, what could we possibly see? When will Apple launch new products this spring? Even if Apple doesn't hold an event proper, they've established a pattern for when they do spring releases based on previous events. Patterns are only true until they're not, but here are the dates so far: 2016: March 21 2015: March 9 2012: March 7 2011: March 2 March is the most common window, but never underestimate the advantage of a few weeks extra time. Will there be new iPhones? Apple typically unleashes new iPhones in September but last year we got an everything-old-is-new-again rebirth of the 4-inch screen size with iPhone SE. Could Apple be readying a repeat? Never say never. Whether Apple simply bumps the storage on the existing iPhone SE model to 2017 and, perhaps, expands the color palette to appeal to existing small-phone fans, or gives it a processor and camera bump to bring it better in line with iPhone 7 remains to be seen. Thanks to the relatively small amount of pixels iPhone, the performance is still fine, but everybody loves a better camera. More on iPhone SE As to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, once again rumors are turning towards the RED. We've been hearing this, off and on, since iPhone 3G so it's tough to keep getting hopes up. Apple has been adding colors over the last few years, including gold for the iPhone 5s, rose gold for the iPhone 6s, and blacks for iPhone 7. Apple typically reserves new colors for years where there's no substantial redesign, though. So, if iPhone 8 is the rumored redesign for 2017, would Apple debut RED for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in the spring, or save it for iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus in the fall? More on iPhone 7 And new iPads Pro? Last March we got the all-new 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It managed to cram all the features of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro into a casing as thin and light as iPad Air 2, and add True Tone and a better camera as well. This year, rumor has it, we'll get second-generation versions of both that fully embrace Apple's A10 Fusion chipset. Whether that means the 12.9-inch iPad gets True Tone and the 9.7-inch iPad gets USB-3 speeds, we'll have to wait and see. But, Apple, please already. It's also possible that Apple could zag here instead of zig, and either keep or add a lower-cost "iPad Pro" at the 9.7-inch size to replace the Air 2 and bring down the cost of entry for the Pro features. Rumor also has it a 7.9-inch iPad Pro with all the Smart Connector and Apple Pencil bells and whistles will replace the iPad mini. While bigger iPhones have put a dent in smaller iPads, some people genuinely want digital field notes with all the sketching power, and good-enough typing, that a tiny Pro would provide. Then there's the leap-forward iPad. The one with the rumored edge-to-edge OLED display that fits a 10.5-inch panel into a body that's still roughly the size of the Air 2. Whether that's ready for March, and whether Apple would rather save those kinds of features for iPhone 8, remains a question. I just hope it comes in black. Read our full next-generation iPad rumor roundup! Watch bands... but no Watches? Apple Watch Series 2 debuted just six months ago, so it's way early for series 3. Could new case colors be in the works? Jet black might not be durable enough for something worn on your wrist, but product RED? Metallic blue? There are still lots of options to explore if Apple chooses to. What it's also never too early for are new Watch bands! Since launching in spring of 2015, Apple has shown off new, seasonal Watch bands every six months like — wait for it! — clockwork. New colors seem like a lock at this point. I'd like to see the Hermès back in stock but beyond that, I'd love to see the Nike-style bands become available separately, and in additional colors like bright orange, hot pink, neon blue, and more. It's a great style and not being able to expand it with more bands is a shame right now. To keep the Nike Watch exclusive, they could always give it unique color options or a variant of the woven nylon. Speaking of which, woven nylon debuted at last year's March event. So, in addition to new colors, we could also see new styles. Although Apple has a great range already, there are still several types of bands they've yet to tackle. And, while they've thus far only been introduced in the fall, not spring, there's always the possibility of new partnerships. More on Apple Watch What about new Macs? Apple announced the 12-inch MacBook at the March event in 2015 and updated in in 2016. Could a 2017 update with Kaby Lake, Touch Bar, and Touch ID be in the works? It wouldn't do much to reduce the ultralight's price tag but it would bring it into technological alignment with the new MacBook Pro. Now if only Jet Black scaled to MacBooks... Speaking of MacBook Pro, Apple's Mac roadmap is dependent, in part, on Intel's chipset schedule. Kaby Lake was announced last year but the specific versions Apple needs for the MacBook Pro weren't ready yet. If they are now, we could see spec bumps. Same with iMac. It's already 5K and DCI-P3, but new chips would be nice, as would a Magic Keyboard with Touch Bar and Touch ID. Then there's Mac mini and Mac Pro, which have been out of date so long most online trackers have gone from red to a deep, sad, wine color. Apple has said we'd get new Mac desktops, and March is the next big product window, so fingers crossed. Otherwise, it's six to five and pick'em whether we get anything early or have to wait until WWDC... or later. Apple TV Apple TV is no stranger to spring events. 4K and HDR are obvious upgrades at this point. Home hub functionality is every geeks fantasy as well. What Apple chooses to do with their set top box is a bigger question, though. Do they go for raw power, knowing it raises the price tag in a world with plenty of good, inexpensive streaming boxes and voice-powered speakers? Or do they try to do something more modular and, at least up-front, less expensive? TV-deals aside — and I continue to believe solving for that internationally​ will not be easy — Apple has to decide not what they want to do in the living room, but what they can do. For my money that's an updated Apple TV with a multi-personal Siri assistant. What about the software? We've got the betas for iOS 10.3 and the rest, so all the small new features coming this spring are already out there. If there's anything specific to the new hardware or services, we'll hear about it. What do you want to see? What do you most want to see from Apple in spring 2017? Let me know in the comments below! Reader comments Apple has something special 'in store' for us — but what? 24 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Bama_Life Yawn -4 4 weeks ago Reply niico100 ANYBODY who says "iPads pro" will be eliminated first when the singularity takes over... 1 4 weeks ago Reply cmdacos Here's hoping Posted via the iMore App for Android 0 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams what I found funny was the comment about Kaby lakes. Apple never used them because intel Never had the versions apple wanted...so apple used last gen processors instead of the better new versions anyways....nice spin Rene! -3 4 weeks ago Reply DannyJJK They weren't ready, what's difficult to understand? 1 4 weeks ago Reply Steve Adams Don't be stupid....the kabylakes were available just NOT what apple wanted....HOWEVER, the kaby's that were available are still better than the skylake....think about it...fanboy! -4 4 weeks ago Reply DannyJJK They weren't available, and even still, the Kabylake offered a trivial performance increase compared to Skylake, so it's no big deal… 0 4 weeks ago Reply returnmyjedi Kaby Lake offers quite substantial improvements to video performance over Skylake. 1 4 weeks ago Reply brianseb1989 What would be nice on iMac's that all models would come with at least 128gb or 256GB solid state drive with the 1TB 7200 rpm without having to pay extra for an iMac to get Fusion Drive Upgrade, My 27 Inch 5K iMac is slow at times, comes with only 1TB 7200rpm, it's enough iMac's are expensive but i have to deal with the 7200rpm hdd being very slow for me and I can't afford anymore to get a solid state hdd and pay a technician to install it for me and stuff 😭 and for Apple TV should come with 2 USB 2.0/3.0 Ports For USB Sticks (256gb) and 1 SD Card Slot (256GB) And Also For Apple TV to allow the USB Ports to read External HDD up to 2TB (All Formats), Apple is so boring always coming up with same specs all the time, they are so behide in technology lol in my opinion. -1 4 weeks ago Reply DannyJJK Pretty sure I've never seen an Apple product update with the "same specs"… 0 4 weeks ago Reply cmdacos One of the iPad minis was a few years back. Posted via the iMore App for Android -1 1 day ago Reply DannyJJK I'd like to know which one this was and how it wasn't improved from the generation before it 0 1 day ago Reply TheElectroclassic I'm expecting some kind of iPhone X or stuff like that. You know, because of the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. Maybe that's asking too much, and they'll just show a special video and a new marketing strategy. 0 4 weeks ago Reply Deetheniabb I feel honestly if you are going to realease another IPhone let it be of high quality. Not just a good looking phone with bugs. I still give Apple their props though. 0 3 weeks ago Reply merli126 I hope that they don't replace the iPad mini if they do can they make an iPad mini pro? Sent from the iMore App 0 3 weeks ago Reply RKJackson95 My birthday is in March, and red is my favorite color. This is awesome. 0 3 weeks ago Reply badMojo69 Maintenance. . 0 1 day ago Reply cknorthpole Don't need new processors in the iPads since they are super blazing fast, except for the small one. Give iPad mini a a9. What I want is a 4" with upgraded camera,storage but specially screen. Want a laminated one like on the iPhone 7 and I want it to be as bright or brighter so you can use it in sunlight. Sent from the iMore App 0 1 day ago Reply gjh1978 It's a product RED iPhone 7 and 7+, available on 3/24. 0 1 day ago Reply badMojo69 So it's a renamed Ipad Air, red iPhone 7 and new MacBook pro. 0 1 day ago Reply fitzconsin Are those new Apple Watch bands or do I miss a new line of them at some point? Sent from the iMore App 0 1 day ago Reply safesax2002 A lower entry point on AppleTV would be awesome! Sent from the iMore App 1 1 day ago Reply PoisonMaps Well that was disappointing. I can see why they didn't hold a media event. Hopefully the lack of MacBooks and iMacs is down to Intel, and they aren't going the way of the Mac mini and the Mac Pro... 0 1 day ago Reply AvalancheRyder 128gb iphone SE too. Sent from the iMore App 0 1 day ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Spotify Will Restrict Some Album Releases to Paid Users Only Spotify Will Restrict Some Album Releases to Paid Users Only Posted on March 22, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Spotify plans to make some music available only to paid users in a major change to its service. Non-paid users will not be allowed to access some big album releases on the streaming music service. Shenzhen, Guangdong — (SBWIRE) — 03/21/2017 — As the largest streaming music service in the world, Spotify has now agreed with multiple major record labels to restrict some of the biggest new albums releases to its paid users only. The Financial Times on Thursday reported that Spotify is in talks with "the world's largest record labels" to limit "the biggest album releases to its paid tier for a period of time." These non-paid users who currently listen to Spotify for free will not be able to access the latest releases from some top artists, like Kanye West, Taylor Swift and Beyonce. Unlike its rivals Apple Music and Tidal, Spotify allows paid and non-paid users to access to all the same songs. Paid users get extra benefits like offline playback and ad-free listening. The premium tier currently costs $9.99 per month. Spotify has the largest paid user-base in the music streaming industry. It is reported that the company has 50 million paying subscribers and another 50 million free users who use the service at least once a month. Those figures are much more than Apple's most recently reported figure of 20 million subscribers and dwarfs Tidal's 3 million. Spotify has for a long time attributed at least some of its scale to the value of its comprehensive free tier as a marketing tool. And now the company is considering to change it. By restricting some music from free users, Spotify aims to gain a reduction in royalty fees paid to the labels per stream, and a chance at exclusive releases from artists like Kanye West, Taylor Swift and Beyonce, all of whom have been restricted new albums to the paid users of competing services such as Apple Music and Tidal. It is reported that Taylor Swift once refused to put her new album on Spotify in 2015 because the company would not restrict the new album to premium users only, an incident that sparked heated debate over how music should be valued and whether ad-supported music streaming services pay artists properly. Swift's songs are still available under time-limited free trials on services including Apple Music and Amazon Music, as well as on YouTube. Non-paid users for Spotify once could make use of some third-party music recording software to get any music on Spotify for offline playback. But now, they have to pay for $9.99 per month to listen and download new music on Spotify after the company make some new album releases available only to paid users. About Echo Echo, the fulltime web content writer for the Chinese software company – Leawo Software, a multimedia solution and iTunes utilities provider. She is skillful and professional at tips for iPhone backup and data recovery, who writes about news and tips of Apple products and Android phones. The programs she has used and reviewed include iTunes, iOS devices, iTransfer, Android phone, and so on. These programs are the main sources that she writes articles or news about. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/spotify-will-restrict-some-album-releases-to-paid-users-only-784804.htm Media Relations Contact Steven Zhang CEO Leawo Software Email: Click to Email Steven Zhang Web: http://www.leawo.org/ Latest News Global Plethysmograph MGC Diagnostics Market: Cosmed, MEC, Geratherm, Hokanson, GANSHORN, BD (CareFusion) Global Buttermilk Market- Amul, Arla Foods, Sodiaal Group, Fonterra, DairyAmerica Spotify Will Restrict Some Album Releases to Paid Users Only Bouclair Names Lucernex As Lease Administration Partner Diamond Resorts Reviews – Arizona’s Desert Landscape Resorts Global Automotive Lighting Market Foreseen to Grow Exponentially over 2020 Outdoor LED Displays (Installed) Market to Exceed US $15.7 Billion by 2021 Global Piperonyl Butoxide Market: Yangpu Natural Perfume, Shuguang Chem, Sumitomo Chem, Zhongtai Perfume Global Paraformaldehyde Market: LCY Chemical, Chemanol, Caldic, Shandong Tuobo, Yinhe Chemical Australia Infrastructure Market Insight – Latest Market Research Report © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad The Pixel Project Comic: Let's Give the Droid a Hand The Pixel Project Comic: Switching Sides The Pixel Project Comic: Top of the Heap Forever The Pixel Project Comic: The Lost iPad Pro Commercial The Pixel Project Comic: The Immortal iPad < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Shop: Insanely Cheap Wireless Plans 9.7-inch iPad 9.7-inch iPad FAQ: Everything you need to know! By Serenity Caldwell, Joseph Keller Tuesday, Mar 21, 2017 at 9:41 am EDT 51 Comments Apple has unveiled a new iteration of its 9.7-inch iPad, but what's new about it? We've got everything you need to know right here. Apple has just announced a new version of its 9.7-inch iPad, replacing the aging iPad Air 2. That comes with a moniker change: Instead of "iPad Air 3," the non-iPad Pro model is just called "iPad." The iPad mini lives on as "iPad mini 4," but has been reduced to a single 128GB model (and no processor upgrade). While the new 9.7-inch iPad won't match the performance of the similarly-sized iPad Pro, it's a nice entry point for the education market and first-time tablet users. Here's everything you need to know about Apple's updates. So this is a new iPad Air without the iPad Air name, huh? Exactly. The new 9.7-inch iPad replaces the iPad Air 2 in Apple's tablet lineup — but though it's the same size, it's not an iPad Pro. Apple's newest tablet is a bit cheaper ($329 vs $599 for the entry-level 32GB Wi-Fi model), but it's lacking many of the Pro's keystone features. What's the difference between the new 9.7-inch iPad and the iPad Air 2? The biggest change is a processor upgrade: Apple's newest tablet includes the iPhone 6s's A9 chip and M9 co-processor, supplanting the iPad Air 2's A8X chip. It's also a little heavier and bulkier than both the iPad Air 2 and, strangely, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, weighing in at 1.03-1.05 pounds (depending on Wi-Fi vs Wi-Fi + Cellular) with a depth of 0.29 inches — 0.05 more than the iPad Pro. Besides that, the new iPad is relatively identical to its older Air cousin: It has a 9.7-inch Retina display, 8MP rear-facing iSight camera, 1.2MP FaceTime camera, Touch ID sensor, and 10 hours of battery life. You also have the same three color options for the new iPad: Silver, Gold, or Space Gray. I didn't see you mention the Apple Pencil or Smart Connector. Yup. Those two features remain iPad Pro-only, as does the 9.7-inch Pro's True Tone and Wide Color (P3) display. Also somewhat strange is that the iPad mini 4 has features the new 9.7-inch iPad lacks — it doesn't sport the laminated display or antireflective coating present on all other iPad models, Pro and Mini. What else is different between the 9.7-inch iPad and iPad Pro? By picking up the cheaper 9.7-inch iPad rather than the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, you'll be missing out on the quadruple-speaker sound of the Pro model, its A9X chip and M9 coprocessor, 12-megapixel camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video recording, 1080p slow-motion recording, increased video stabilization, autofocus recording, front-facing 5-megapixel camera and Retina Flash, LTE-Advanced network, embedded Apple SIM, or rose gold coloration. How much does this new iPad cost? The Wi-Fi-only 9.7-inch iPad starts at $329 and comes in two storage capacities: 32GB for $329, and 128GB for $429. Additionally, the cellular model comes in the following configurations: 32GB for $459, and 128GB for $559. Unlike the iPad Pro configurations, there's no 256GB model available. Okay, so why would I buy a new iPad over an iPad Pro? While not outwardly stated, the primary market here is clearly education: The new 9.7-inch iPad is inexpensive even at large capacities, making it a potentially appealing choice for educators looking to pitch their administrators on a tablet workflow. But it could also be a great tablet for first-time buyers and those who don't need the iPad Pro's bells and whistles. On the upgrade side, if you still have an iPad Air 2 and are happy with it, there's no real need to upgrade unless you desperately want the A9 processor. But if you're coming from an older iPad and don't want a Pro-level commitment, the new 9.7-inch iPad is a good alternative. I heard we also got a new iPad mini? Well... sort of. Apple did make a slight update to the iPad mini 4, but not the kind most hoped for. The mini retains its aging A8 processor with no speed bump; instead, the only change is to consolidate the model into a single storage configuration: 128GB. The Wi-Fi model of the iPad mini 4 costs $399, while the cellular model costs $529. (Yes: The entry-level mini is now more expensive than the entry-level 9.7-inch iPad.) When and where can I get one? The new 9.7-inch iPad will be available on Apple's website on Friday, March 24. Deliveries will begin next week to an Apple Store near you as well as those who order online. Questions? Let us know in the comments. Reader comments 9.7-inch iPad FAQ: Everything you need to know! 51 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Hectorius You got to be kidding me...nice to see they updated the entry level iPad...sort off.. Posted via the iMore App for Android 1 1 day ago Reply Stephen Freeborn Yeah Apple, go sort off. 0 1 day ago Reply emjayess Apparently, Apple just released a new video app called "Clips." Why has this not been reported here on iMore? -1 1 day ago Reply Hectorius They are probably doing the write up as as fast as they can...patience young padawan.... Sent from the iMore App 2 1 day ago Reply emjayess Yah, but it's a little embarrassing to learn about it on their competitor's sites so much earlier. -1 1 day ago Reply CylonJason Is the new iPad cheaper than the air 2 but with a faster processor? That's not bad at all. Sent from the iMore App 0 1 day ago Reply Gator5000e I don't see enough enough here to justify replacing my iPad Air 2. 1 1 day ago Reply Glaurung-quena Be happy - If/when your Air 2 needs to be retired, your next ipad will be $70 cheaper. 2 1 day ago Reply Dark_Huntress I have to agree. 0 1 day ago Reply vates is just me or has anyone noticed that since tim cook took over apple's products and innovative marketing schemes have become stagnant. 2 1 day ago Reply SteveW928 Nope, not just you. Pretty much a non-story series of updates... but, on the bright side, I guess they didn't have a big press-event and take to the stage. (Though, I suppose if they had, it would have been more exciting than the last few keynotes.) 1 1 day ago Reply masaoota This ipad is heavier than the ipad air 2 - the same weight as ipad air so i guess is actually an ipad air body. Significant price drop and clearer marketing as a "leisure" rather than work device. Very attractive entry level positioning - should do well. 0 1 day ago Reply wplantz Agreed, but not for me. First thing I said is "that should help move a lot of units". But for me I'll either keep my 9.7" Pro or sell it and just use my Mac and 7 Plus. I still struggle to fit iPad into my daily life, despite me absolutely loving it when I do use it. 0 1 day ago Reply njlx2016 I'm interested to see how well this thing performs with last year's chipset (and not even an "X" version) compared to the iPad Pros or the current iPhones. 0 1 day ago Reply Michael Webber1 It should basically perform like an iPhone 6s and 6s Plus - which is pretty good. Since, as (I believe) iMore got it right, this is aimed at education (and probably at bread and butter corporate - flight crews, health care, etc.) an A9 (instead of an A9x) is probably just fine. Gamers will need to cough up the extra dough for the Pro version. And, the A9 should be GREAT on battery, it is on the iPhones. At first I thought the thicker case meant more battery, but it's just thicker because the glass is not laminated, they reverted to Air 1 "gap" screens. 0 15 hours ago Reply Jimbos Jumbos Very very disappointing. All of this talk about a 10.5 iPad in the same size shell. And they basically take the old iPad Air, and replace the chip. Its thicker than the Air 2. For what they are offering, I think the $329 entry price is too high. 2 1 day ago Reply ExcaliburII This is Apple, when was the last time they priced something really reasonable? :) 1 1 day ago Reply Michael Webber1 It's worth checking out Fry's prices on entry level Macbook Air's if you subscribe to their email offers. The prices are better than comparable Windows laptops, which is pretty amazing. 0 15 hours ago Reply Steve Adams it's all talk lately....no substance. like I said, iPhone 6s, air 2 and MacBook pro (previous Gen that was upgradeable), sweet spot for apple devices. new stuff is just removal of important features, and touting it as brand new. They are even going to the original iPhone design for the new top model? wtf is that? 0 1 day ago Reply Glaurung-quena "All of this talk about a 10.5 iPad in the same size shell." The apple rumour industry has a great deal of trouble telling the difference between prototypes apple is experimenting with (that may never see the light of day), pre-production prototypes (where Apple makes a few hundred of the thing for internal testing a full year or more ahead of its scheduled release date), and devices that are being mass produced in advance of being released a few months from now. 0 17 hours ago Reply Michael Webber1 I was hoping for $299 as floated by the rumor mill (specifically, the rumor mill posited an Air 2 reduced to $299). BUT the big news isn't now, it's Black Friday and other end-of-year sales when these might go for as little as $249 if we are lucky. Either way, the milled aluminum body, full sRGB color gamut with excellent factory calibration will make these things a joy to use compared to most Amazon Fire tablets. 0 15 hours ago Reply ftlbaby What about the dimensions or weight? And what about the screen brightness or lamination? All four of those have changed so what exactly is the difference? Apple claims the A9X is 1.6x faster then the A8, but how does it compare to the A8X in the Air 2? Thanks! 0 1 day ago Reply SteveW928 I think it's also a bit thicker (no big deal) but heavier... need to find out more about that. And, doesn't have the same screen coating, or something like that. (a bit lower price is nice though... I need to replace my iPad 2) 0 1 day ago Reply fury Cool. Simplifying the naming of the iPad lineup. Just iPad, iPad Pro, and iPad mini. Mirrors the Mac product offerings, kinda--iMac, Mac Pro, Mac mini. But since they're dropping the numbering scheme from this one, they might as well drop it from the mini as well. I notice they're calling it "5th generation" in the FAQ, as if the iPad Air and Air 2 never existed--some people consider the Air the 5th generation and Air 2 the 6th, because there wasn't a corresponding "fat" iPad released after the 4th generation. Things like this make me wish they'd just call them by the year like they do their computers. 0 1 day ago Reply DragonPoo I haven't seen Apple call their computers by the year they are released. That's become a standard for most people to refer to them by, but it's not found on Apple. "Mac Mini." "Mac Pro." "The New MacBook Pro." 0 1 day ago Reply doctrsnoop Also important to note that this is not the thinner bonded less-reflection screen of the Air 2 but the screen of the Air. 1 0 1 day ago Reply DanRJones91 I'm actually quite interested in one of these. The iPads Pro just aren't justifying their price, for very little real world improvement over this. 0 1 day ago Reply psu12616 Exactly. I have the original Air and am in need of an upgrade. The only question is if I should wait for their Spring iPad Pro annoucments, and will the upgrades be worth the premium. The pricing on the new iPad is great though. 0 1 day ago Reply Michael Webber1 I agree with you, since I'm not a gamer. I got my kid an Air 2 and myself a Pro 9.7 on Christmas sales, and in a darkened room (my preferred ambient lighting for Netflix) reflections are not an issue on the Air 2, the Pro 9.7, or my old iPad 4 (air gapped display). In ambient lighting at room levels, I can't see any difference either, although I'm sure DisplayMate and others who measure reflectivity are right about the Air 2 and Pro models being exceptional. All I know is that in our well-lighted living room, there are too many reflections for quality video, but all of them are fine in a dark room. 0 15 hours ago Reply bgwebbjr A yawner of a product release. Wake me up for a new phone or iPad Pro upgrade, or the mid-sized small bezel Pro. 0 1 day ago Reply Trubador Been a long time since I've posted here. But this is the iPad update I've actually been waiting for. I still need to go over the specs, but this may be perfect for my wife. She has the original iPadMini wifi 16GB stuck on iOS8. She uses it for general emails, web browsing, paying bills, etc. She is in desperate need of an upgrade. Doesn't use it for heavy computing, so no need for an iPad Pro. With the iPhone Plus, it appears to me that the iPadMini may be slowly disappearing from Apple's lineup. Getting this latest iPad"Air" with (what appears to be) 2GB RAM, 128GB storage (for all her photos and videos), an A9 chip, with cellular for $559 is great. The previous iPadAir in the same configuration and the A8x chip was going for $629. My wife may be getting a very nice birthday gift in 6 weeks. :-) EDITED to add that I currently have the original iPadAir with only 1GB RAM, 128GB storage, A7 chip, +cellular, no TouchID, and I paid more for that baby back then than what this new device is offering. Although I currently have no need to upgrade my own current iPadAir, I would expect the new iPad Pro will have the A10x chip when it's officially released next month. 0 1 day ago Reply Ziich47 A cheaper iPad Air with a faster processor in the design of the iPad Pro? If I was in the market for an iPad I would pick this over the iPad Pro. It is nearly half the price AND it gets rid of the camera bump from the iPad Pro!!!. But one thing about skipping all of Apple's 2016 mobile offerings is that I realized that I really have now use case for a tablet. 0 1 day ago Reply Jimbos Jumbos It is not in the design of the iPad pro. It looks like they are using the original iPad Air design. Thicker than the air2 and the pro. 0 1 day ago Reply Ziich47 my bad. so basically it is like an iPad se? 0 19 hours ago Reply badMojo69 The Air was trash anyway as it was waaay too thin. I took mine back after I could not get over the excessive screen vibration with the sound barely on. Ended up getting a Note Pro 12.2 and now that's getting long in the tooth so I might pick this one up as I don't need the pro. 0 17 hours ago Reply SoggyTempura What's with some of these comments? People this daft? It's just a general refresh, they've done this before. This isn't a generational update. People complaining because it's just receiving an upgraded processor are being dumb. A generational update won't happen until summer -- with iPhone in the fall. It's been like this for years. My god. -1 1 day ago Reply johnathanblade I like this move. I like it a lot. I don't relish the idea of Apple (or anyone) having a monopoly on a given market, but if they are the only manufacturer who is coming out to play, then let them have it, I guess. The iPad Pro is too expensive, full stop. 90% of the functionality at half the price for an Apple quality device is more than reasonable for the iPad. 0 1 day ago Reply cuttheredwire Do think that they are showing a distinction between the Pro an the consumer version. The Pro is too expensive for me, but with the Pencil is a valuable Pro tool. This feels a bit more like the iPad for the masses. 0 1 day ago Reply cuttheredwire I have an iPad mini 2, that I am very happy with. I have been wanting to get an iPad for me and a family member. They just sold two iPads. That's a great price point. Anyone feeling the 16GB space pinch from an older iPad will happy to have affordable upgrade options. The 128 GB upgrade is substantial and tempting. I think this a good move. I predict a good year for the iPad. The key features here are price and space. That's more tangible than a processor bump. It's as simple as that. 0 1 day ago Reply flychinook At this point I'm certain Apple is just trying to make it as confusing as possible to identify an iPad. iPad iPad 2 "The new iPad" iPad with retina display (making "the new iPad" the old iPad) iPad Air / Air 2 (which also have a retina display) iPad Maybe they'll call the next one "The newer iPad". 0 1 day ago Reply Glaurung-quena "Apple is just trying to make it as confusing as possible to identify an iPad." Only if you're looking at older models. Looking at what they currently have on sale (not counting older products that are waiting for the axe*), it's now simpler. Ipad, ipad pro. Macbook, macbook pro. * the macbook air and the ipad mini are probably doomed. 0 17 hours ago Reply Didier Ouzaid I see this and I realize how ahead of its time the iPad Air 2 was. I bought mine late (1.5 years after it was released) and to this day it just works wonders. I guess this edition will satisfy those upgrading from an Air 1 or prior, Apple didnt go for a direct Air 2 buster. 0 1 day ago Reply Glaurung-quena Apple: "this is the Ipad air 2, it's thinner and lighter than the last ipad!" The Internet: "jeeze Apple, when are you going to get over your fetish with thinner and lighter? You shrank the battery, now the battery life is worse than it was before on some metrics, how awful!" Apple: "here's our new entry level ipad. We made the battery bigger, and put in a more power efficient SOC, so the battery life will be better than ever!" The internet: "holy crow, Apple, you've taken a massive step backwards, this thing is thicker and heavier than the previous Ipad!" 0 22 hours ago Reply badMojo69 I love the fact that it's thicker. 0 17 hours ago Reply KendallFawcett The only iPad I have at home is the ORIGINAL 64 GB and it's getting a bit long in the tooth. $879! (ouch) and I can't run any modern software on it, of course. I think it might be time to scratch up some pennies and look at these new ones. The iPad Pro just doesn't have a lot of extra stuff for me to warrant paying so much more money. iPad 32 GB at $449 vs. iPad Pro 32 GB at $799. That's getting too close to double the price for me!!! 0 21 hours ago Reply williamsbh76 Is it just me or is this Apples way of giving the iPad Mini a death knell? Storage aside, it is the most confusing thing in the line up. I don't use a mini but my wife and kids love theirs and I would love to replace them but not at that price point and processor. I just can't wrap my head around this. I am glad that Apple found a way to keep a 9.7" iPad model at a lower price point without pro features. Still confusing that the Pro models didn't at least get a chip bump to get in line with the iPhone. 0 20 hours ago Reply Glaurung-quena "Still confusing that the Pro models didn't at least get a chip bump to get in line with the iPhone." Coming this summer or more likely this fall. I think Apple looked at the numbers from last year's spring launch of the 9.7" ipad pro and decided that they made a mistake moving one of their flagship product launches to the spring... so this year we wait a few extra months and we go back to almost everything new from apple launching in the fall. 0 16 hours ago Reply masaoota Yes , the mini is slightly odd. My guess is that they will revamp the Pro range with three sizes at premium price points with a single basic 9.7 iPad left at low price point for mass market. The positioning of the mini is a bridge to that new pro line-up as they didn't want to kill that size and then later bring it back. 0 20 hours ago Reply Michael Webber1 At first I was "meh" about the product release (the love child of an iPad Air 1 and Pro 9.7?), but the more I think about it, I think Apple is taking the right approach. After all the Pro 9.7 is around if you've got to have it "all", but Apple is making some "artful" comprises to bring us a $329, still cutting edge tablet. What I like: 1. The A9 chip. So much better than the A8, with (probably) better battery life than the A8x. 2gb of onboard RAM is likely since that's the new standard across the line - even in the iPhone SE. 2. Back to "air gap" instead of "fully laminated." Keep in mind the Air 1 was renowned for low relfectivity as the iPad line has been historically. So reverting to an Air 1 "gap" display won't affect most practical uses, including Netflix, in typical ambient lighting. BUT screen repair costs should be a lot more reasonable moving forward, which is important for education and corporate, and for us too. 3. 32gb. Apple, thankfully, didn't try to cut costs here with a skimpy 16gb. What I don't like: We don't know for sure yet, but it doesn't look like the case is identical in dimensions and controls placement to the Air 1, so we won't be able to save a few bucks on Air 1 cases or the Apple Air 1 Smart Case. The Smart Cover IS apparently compatible, based on the compatibility listing for the new iPad Smart Cover on the Apple website. Note that the Air 1 had a "slide to mute/rotate" button on the side, the 2017 iPad doesn't. I'm neutral on the increase in thickness - I thought maybe Apple finally reversed tradition by moving to a thicker battery, but no such luck, it's due to the thicker screen. I'm looking forward to the iPad whatever-the-heck-we-call-it. It's not an advance, but it's a solid player for Team Apple. 0 14 hours ago Reply Pirate Arr I have my handy iPad Air that while great, has started to show its age and this looks like a fantastic upgrade in my opinion. Hopefully 2 gigabytes of DDR4 RAM are in this, especially with an A9 chip! Thank goodness Apple is nixing 16 GB as the base model on their devices. Posted via the iMore App for Android 0 9 hours ago Reply PratikKanada Looking at the configuration, I want to buy this iPad as soon as possible. Apple has made this technological generation more smoother and sensational. Cheers to them. 0 6 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Automated Heaven The Workflow app and its team are going to Apple quelling twitter abuse How to filter out "eggs" and mute keywords on Twitter do you even bitmoji? Snapchat goes all-in on Bitmoji in its latest app update 👀👀👀👀👀 Uptime lets you watch videos with friends, no matter where they are We support efforts toward greater acceptance Apple responds to Trump administration's rescinding of trans bathroom rule < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Shop: Insanely Cheap Wireless Plans 📱 👀 Clips: Apple's new answer to social media content and sharing By Cella Lao Rousseau Tuesday, Mar 21, 2017 at 10:26 am EDT 7 Comments What exactly is the new Clips app and how can I use it with my social media? If you're someone who goes gaga over apps like Snapchat and Instagram Stories and, ahem, Messenger Day, then you'll probably be interested in the latest app that Apple is releasing. Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS … [This] new app for iPhone and iPad is incredibly easy to use and introduces an innovative way to create animated titles. Clips, "a new app that makes it quick and fun for anyone to create expressive videos on iPhone and iPad", combines video clips, photos, and music into snappy, electric videos you can share through Messages, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, Facebook, and every other social media network! How does Clips work, exactly? Clips lets users create multi-clip videos on iPhone or iPad without timelines, tracks or complicated editing tools. Touch and hold a single button to shoot live video and photos, or add them from the Photo Library. Then add artistic filters, speech bubbles, shapes or emoji. Users can also add full-screen posters with animated backgrounds and customizable text. Clips has dozens of music soundtracks to choose from, and they automatically adjust to match the length of a video. OK, so this sort of sounds like Snapchat … how is it different? We will admit, the app is quite reminiscent of Snapchat, even down to the big red button to record (although the Clips button appears to be stretched out). One unique thing Clips holds over Snap is Live Titles, a brand new feature that lets you animate and create captions and titles using just your voice. Fun effects including comic book filters, speech bubbles, shapes and full-screen animated posters help bring out the personality in videos made with Clips. Is it complicated to edit together a video with Clips? The app is designed to make things as straight-forward as possible, so Clips promises that there will be no complicated editing tools to adhere to. After you're done recording, send your video or photo to your Photo Library and then, using Clips, you can sprinkle on some filters, speech bubbles, different shapes, and even emoji! Clips also has tons of music soundtracks to choose from which automatically adjust to the length of the video, so you aren't scrambling to edit down 30-seconds of blank space (cue Taylor Swift). Where can I share my final Clips project? Videos made with Clips can be shared directly to popular social networks and video websites, including Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Vimeo and more. You can even share your Clips with pals in the Messages app — the app can suggest who to share things with based on the people who are in your final video (or the people you share with most often)! When will Clips be available? Clips will be available in the App store for free at the beginning of April and will be compatible with the iPhone 5s and later as well as the new 9.7-inch iPad and iPad Pro models, iPad mini 2 and later, and the iPod touch 6th generation. Will you be using Clips? Are you someone who thinks Apple's new Clips app is an incredible idea, or do you think you'll pass on what could end up being another Snapchat-like content-creation app? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below! Reader comments Clips: Apple's new answer to social media content and sharing 7 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating CylonJason Looks kind of fun. 👍 Sent from the iMore App 1 1 day ago Reply Hectorius Nice app for people that don't use Snapchat, Facebook, etc. I'm personally going to give it a try since I don't use social media a lot. Sent from the iMore App 1 1 day ago Reply masaoota No. But i am so pleased they have created a new app rather than shoehorning it into Messages. -1 1 day ago Reply Dark_Huntress No.t now. Maybe in the future I will try it out. 0 1 day ago Reply DarlaMack I'll have to use it if I want to keep up with my kids, lol. But it looks pretty cool and of course its an apple app made for the apple platform so yay! 1 1 day ago Reply user7c Will I try it, you bet! Hoping this will blossom into a Facebook replacement / alternative cause I believe Apple can do a much better job at balancing free speech vs filtering out fake news and cyber bullying. 1 1 day ago Reply talldreams It's apple's solution to vertical video. I hate vertical video. It's the death of the human race. Sent from the iMore App 2 1 day ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Buyers Guide What color iPhone 7 should you get? State of the small iPhone SE: Now 32 + 128 GB bigger on the inside! Expectational prep Apple has something special 'in store' for us — but what? Buyers Guide Find everything you need for your iPhone SE right here I ❤️ my iPhone SE iPhone SE is better than iPhone 7 Plus for one-handed gaming < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Shop: Insanely Cheap Wireless Plans To upgrade or not to upgrade? Should you upgrade your iPhone SE for double the storage? By Lory Gil Tuesday, Mar 21, 2017 at 10:44 am EDT 24 Comments Is your iPhone SE too small on the inside? You can upgrade to double the storage for the same price! Apple has updated the iPhone SE with double the storage capacity from 16 or 64GB to 32 or 128GB. If you've been using the four-inch model since its release one year ago, you might be thinking of upgrading. The question is, should you? What's the difference? After almost exactly one year, Apple has made a minor change to the iPhone SE that is actually quite huge. Its now double the capacity of the original model. The 16 and 64GB iPhone SE are now 32 and 128GB models. That's the only difference. The iPhone SE still has the same A9 and M9 processor chip, the same 12 mp camera, and comes in the same four colors — Silver, Gold, Space Gray, and Rose Gold. The good news is that it still has a 3.5mm headphone jack. Should I upgrade or not? That all depends on your needs. If you purchased the 16GB iPhone SE, chances are you are bursting at the seams as far as storage capacity is concerned. I'm on the 64 GB model and I've got about 18GB of storage space left, so even the larger capacity model feels a bit tight. If you're constantly running into full capacity issues on the regular, you should definitely think about bumping to one of the larger capacity models. If you still have a lot of wiggle room for adding apps, music, movies, and other content, you should probably stick with what you've got. The iPhone SE didn't get any other spec upgrade, so you'd be buying a larger capacity version of the exact same thing. Not worth it if you don't need the room. If you're not paying off your iPhone SE in installments with your carrier, you can take advantage of the resale market. The iPhone SE is only a year old, and there are definitely going to be a lot of people looking for a 16 or 64GB model. You'll be able to get a pretty penny for your current iPhone, which you can put toward your upgrade. Which one should I get? Whether your current iPhone SE is 16 GB or 64 GB, you should definitely think about bumping up to the 128 GB model. You may not think you need the extra storage, but you'd be surprised at how fast you fill up your device. With more capacity, you have the ability to download plenty of music, movies, podcasts, apps, and games on your device without worrying about whether you're going to run out of room. For only $100 more than the base model, you're getting a lot. Plus, it's the same price as the 64 GB model was a year ago. If money is a concern, the 32GB model is still a decent bump from the 16GB model. So, if you're currently holding the lowest storage capacity iPhone SE, and you don't have that extra $100 to jump up to the 128GB model, you're still going to be happy with the upgrade. Still thinking about it? If you're still on the fence about whether to upgrade your current model iPhone SE to a larger capacity model, you can check in with the iMore community on our iPhone SE discussion forums to talk about your questions and concerns. What do you think about Apples double capacity update for the iPhone SE? Let's talk about it in the comments below. iPhone SE iPhone SE review iPhone SE FAQ iPhone SE buyers guide iPhone SE hub iPhone SE specs iPhone SE discussion See at Apple.com iOS 10 news Reader comments Should you upgrade your iPhone SE for double the storage? 24 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating libra89 Thanks for this Lory! I have had a 16gb SE for almost a year now, and I'm on the fence. I'm not sure how much storage I have left but I haven't felt like I was struggling with it at all. I have a rose gold SE that is so pretty but occasionally I have wished that I could change the color to silver because that appears more like a blank canvas to me, and it appears to go with more cases. Upgrading would be a great out but I do have Applecare+ and I hope that I wouldn't have to buy it again. I'm not sure if changing color is worth it enough to convince myself to upgrade. 0 1 day ago Reply Lory Gil If you decide to go for the upgrade, you should consider using the iPhone Upgrade Program iPhone Trade-in Program. 2 1 day ago Reply tnt4 Sorry, I posted this below but should've posted it here: "The iPhone Upgrade Program only applies to their flagship, which is the 7 and 7 Plus right now. I'm not finding anywhere showing that has changed. Please correct me if I'm wrong as I'd love to be able to get the SE on the Upgrade Program..." 0 1 day ago Reply Lory Gil I stand corrected. The iPhone SE is currently not available as part of the iPhone Upgrade Program, though it can be replaced through Apple's Trade-in Program. Thanks for asking me to clear that up. 0 1 day ago Reply tnt4 Thanks for responding and clearing it up! 0 1 day ago Reply libra89 I used that program to get my original SE. I like the idea that I get some off and also get rid of the old iPhone all in one step. 0 20 hours ago Reply masaoota The 32gb is the same price as the 16gb but i think the larger storage option has increased in price in the move from 64gb to 128 gb. Last week 64gb was £429 and now 128 gb is £479. As the storage costs apple very little this may well increase margins for them. 0 1 day ago Reply sladyrko I would not. Will wait to see if they will release an updated version this year (camera, processor). This little thing with the iPhone 7 Plus camera will be a total beast! :) 0 1 day ago Reply DragonPoo As much as I hope this would happen, I doubt it'll be any time soon. It seems like Apple is making the SE model to simply retain customers who aren't willing to move to a larger device. 0 1 day ago Reply SteveW928 I agree. Actually, I'd guess it was a bit of a 'save face' move, as they realized they messed up by dropping the 4" altogether, so killed two birds with one stone in bringing out a 4" 'budget' model. 0 1 day ago Reply DragonPoo Only in Apple-land can a $400 phone be considered a "budget" model. 0 1 day ago Reply SteveW928 No doubt. And, a heck of a lot more here in Canada. I think I paid over $700 for my SE. (though better than over $1k for a 7, especially since I didn't want a phone that big anyway) 0 1 day ago Reply CylonJason Yeah it's just too bad they didn't update the processor and camera too. 1 1 day ago Reply SteveW928 Drat, I could have saved $100 USD if I'd have waited a bit longer. (32 GB would have been fine, but I went with 64) Since I'll probably have to be sending it back, though (WiFi is flaky and the camera sometimes doesn't work), I wonder which model I'll get back? 0 1 day ago Reply DragonPoo Probably a refurbished 64GB version. ;) 0 1 day ago Reply SteveW928 Probably right... and probably safer than getting a new 128GB (given my experience with new vs refurb) 1 1 day ago Reply DragonPoo I have found that manufacturer refurbished devices are just as reliable as new; even more so because they go through extra testing. (not so for other refurbs, cough, groupon) 0 1 day ago Reply SteveW928 Yes, that has been my experience as well, though it is fairly limited to Apple. I've had ZERO issues with Apple refurbs, but have had a couple of issues with brand new Apple products. (Note: That's over the last decade or so. I seldom (never personally) had an issue with a new Apple product up until then, and I've been a customer for about 30 years now, and have bought a LOT of stuff... personal, business, and for teams of people.) 0 1 day ago Reply DragonPoo I've had standard experiences with basically every manufacturer I've purchased devices from. So far, Apple soured my taste to their tech support and policies about Apple Care. Dell has them beat, with refurb quality, and support for them. 0 1 day ago Reply SteveW928 Apple's support has slipped a lot in the last decade or so. It used to be over-and-above.... now it's just pretty good (in comparison to many other retailers). I'll keep that in mind (re: Dell) if I decide to switch platforms. 0 1 day ago Reply Seeker77 I'd probably upgrade to a 128GB SE if they didn't cost $829 AUD ($635 USD). 0 1 day ago Reply AdamHunterATC I have a 64GB model right now, which is more than enough for me for now. I have about 22GB free. Maybe my next upgrade, whenever that will be, will be a 128GB model. 1 22 hours ago Reply masaoota Had to buy a new phone just after this announcement. Still prefer the small form factor of the 5S / SE. 16 and 32 GB not enough but 64 GB sufficient so managed to get a 64 GB for a decent price while stocks last rather than the extra £ 50 that a 128 GB would have cost. I'm hoping this spec bump means Apple sees a long term future in smaller sized phones with decent specs and that we might see a brand new model in September or next year. 0 16 hours ago Reply taife32 The 64GB version here costs ZAR8500 (US$676) so it might help the SE people if the 128GB comes in at the same price. Sent from the iMore App 0 6 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 29° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley Springfield Central News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All News Apple's new iPhone colour feels like a blast from the past Margi Murphy and Dan Jones, The Sun | 22nd Mar 2017 11:19 AM 0 PRINT Have your say Use this content Popular Stories Seven hospitalised in wet weather prang New ED boss primed for Ipswich challenge Qld mum told 5yo to pack 'frozen juice pouch' in lunchbox Local Real Estate Subscribe Now APPLE has launched its new iPhone in a shade of brilliant red to raise money for AIDS. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in a vibrant red aluminium finish - first made famous in the iPod mini and Nano.   Apple + (RED) = iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition pic.twitter.com/zWkgH8jgpJ— (RED) (@RED) March 21, 2017 Proceeds will be put toward providing access to lifesaving ARV medication in sub-Saharan Africa, through charity RED, The Sun reports. It will be available for sale in Australia from March 25. An Apple spokesman said: "Apple today announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus RED Special Edition in a vibrant red aluminium finish, in recognition of more than 10 years of partnership between Apple and (RED). "This gives customers an unprecedented way to contribute to the Global Fund and bring the world a step closer to an AIDS-free generation." The announcement came as a shock to industry experts, who were expecting the rumoured new iPhone 7 to launch at Apple's annual Spring event. It's also announced a brand new iPad which is cheaper than the iPad Air 2. It comes with a 9.7" display and 10-hours battery life with up to 128GB storage. It will also release an iPhone SE -- the most powerful phone with a four-inch display -- with 32GB and 128GB, double what's already available. It will be also be available for sale on March 25. Apple drove down price using an older chip than the iPhone 7 - but it has enough power to run everything you'd want on a tablet. Those hoping for the iPhone 8, tipped to be called iPhone Edition, shouldn't hold their breath. The tenth anniversary iPhone is expected to be released in September. Luckily, there are a lot of rumours to slake tech fans' appetites - and now even some images which are an educated guess about what the phone will look like. WHAT YOU WANT TO KNOW The iPhone 7 RED Special Edition will be available in 128GB and 256GB models starting at AUD$1229 inc. GST   Both editions will be available on March 25 in Australia, with shipping expected in April.   An iPhone SE version with 32GB and 128GB will also be available on March 25.   apple Read More Login to follow iphone Read More Login to follow technology Read More Login to follow Topics:  apple iphone technology 0 PRINT Have your say Just In Travis Collins, Keith Urban win big at CMC Music Awards Aussie Mr Nice Guy in for the kill Aussie among dead in London terror attack Benji set to make way for booming Bronco Miller on why coalminers and families 'bleed black' Bruce Hwy police chase sparks traffic gridlock Top Stories Two Ipswich councillors called for CCC hearing Tully and Silver served notices to appear on Wednesday, April 19 News Comment Travis Collins, Keith Urban win big at CMC Music Awards Miller on why coalminers and families 'bleed black' Percy Verrall is in constant chest pain and struggles to walk Ipswich to host CMC Rocks for 'at least another three years' Country music festival will stay at Willowbank Raceway until 2020 GREEN LIGHT: Bunnings plans another warehouse in region Construction of a hardware superstore is in planning stages Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On REVEALED: Four new food hubs destined for Silkstone They include a cheese wall, burritos, sushi and baked goods TripAdvisor and Council partner in new tourism magazine Copies home delivered, featuring independent reviews of top sites Witches, wizards and magical creatures to light up Ipswich Ping pong is back on the table for Springfield New $6M multipurpose hall for Springfield Central High Ipswich music event set for revamp after poor turn out VIDEO: Bullmastiffs 'great family pets' Tribute to Australian rock superstars comes to Springfield Tribute to Aussie Rock legends CMC Rocks is just the ticket for Eric Paslay Country music singer is touring overseas for the first time. CMC Rocks: Changed traffic conditions ahead of festival How to get to Australia’s biggest country music event Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC Travis Collins, Keith Urban win big at CMC Music Awards LEE Kernaghan was also inducted into the CMC Hall of Fame during tonight's glittering awards ceremony on the Gold Coast. Meet the woman dressing country music's rising stars CINDY Vogels is helping emerging artists dress to impress. Morgan Evans opens up about his CMC love story SINGER returns from Nashville to host tonight's CMC Music Awards. What's on the big screen this week DISNEY'S remake of Beauty and the Beast opens to rave reviews. MKR recap: Josh and Amy figure out how to get along THEY’RE the couple we love to hate, but something changed tonight. Mariah’s making a movie we probably don’t need Mariah Carey is making animated movie ready for Christmas. CMC Rocks is just the ticket for Eric Paslay Country music singer is touring overseas for the first time. Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 76 Fairneyview-Fernvale Road, Fernvale 4306 House 4 2 2 $319,000 neg TWO LARGE SEPARATE LIVING AREAS with EXTRA HIGH CEILINGS & A/C COMFORT FENCED & GATED IN ELEVATED BREEZY LOCATION OF POPULAR ESTATE CLOSE TO SHOPPING CENTRE... 24 Poores Road, Mutdapilly 4307 Rural 2 1 2 $650,000... Location is the big plus with this acreage property with frontage onto the Cunningham Highway and being situated in the high growth area of Ipswich and surrounds. 2682 Cunningham Highway, Willowbank 4306 Rural 3 2 10 $759,000... “Runnymede Lodge” Location! Location!! Being only 5 minutes to Ipswich, 3 minutes to Willowbank Raceway, 5 minutes to Amberley Air Base and 45-50 minutes to... 223 Andrews Dip Road, Anduramba 4355 3 1 3 Auction 12/4/17 Sitting proudly on the hill, with uninterrupted views over the valley, this 3 bedroom home is surrounded by 160 acres of improved pastures, perfect for running... 39 Canning Street, North Ipswich 4305 House 3 1 2 $335,000... If you have a passion for the past, this fine vintage home built in the late 1800's will certainly be to your liking. You will be enchanted by the nostalgic charm... 13 Caladenia Street, Deebing Heights 4306 House 4 2 2 $429,000 This stunning brand new contemporary home will defiantly impress those wanting more than your average property. With the striking facade and high front portico... 23 Greenway Circuit, Mount Ommaney 4074 Town House 4 2 2 Auction 07/04/2017... This contemporary townhouse is located in one of Brisbaneâs best residencies. With all the amenities you would normally associate with a luxury resort this home... 9 Cotton Street, East Ipswich 4305 House 2 1 2 AUCTION 31/3/17 The home has been in the family for a number of years & now with the affairs sorted it is time to sell the property. So here is your chance to get into the market... 4 & 6 Wilson Court, Brassall 4305 House 3 1 1 $269,000 Here is a great opportunity to get into investment market as two great investment properties hit the market. It will be your decision, you can buy one or the... 5 Lipizzaner Place, Pine Mountain 4306 House 5 2 6 $735,000 Designed by the current owners and built by one of the most acclaimed Ipswich builders, this 2 1/2 year old brick and colourbond home sitting on a flat 3500m2... GREEN LIGHT: Bunnings plans another warehouse in region Construction of a hardware superstore is in planning stages Large block next to shopping centre on the market The owner is keen to sell the 7082sq m vacant block at 180 Eagle St 'Dangerous precedent': Beachfront tree clearing rejected BREAKING: Beachfront residents' bold bid to improve views fails Couple ditch Springfield for $350 million rural lifestyle “To purchase a block the same size would be double the price here" It's official: Byron Bay unaffordable Buying a home in Bay Bay is a dream too far for some Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2017. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. News Corp Australia Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) The Latest: EU security chief sees link with Brussels attack State Sen. Robert Ortt arraigned in AG's campaign finance probe A.M. Roundup: Does the GOP have the votes to pass its health Man convicted in $1 million property scam to be sentenced News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Sun rises on a chilly day in Albany area Lawmakers want Flynn's records Crews battle fire, ice, wind at Schenectady apartment building Albany named one of the 10 hottest cities for millennials Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Islanders rally to topple Rangers Offense absent for Devils Remaining teams highlight academics Selfless Mulvey gets praise Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Photos: Siena career fair KeyBank donates $2 million, remains optimistic amid Wall Street Niskayuna Co-op manager resigning Banks tank, stocks slump Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Picks of the week New on DVD: 'Sing' beastly fun; 'Robocop' sequels a little rusty Who's coming here soon Muppet with autism to be welcomed soon on 'Sesame Street' Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Sipping: Wine pick of the week Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews 14 places where you can have a business lunch Deeds & Deals Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Sen. Rob Ortt pleads not guilty to three felony charges Sneak Peek at Great Flats Brewing Abelove asks court to overturn Cuomo order, end AG probe A.M. Roundup: Does the GOP have the votes to pass its health TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Two Capital Region families channel grief of infant loss into Albany synagogues unite to give back Editorial: An unhealthy care act Broadway-bound musical has local connection Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Hey millennials! Albany is for you. Architects, designers, recognized for work Local real estate broker steps up ‘welcome’ ‘Downsizing for seniors’ at the Meadows at Glenwyck, Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings High-value Honest Weight Co-op coupons coming Thursday Ring in New Year’s Eve on a budget with these money-saving Tips for hosting a Super Bowl party on a budget Amazon: 50% off Crocs for the family, today only MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Apple-cuts-iPad-prices-unveils-red-iPhones-11018524.php Apple cuts iPad prices, unveils red iPhones Highly anticipated update to Pro tablet not part of new releases Anick Jesdanun, Associated Press Published 9:57 pm, Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Photo: Apple Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 This photo provided by Apple shows the family of iPads, from left, the iPad mini 4, the new iPad, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 12.9-inch one, along with the Apple Pencil. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Apple cut prices on two iPad models and introduced red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. (Apple via AP) ORG XMIT: NYBZ274 less This photo provided by Apple shows the family of iPads, from left, the iPad mini 4, the new iPad, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 12.9-inch one, along with the Apple Pencil. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Apple cut ... more Photo: Apple Apple cuts iPad prices, unveils red iPhones 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn't materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through news releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn't have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. Most Popular 1 Bill sets new goals for NASA 2 Saratoga Springs moms appear on FOX & Friends 3 Troopers: Mom drove drunk, crashed car with toddler inside 4 Albany named one of the 10 hottest cities for millennials 5 '26' cap tags a sticky issue in bitter Momentive strike aftermath 6 The Latest: China, Australia leaders discuss London attack 7 Alleged drug dealer sought by U.S. Marshals, reward offered View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 March 2017 by Military News Apple to Manufacture iPhone SE Models in India Following Stagnant Smartphone Sales Growth in China Shenzhen, Guangdong — (SBWIRE) — 03/21/2017 — India is in possession of great potential for smartphone handsets considering it having the second largest population in the world. Knowing that the sale for its smartphone in Asia’s other massive market like China has become stagnant, Apple Inc has decided to switch its focus from China to India in order to boost market share in the world’s fastest growing major mobile market. In the coming month, Apple Inc will start to assemble its lower-priced iPhone SE models at a contract manufacturer’s plant in the southern Indian technology hub of Bengaluru. The iPhone SE (iPhone Special Edition) was unveiled on March 21, 2016 at Apple’s Cupertino headquarters and was released on March 31, 2016. As a successor to iPhone 5S, iPhone SE possesses a screen of 4-inch size, and is largely identical to 5S in design. Among various iPhone models available on the market including the latest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE is charged at the lowest price. However, in India, the price of iPhone SE is not the lowest one when compared with that of many smartphones (Samsung brand, Xiaomi brand, Vivo brand, etc.). Those smartphones are sold below 15,000 rupees ($225) while the entry-level iPhone SE are priced at 28,433 rupees ($424) in India. According to a reliable source, Apple’s Taiwanese manufacturing partner Wistron Corp is setting up a plant in Bengaluru to focus solely on assembling iPhones. By assembling iPhones in India, Apple aims not only to make up the stagnant iPhone sales in China, but to boost its share in the world’s fastest growing major mobile market, where is dominated by handsets far cheaper than Apple’s iPhones. To recover share in India’s mobile market, Apple has to make a compromise in iPhone pricing. To lower price for iPhone SE, Apple has been seeking to set up local production and has been in talks with the Indian federal government regarding issues such as tax concessions. The iPhone SE is highly cost effective, and many people will find the 4-inch size screen gadget handy. Compared with iPhone 5S and iPhone 6S, iPhone SE has been greatly improved in hardware updates including an updated processor, a rear camera, and support for iOS 9 software features, etc. People in India might stand a good chance to buy iPhone SE at a preferential price once tax concessions policy is approved by the Indian federal government. Those who have recently purchased iPhone SE could utilize an iPhone data transfer program to transfer data from an old iPhone to a new one, such as to transfer text messages between two iPhones, transfer photos/music files/contacts from old iPhones to new iPhones, etc. About Yuson Zou Yuson Zou is a full-time and professional multimedia software editor, specializing in video, audio, DVD, Blu-ray converting and editing field. Mr. Zou has rich knowledge in products like Blu-ray/DVD Ripper, Player, Copy, Creator, Video Converter and Downloader, and he is now an editor-in-chief from Leawo Software, a multimedia software developer dedicated to providing practical and useful software products and services to worldwide media fans. For more information about Yuson Zou, please visit https://www.facebook.com/yuson.zou. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsheadquarters, major, Markets, Music, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Business Intelligence Market Growing at a CAGR of 21.1% During 2016 to 2021 – ReportsnReports Next PostNext Ipandarea Presents Its Exclusive Collection of Designer Panda Bags Search Recent Posts Smartphone Satisfaction Higher as Customer Homes Become More Connected, J.D. Power Finds LinearHub to Participate in Enterprise Connect 2017 for Entry into US Markets SS&C Announces Revolutionary Client Communications Platform, Vision FI MetTel Brings in Former Ingram, BT Global Services Channel Executive to Expand Business Partner Ecosystem EXFO honored by 2017 Lightwave Innovation Reviews Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Misc Handhelds  »  Feature Everything you need to know about Apple's surprise new devices by Elissa Loi  |  Wednesday 22 March 2017  | Comment Now iPhones, iPads, and Watch bands, oh my. Apple generally has huge, Tim Cook-fronted events when it launches new devices but today, when Apple.com went dark, there was a sense that perhaps something new was being snuck out of Cupertino. Sure enough, when the site reappeared it was adorned with new iPhones, iPads and Watch straps. Yes, we're talking fairly minor tweaks rather than world-changing new tech, but there are some useful little updates here. Looking for a quick catch-up on all of the changes? We've got you covered. IPHONE 7 AND IPHONE 7 PLUS SEE RED The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus now come in a shade of fetching red. They join the existing family of (PRODUCT)RED products that are specially created to raise funds for fighting HIV/AIDS. Like the idea of buying a phone that helps fight disease but not so keen on the scarlet visage? Apple's also launched its silicone and leather cases in a host of new colours: azure, camellia and pebble, taupe, sapphire and berry.  IPHONE SE DOUBLES UP ON STORAGE The littlest iPhone now comes with more storage than ever. Gone are the 16GB and 64GB variants - instead, say hello to the new 32GB and 128GB ones. Thankfully (and perhaps a little surprisingly) prices haven't increased along with the storage. IPADS GET STREAMLINED The iPad Air is dead. Its replacement? Simply 'iPad'. This is fundamentally the same tablet, albeit with a processor upgrade to the A9, a slight increase in brightness and a price drop - though we're waiting on Australian pricing. The iPad Mini 4 doesn't get a new processor but it has had its storage increased to 128GB as standard. In fact, that's the only storage option now available for the Mini.  NEW APPLE WATCH BANDS GALORE Because it's spring and Apple Watch follows the fashion calendar, you get new colour choices in practically every Apple Watch category: Sport, Woven Nylon in fresh patterns, Classic Buckle, and even Hermès. We're particularly fond of that Bleu Zéphyr Epsom leather. Plus, you can buy Nike Sport Bands for the first time. Here are all the fancy new bands you can buy for your Apple Watch.  APPLE WANTS YOU TO CREATE CLIPS It’s not all hardware. Software gets some love in the form of Clips, an app that will let you easily create videos using photos, videos, and music. It also features something called Live Tiles which will allow you to create animated captions using your voice. Of course, you can expect the mandatory special effects and stickers for embellishment.   Clips will be available for free from the start of April. SWIFT PLAYGROUNDS LEARNS NEW LANGUAGES When it was first announced at WWDC last year, Apple's Swift Playgrounds, which teaches you how to code, was only available in English. Now, though, it's being rolled out in Simplified Chinese, French, German, Japanese, and Latin American Spanish.  Coding knows no borders. Related Articles Liveblog: Microsoft E3 Event - Halo 4, Smartglass, South Park and no new Xbox Liveblog: EA's 'The Download' - Sim City, pro-sports and Warfighter New screens from Dishonored - cloak, dagger and magic! Wargaming.net announces unified gaming service, and World of Battleships trailer Meeting the real Warfighters: A Medal of Honor day out Source: Copyright © Stuff.tv See more about:  apple  |  ipad  |  iphone  |  products  |  red   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Review: Panasonic Lumix GH5 mirrorless camera     US grand jury adds GIF to the list of deadly weapons     Review: Benq Zowie XL2540 e-Sports monitor     Australian Ghost Recon: Wildlands film takes a lighter look at the war on drugs     Apple iPad 9.7 (2017) vs Apple iPad Air 2: What's the difference?   More in Misc Handhelds (1 of 10 articles) FEATURE Everything you need to know about Apple's surprise new devices << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (2 of 10 articles) FEATURE 8 new features Android O will bring to your phone << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (3 of 10 articles) FEATURE What we know: Google Android O << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Android Devices pre-loaded with malware signal fault in supply chain << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (5 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Android Wear 2.0 << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Public phone charging could leave you vulnerable to 'Juice Jacking' << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Mobile advertising Trojans become top mobile malware threat in 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Google Daydream View << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Google Assistant comes to Android Nougat and Android Marshmallow << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Oculus adds a touch of Touch to Samsung's Gear VR << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   WIN! One of ten double passes to see Ghost in the Shell! Scarlett Johansen stars as a special forces cyborg in the first live-action adaptation of the seminal manga series.   Latest in Misc Handhelds News Hackers threaten to wipe iPhones following iCloud breach Review Review: Android Wear 2.0 Feature Everything you need to know about Apple's surprise new devices Gallery A Tale of Two Styluses From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How to clean install Windows 10 or upgrade from a previous version How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Australians could get faster broadband with more kerbside NBN connections Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Meet the finalists in the 2017 CRN Impact Awards 10 signs Apple is not the innovator it once was MuleSoft shares soar after IPO Why Australia Post ransomwared its own staff The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Rio Tinto engineer turns spare time into $44m Melbourne Uni turns to wi-fi to limit students to their own faculties TPG reverses brief iiNet customer exodus 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlefield 1 They Shall Not Pass DLC is more than a pass I want to love you, Ghost Recon: Wildlands – but holy balls you are a hot mess 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  High-End Smartphones  »  News Apple might bring AR features to the iPhone 8 by Clare Hopping  |  Wednesday 22 March 2017  | Comment Now Apple is also allegedly working on an AR headset to connect to the iPhone 8. Apple is planning to integrate AR into the iPhone 8, according to Bloomberg. Citing "people with knowledge of the company's plans", Bloomberg says this could take the shape of gaming, smartphone applications that merge real life with virtual lives or something completely new and innovative that remains to be seen. The tech giant has allegedly built a team comprising both hardware and software engineers to be run by a former Dolby Labs executive. Other members of the team include engineers active in the development of Oculus and HoloLens products, making it possibly one of the most knowledgeable AR teams in the world. READ NEXT: Spending on VR and AR to double this year Adding to its efforts are all the companies Apple has acquired in the AR space, 3D gaming and virtual reality software over the last few years. This experienced resource will hopefully come into fruition when the company launches its iPhone 8 later in the year. Bloomberg's sources said Apple is working on a whole portfolio of AR products, including a headset (described as digital spectacles), which would connect to the iPhone, transforming its content into virtual worlds. For this to happen, there would need to be software on the device, which manages that content. Related Articles Apple to drop Touch ID for larger display Apple fuels rumours of wireless charging for the iPhone 8 Apple 'ramping up' iPhone 8 production No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Everything you need to know about Apple's surprise new devices Source: Copyright © ITPro, Dennis Publishing See more about:  apple  |  augmented reality  |  iphone 8   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in High-End Smartphones (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung reveals Galaxy S8's Bixby AI engine << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple might bring AR features to the iPhone 8 << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Galaxy S8 to use facial recognition for payments << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (4 of 10 articles) NEWS This iPhone 7 Plus looks like it time traveled from 1987 << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Is Samsung's foldable phone almost here? << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung Galaxy S8 vs iPhone 7: Which phone should you opt for? << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Analyst predicts two Samsung Galaxy S8 variations << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple to drop Touch ID for larger display << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple to release THREE handsets this year << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (10 of 10 articles) FEATURE Oppo ups periscope to add 5x zoom tech to its phone cameras << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   WIN! One of ten double passes to see Ghost in the Shell! Scarlett Johansen stars as a special forces cyborg in the first live-action adaptation of the seminal manga series.   Latest in High-End Smartphones News Samsung reveals Galaxy S8's Bixby AI engine Review Review: Moto Z Play is more than its mods Feature Oppo ups periscope to add 5x zoom tech to its phone cameras Group Test Group Test: Smartphones Gallery How good is the LG G4's camera? A-list Product OnePlus3 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How to clean install Windows 10 or upgrade from a previous version How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Australians could get faster broadband with more kerbside NBN connections Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Meet the finalists in the 2017 CRN Impact Awards 10 signs Apple is not the innovator it once was MuleSoft shares soar after IPO Why Australia Post ransomwared its own staff The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Rio Tinto engineer turns spare time into $44m Melbourne Uni turns to wi-fi to limit students to their own faculties TPG reverses brief iiNet customer exodus 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlefield 1 They Shall Not Pass DLC is more than a pass I want to love you, Ghost Recon: Wildlands – but holy balls you are a hot mess 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Friday March 24, 2017 Life & Style Technology Larger / SmallerNight Mode Apple fans red with excitement over surprise new iPhone, iPad releases Richard Mcleish 22 Mar 2017, 11:17 a.m. Apple excites iPhone and iPad fans with an unexpected announcement. The red iPhone 7 will go on sale in Australia on March 25. Apple fans were jolted out of bed this morning when the tech giant dropped a crimson-shade filter over the technology world with the unexpected announcement of iPhone, iPad, app and accessory releases. Available in both 128GB and 256GB configurations, the special edition iPhone 7 (RED) is basically the same iPhone 7 but with a striking new red skin and an altruistic bent, with each purchase helping support HIV/AIDS prevention and research. The iPhone 7 with a 4.7-inch display will retail from $1229, while the iPhone 7 Plus with a 5.5-inches of screen starts from $1419. The iPad range has been consolidated, with an iPad Mini (4), a 9.7-inch iPad or iPad pro versions at 9.7- or 12.9-inches now on offer. The mid-spec new model is similar in size to the original iPad air but carries a more accessible price point of $469 for 32GB, or $599 for 128GB. The less-frills iPhone SE line is replacing the 16GB and 64GB with 32GB and 128GB options, while maintaining its starting price of $679. Other announcements include new Apple Watch bands in various guises and brands, as well as iPhone 7 cases. Breaking with their regular product announcement protocol, Apple quietly dropped the news on its website and spoke to only a handful of media outlets. Orders will start being accepted at 2.01am AEDT on Saturday. smh.com.au Latest News Bike back as another goes from its post After the terror, sanctuary under the Triforium of Westminster Abbey Motor vehicles are the terrorist's new weapon of choice, experts say British MP hailed 'absolute hero' for attempts to revive stabbed officer London attacker was British-born, previously investigated by MI5 Editor's Picks A gentle man who endured with dignity The Elf on the Shelf in the Hunter | PHOTOS Extra-supermoon rising this month | photos Popular Hearts are locked and loaded Searching for some Hunter hearts of gold A whole lotta love hearts A gentle man who endured with dignity Horse float for dogs and cats Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Hunter’s best restaurants in pictures | photos CHECK out the top picks from our Weekender diners. LOWEDOWN: Blog live with David Lowe READY to talk A-League? The former Socceroo will be taking questions from 1PM. Living with Lyme disease: The Hunter’s story Help us get Lyme disease recognised in Australia. Fairfax Front Pages: Thursday, March 23, 2017 Fairfax front pages from across the nation. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport 90Minutes Red and Blue HQ Tipping Competition Soccer NRL National Sport AFL Basketball Tournaments Racing Form Fishing Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Opinion Liz Love Eats Out Column of the Day GREG RAY: Pictures of the Past Community Events Photo Sales Competitions Find Local Products & Services Newspapers in Education Forms Local Business Feature The Man on the Street Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Hunter Health Kick Kilgour Prize Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Theatre Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive The Herald TV Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Acquires Workflow App and Developers, Makes Workflow Free Download Hackers Threaten to Wipe Out Millions of iCloud Accounts if Apple doesn't Pay $75K iPads, other Electronics Banned on Flights to US from Several Islamic Countries Tips How to Check Out Your Printer's Webpage (And Why You Might Want To!) Here's How To Protect Yourself From The iCloud Extortionists Podcasts Apple Loves Outdated Tech and Gives up on Social Media, Plus Electrified LEGO - ACM 403 Apple's New iPad, Extortionists Threaten iCloud - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-22 View All Results → HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick View All Reviews → Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath Apple Pays Zilch in New Zealand Taxes on $4.2 Billion in Sales View All Editorials → Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed John Martellaro @jmartellaro Mar 21st, 2017 2:29 PM EDT | Editorial A long time ago in this galaxy, Steve Jobs thought the 7-inch class iPad would be a bad idea. There wouldn’t be enough room to create great apps, he said. The rest of the tablet market jumped in anyway, and Apple just had to follow. Think education. But Mr. Jobs was right. The 7.9-inch experience wasn’t that great for anything but iOS. Phablets arrived. And so, I am expecting the eventual demise of Apple’s iPad mini. iPad mini 4. The last of its kind. (Image credit: Apple) There are trends in the consumer technology world that affect Apple whether or not the company thinks they fit in with a strategic vision. For example, if Apple thought the 7.9 inch iPad were a good idea and it has been selling well, we’d expect to see an iPad mini 5 soon. All things being equal. However, there are issues that interfere with that grand plan. For that, I need to digress. Remember What Steve Said? Remember when, in 2010, Steve Jobs declared that a 7=inch iPad would be a bad idea? Then two years later, Apple launched the iPad mini with a 7.9-inch display. As a refresher, here’s the backstory about the negative feelings by Mr. Jobs and the mini launch and how Apple’s Eddy Cue talked changed Mr. Jobs mind. My feeling at the time was that Apple’s competitors saw an opening. A smaller, less expensive tablet would be a great way to steal market share from Apple’s larger, much more expensive iPad. It worked. For awhile. Demise of the iPad mini Begins Two things probably weighed against the smaller iPads from Apple’s competitors. First, Apple’s brilliance, planning and excellent software engineering made iOS work on an 7.9-inch display. Not so much on competing products. Second, the rise of the phablet worked against the very market the 7-inch tablet was supposed to exploit. In other words, when you’re targeting a market where customers have limited funds, don’t expect them to buy both a large smartphone and a small tablet. One thing that worked against the iPad mini was its difficulty penetrating the education market. Just before it was released in 2012, most observers believed that it would have to sell in the US$200-$225 range to make serious inroads in secondary education. Apple’s launch price of $329 made that impossible. By and by, as a result, I think the world’s production capacity for the 7.9-inch display dwindled. I can’t prove this, yet, but it’s my strong suspicion. The result of that is that even if many Apple customers love the iPad mini, it’s getting harder and harder for Apple to sell them at a tidy profit. iPad mini Pricing Strategy This goes a long way towards explaining why the iPad mini 4 didn’t see a price decrease on March 21. By conflating a storage increase to 128 GB with its higher than desired OEM costs for the 7.9-inch panel, Apple keeps demand under control. It defers a decision about discontinuing a popular product and entices customers to move to a product with much greater panel (9.7-inch) availability. In addition, when the iPad mini launched in October 2012, it weighed 0.68 pounds, a small fraction of its bigger brother at 1.46 pounds. That was a big factor in the mini’s favor for many customers. The iPad announced on March 21 with a 9.7-inch display weighs 1.03 pounds. The difference isn’t nearly so great these days. With Apple offering iPhones at 5.5-inches now and perhaps even larger in the fall, the size advantage of the iPad mini also goes away in a market where customers are hard pressed to have a MacBook/Pro, an iPhone, an iPad Pro … and a iPad mini as well. All of this is just my surmise, but I think it tells the story of how it’s not always possible, given changes in the marketplace, production focus, and changing consumer product mixes to continue selling a popular product whose time has passed. R.I.P. stillborn iPad mini 5 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, iPad mini 10 Comments Add a comment brilor March 21, 2017 With only an adult household our situation is probably different from many. However, for the things we can’t/won’t do on our smartphone, we use a desktop Mac and don’t need/want a tablet. Also, I suspect many simply don’t need( or found their usage matches that described above ) a tablet upgrade. Apple’s extensive and confusing tablet lineup isn’t helping; possibly small, medium and large are sufficient assuming Apple pursues iPads. March 21, 2017 at 3:39 EDT PM wab95 March 21, 2017 John: I suspect that you are correct. In my household, no one ever wanted the iPad Mini, although at one point my wife considered it, as it would fit in her purse, but then dismissed it. My son once described the iPad Mini as Apple’s most useless product, but loves his 9.7″ iPad Air. @brilor: Not every product will fit with everyone’s work/play habits and needs. For me, the iPad Pro (9.7″) has become my must-have, go-to tool for a large fraction of my daily work; especially for meetings (like this morning in a colleague’s office) and conference calls where I need to take notes, follow slides by a presenter and pull up documents from the cloud. I find it a more enjoyable, faster and focussed experience on the iPad than on my MBP. I simply could not do that with ease on a Mini. And while I can do that on my MBP, it’s overkill, and less convenient to haul it to a meeting. In my view, this is what an iPad is made for, and then some. March 21, 2017 at 4:22 EDT PM jrguk March 21, 2017 The mini form factor is the perfect size for holding, reading from as a book, and carrying around. Turns out two of my colleagues (who it turns out are also iPad mini users) voiced the same opinion after seeing today’s new products. But none of us have or want supersize iPhone Plus, either. When they release iPad mini Pro I’ll buy one straight away. March 21, 2017 at 5:30 EDT PM RickF March 21, 2017 We are an electronic duo family for different reasons. As soon as the iPad mini arrived my wife went to it immediately. It was easily held, fit into mosy of her purses, and was the size of the multitude of paperbacks she reads continually. She loves it and nothing in the bigger iPads is of interest. It and the laptop Pro serve her needs along with a basic iPhone 6. I on the other hand use the iPad 9.7″ for 2/3 of my needs along with an iMac 27 and an iPhone 6s+. However, the iPhone 6s+ is beginning to serve more and more of the tasks once only done on the bigger iPad. But my personal needs will always best be filled by the larger iPad and a phone the size of the 6s+. We are not gamers or movie watchers on our electronics other then via AppleTV. March 21, 2017 at 7:40 EDT PM geoduck March 21, 2017 In my case i have an Air. It does most of what I want. But when I replace it, probably not for another year or two, it will most likely be with a Pro. Probably the 12″. So the Mini, while interesting, never grabbed my attention. I use every inch of the Air and I sure as heck don’t want to go smaller. March 21, 2017 at 8:26 EDT PM furbies March 21, 2017 My first proper iPad was the 1st Gen, and while I loved it, I found it was a bit on the large size for easy portability, and the 1st Gen kept up with most of what I wanted to do) But eventually as it got left behind by iOS updates, it got used less for web surfing. I still happily used it for iBooks and other less processor intensive stuff. I would look at the new iPad releases, and ponder if I should upgrade, but I couldn’t justify the prices…. (Sorry Apple, but you’re not cheap) When Apple released the iPad mini 4, I decided it was time to update and I haven’t regretted it. Sure the screen is smaller than the full sized iPad, but I can fit it in any bag, I can hold it one handed for reading, and I paired it with a ZAGG Keyboard / Case combo, which gives my mini both protection, and a usable (albeit smaller than regular sized) keyboard. And I know several friends who love their iPad mini for when they’re travelling. And if there’s stuff for which I really need screen real estate, I have a 15″ Macbook Pro, with a 23″ monitor attached. So, while the iPad mini may not be a big seller, there’ll always be a market for it. IMHO March 21, 2017 at 10:56 EDT PM mackintosh March 21, 2017 My wife still has a mini 2 from years ago. She went to it from her 9.7 in iPad for the same reason as RickF mentions. Its easier to carry in her purse and meets her eBook-fanatic needs perfectly. I on the other hand have struggled with the limitations of IOS on an iPad. I tried the 12.9 Pro for a while. It was also easier on my old eyes, but it also is limited by IOS. Two-tasking?? Give me a break…not good enough. Tried hard for a long time to work around the awkwardness of IOS and love the iPad but simply could not. These days, my iPad needs are better met with Apple’s macOS version of the iPad – the 12 inch MacBook. Love IOS on my iPhone, but hate it on an iPad. The Mini has the same real-estate as the 9.7 iPad. Yes everything is smaller but that ok. It’s not selling, along with the entire iPad line, because it is awkward for working. Great if you draw for a living but that’s about it. The market is flashing that reality in Apple’s face but they have chosen to close their eyes instead. If Apple made IOS more useful, I would bet the Mini would take off as the perfect small workable size “computer”. So would the other iPads. But of course, that would mean bringing IOS and macOS closer together and we can’t have that can we. March 21, 2017 at 11:30 EDT PM MarcusNewton March 21, 2017 I do have an iPad mini 4, but once I got an iPad Pro 12.9″ I hardly ever use it anymore. I think the main failure for the iPad mini actually resides in the failure of the iBooks. At roughly the same size as Amazon’s Kindle, the iPad mini should have been a mainstay for book lovers. Where the iPad 9.7 inch excels at webpages and movies, the iPad mini should have been a great book and magazine device. But the iPad’s glossy glass screen, okay battery life, and near uselessness outdoors made the Kindle king of digital books. The nightshift mode came too late to be of any help to the iPad mini. March 21, 2017 at 11:46 EDT PM ppartekim March 22, 2017 I never planned on buying a mini (too small for my day-day needs). But, it turns out to be the mini is perfectly sized for in-car use. Mounted on the dashboard it is perfect for navigation and entertainment and having the cellular connection means always a data connection. The 9.7″ is just too big (I tried) to find a place that does not block something. The mini just works and provides instant car-play without having to car manufacture to support it. 🙂 March 22, 2017 at 12:24 EDT PM JBSlough March 22, 2017 With three different sizes it’s not too different from the laptop lineup. With that said however I’d love Apple to build an iPad like the tablets on WestWorld March 22, 2017 at 5:48 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em Bob LeVitus | March 22, 2017 iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Bryan Chaffin | March 21, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $140.78 -0.64 (-0.45%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Acquires Workflow App and Developers, Makes Workflow Free Download Hackers Threaten to Wipe Out Millions of iCloud Accounts if Apple doesn't Pay $75K iPads, other Electronics Banned on Flights to US from Several Islamic Countries iTunes 12.6 Lets You Watch Rental Movies Across All Your Devices Here Are 14 New Apple Watch Bands Announced Tuesday Recent Tips See All » How to Check Out Your Printer's Webpage (And Why You Might Want To!) Here's How To Protect Yourself From The iCloud Extortionists You Can Get Auto Insurance Quotes From Facebook Messenger Tip: Easily Change Your iOS DNS Settings iCloud: Turning Off Desktop and Documents Syncing Recent Editorials See All » Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath Apple Pays Zilch in New Zealand Taxes on $4.2 Billion in Sales 13634 John Martellaro columns-opinions 10 1490106580 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Acquires Workflow App and Developers, Makes Workflow Free Download Hackers Threaten to Wipe Out Millions of iCloud Accounts if Apple doesn't Pay $75K iPads, other Electronics Banned on Flights to US from Several Islamic Countries Tips How to Check Out Your Printer's Webpage (And Why You Might Want To!) Here's How To Protect Yourself From The iCloud Extortionists Podcasts Apple Loves Outdated Tech and Gives up on Social Media, Plus Electrified LEGO - ACM 403 Apple's New iPad, Extortionists Threaten iCloud - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-22 View All Results → HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick View All Reviews → Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath Apple Pays Zilch in New Zealand Taxes on $4.2 Billion in Sales View All Editorials → Here Are 14 New Apple Watch Bands Announced Tuesday Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Mar 21st, 2017 2:36 PM EDT | Product News Apple launched several new Apple Watch bands Tuesday for Spring 2017. The collection includes new Striped Woven Nylon and Sport bands, standalone Nike Sport bands, and new flavors of Apple Watch Hermès bands. At the same time, Apple has sharply limited the number of out-of-the-box choices for new Apple Watch Series 2 purchases. Here’s what the new Apple Watch bands look like. Apple Watch Bands for Spring 2017 New Apple Watch Woven Nylon and Sport Bands The base collection includes: Sport in Pebble, Azure and Camellia Woven Nylon in Berry, Tahoe Blue, Orange, Red, Pollen, and Midnight Blue Classic Buckle with new buckle design in Sapphire, Berry, and Taupe New Apple Watch Striped Woven Nylon and Sport Bands Woven Nylon and Sport bands are US$49 each. The Classic Buckle band is $149. They’re available for order now. Standalone Nike+ Sport Bands Customers will now be able to buy the popular Apple Watch Nike + bands as a standalone option, rather than being bundled exclusively with the Nike + version of the device. Standalone options include: Anthracite/Black Pure Platinum/White Volt/Black Apple Watch Nike+ Standalone Bands Standalone Nike+ Sport bands are $49. They’re available for order now. Apple Watch Hermès Bands Apple continues its partnership with fashion brand Hermès, and four new straps under that label: 38mm Double Tour in Bleu Zéphyr Epsom leather 38mm Double Buckle Cuff in Fauve Barenia leather 42mm Single Tour in Lime Epsom leather 42mm Single Tour in Colvert Swift leather Apple Watch Hermès Straps The Single Tour straps are priced at $339. The Double Tour is $489, and the Double Buckle Cuff is $689. They’re available for order now. Fewer Out-of-the-Box Options In an interesting move, Apple also narrowed down the number of bands customers can choose out-of-the-box. AppleInsider noted that Apple Watch Series 2 devices now come with either Milanese Loop, Black Sport Band, or White Sport Band. Apple used to offer Woven Nylon options and other options out-of-the-box. The company didn’t announce this change, but a visit to Apple’s website shows those options as the only choice for new Apple Watches. The other straps are, however, still available as a standalone purchase, including various Woven Nylon, Classic Buckle, Leather Loop, and Link Bracelet Bands. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Apple Watch, Bands Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em Bob LeVitus | March 22, 2017 iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Bryan Chaffin | March 21, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $140.78 -0.64 (-0.45%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Acquires Workflow App and Developers, Makes Workflow Free Download Hackers Threaten to Wipe Out Millions of iCloud Accounts if Apple doesn't Pay $75K iPads, other Electronics Banned on Flights to US from Several Islamic Countries iTunes 12.6 Lets You Watch Rental Movies Across All Your Devices Here Are 14 New Apple Watch Bands Announced Tuesday Recent Tips See All » How to Check Out Your Printer's Webpage (And Why You Might Want To!) Here's How To Protect Yourself From The iCloud Extortionists You Can Get Auto Insurance Quotes From Facebook Messenger Tip: Easily Change Your iOS DNS Settings iCloud: Turning Off Desktop and Documents Syncing Recent Editorials See All » Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath Apple Pays Zilch in New Zealand Taxes on $4.2 Billion in Sales 13639 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1490106980 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Acquires Workflow App and Developers, Makes Workflow Free Download Hackers Threaten to Wipe Out Millions of iCloud Accounts if Apple doesn't Pay $75K iPads, other Electronics Banned on Flights to US from Several Islamic Countries Tips How to Check Out Your Printer's Webpage (And Why You Might Want To!) Here's How To Protect Yourself From The iCloud Extortionists Podcasts Apple Loves Outdated Tech and Gives up on Social Media, Plus Electrified LEGO - ACM 403 Apple's New iPad, Extortionists Threaten iCloud - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-22 View All Results → HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick View All Reviews → Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath Apple Pays Zilch in New Zealand Taxes on $4.2 Billion in Sales View All Editorials → iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Mar 21st, 2017 8:46 PM EDT | Editorial In the midst of me-too products unveiled Tuesday, Apple kept iPhone SE available, but eliminated the embarrassing 16GB storage option on the device. The move falls squarely in the middle of conflicting rumors that Apple would either upgrade it or kill it. Apple’s New iPhone SE 2017 iPhone SE 2017, Same as it Ever Was iPhone SE remains the device that it was, but with double the storage for the same price. The entry level device remains $399, but now comes with 32GB of storage. The second tier is still $449, but comes with 128GB of storage. Processor and other innards are unchanged and remain the same as iPhone 6S. Head Scratcher I’ve been scratching my head about this all day. On the one hand, I am delighted Apple nixed the 16GB storage option on iPhone SE. It was useless when it was announced in March, 2016, and I’m glad to see its backside. On the other hand, I grow ever more weary of Apple hanging on to old technology in its product line. If Apple continues to sell iPhone SE and introduces iPhone SE 2 (or whatever it might be called) at a media event in April, that’s one thing. I’ve long thought selling old models of iPhones at lower prices was an excellent way of addressing lower price points. I fear, however, that Apple is following the lead of iPad and Macintosh and plans on peddling old technology at new prices with the iPhone SE. If Apple was about to release an updated iPhone SE 2, the company would have lowered the price when it made the storage change. What’s even more likely is that Apple would have kept the original storage options and lowered the price. Less and Less with More and More I realize we won’t know until and if an iPad media event comes and goes without a new iPhone SE. Let’s follow the evidence, though, and examine Apple’s track record for the last few years. The company has simply grown comfortable with peddling old technology at new prices. Apple’s Mac product line has languished, and iPads aren’t faring any better. While I do expect new iPad Pro models in the next few weeks, Apple was clearly comfortable letting iPad Pro (12.9-inch) hit the 18 month-mark, just as it was comfortable letting iPad Air 2 get 18 months old before releasing iPad Pro (9.7-inch). And now it appears Apple will let iPhone SE age in a similar manner, turning it into another example of Apple doing less and less with more and more. Hopefully Apple will make me look the fool at a media event in the near future. But I’m not holding my breath. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, iPhone, iPhone SE 9 Comments Add a comment mackintosh March 21, 2017 Agreed. Apple has lost its innovation lead and now trails others who have not only caught up but are puling ahead. As examples, from Microsoft we have seen Surface Book and Surface Studio – like them or not, thy are intriguing devices. From Apple, we get new MacBooks – with a touch bar (really?) and recycled iPads. The leaves are turning brown in Apple’s garden from lack of nourishment. There are other eco-systems now that are equally as good. Today’s announcements had such promise. With such long-in-the-tooth products, Apple wasted another opportunity to refresh them. I’m not holding my breath either. Would not have expected me say this, but my next “Mac and iPad” will likely run a different OS. March 21, 2017 at 9:13 EDT PM geoduck March 21, 2017 Let’s not jump to conclusions. I think this was an appetizer. Something to get a bit of excitement going leading upon to the next event, (April?). The stuff announced today would have been a full keynote in other years. That they pushed these products off to a product announcement and web update says to me that bigger things are coming. There wasn’t room in the upcoming event for these small things. It makes me optimistic, for the first time in a long while, that Apple is going to wow us at the next event. March 21, 2017 at 9:53 EDT PM MarcusNewton March 22, 2017 Nothing says comfortable with selling old hardware at new prices like a full-priced Mac Pro at 1,189 days old, and the Mac mini at 887 days old. These are the first some-what new hardware products Apple has released since the awful October “hello, again” event; that is nearly 5 months of nothing. Apple went from “putting a dent in the universe” to “dipping our toe in the water”. These updates today are definitely “dipping our toe in the water” updates. Clearly, I am still grumpy. I am going to be extra grumpy if Apple waits until June to release a spec-bumped iMac when they could have updated it in February. I am assuming at this point that the delay means Apple will be using AMD’s new Ryzen processors in some iMacs and hopefully a new Mac mini. If Apple puts in Intel’s Kaby Lake processors that all the other manufacturers have been shipping since January, then I am going to be upset. March 22, 2017 at 12:08 EDT AM Pat Miller March 22, 2017 In short, Apple pretty much has lost its mojo. Such a shame. Nobody was a bigger fan of Apple than me, but I hardly even keep up with the news any more, much less obsess over the rumor mill. How I pine for the days when personal computing was fun, eagerly awaiting one more thing; or at least a rock solid, lustworthy upgrade. March 22, 2017 at 1:44 EDT AM mjtomlin March 22, 2017 What a bunch of whining! LOL Seriously. I’ve been an Apple user since the days of the Apple II so I’ve seen many different faces of Apple. Regardless of whether they Wow! The masses, Apple is in a much better position today, than they’ve ever been. If you can’t see that, then your just blind. Sure, we don’t have that Steve Jobs bling factor anymore, but Apple is trying to build a foundation for whatever they have coming next. If you’re too impatient to wait to see what that is, then move on. Who cares? Sorry, but I don’t care how long you’ve been a customer, no company owes YOU anything except to support their products for a reasonable amount of time. I’ve had my iMac since 2009 and it still runs great – no plans to replace it. And I’m assuming the next macOS probably won’t support it, but I’m okay with that – it’ll be 8 years old. I replaced my original iPad with the 9.7″ iPad Pro after 6 years, but even now, I still use the original iPad (on a very limited basis). I have an iPhone SE (it replaced an iPhone 6) – and no, I never expected Apple to update it every year. In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if they put it on a 2 to even 3 year upgrade cycle. Anyone who understands the market could clearly see that this device was to attract the holdouts – the people who didn’t want a larger phone, but they wanted something that wasn’t old. The SE, by all accounts and reviews, is still a very capable phone and will be for some time to come. March 22, 2017 at 7:14 EDT AM JustCause March 22, 2017 Sky is falling, the sky is falling… Death Knell #71 March 22, 2017 at 8:12 EDT AM skywatcher March 22, 2017 You meant $499 for the 128gb model! For $50, jumping from 32gb to 128gb would be a no-brainer. For $100, one has to think hard! March 22, 2017 at 9:19 EDT AM wab95 March 22, 2017 Bryan: I applaud your courage and consistency, despite some flak, in raising this issue. You were cited on Chuck Joiner’s MacVoices #17083 the other day, which featured Kelly Guimont amongst others, discussing the Echo vs Google Home vs Siri, as I’m sure you’re aware. I feel your pain, and acknowledge that Apple’s apparent productivity has fallen behind expectations, at least amongst enthusiasts and those who follow the industry writ large. That said, as a lay if not novice cum dilettante industry observer, a status to which I readily concede, I am also aware that Apple remain consistent in moving to their own beat and proceeding at their own pace, without discombobulation from critics, including the user base. Not to be an apologist, but bring into perspective a sense of context for any verdict on Apple’s performance; how often have we seen companies throw everything at the wall, see what sticks, and then get cited for ‘brilliance’ and getting ahead of Apple (think larger phone screens)? How often have we seen a new technology, not quite mature but commercialisible if one can accept a non-uniform and suboptimal user experience, rolled out by a competitor and Apple to come in later with a fuller, more elaborate version of the same that not only provides a consistent user experience, but pushes the entire platform further (think Apple Pay and Touch ID)? Finally, how often have we seen Apple ignore an entire product line despite the industry tripping over itself to put these on the market, only to see Apple come out with what appears to be a different product, but one that addresses that niche (think netbooks vs the iPad)? I offer one simple, and perhaps wrong, unifying thought. Nonlinearity. What is that? The path that progress invariably follows. I have some sympathy for platform builders who, at some point, indeed multiple points in their venture if it is sustained, encounter an apparent plateauing effect in their rate of change or apparent development until the necessary technological development, infrastructure or solution to a roadblock is found or made available. I have encountered this personally in my own profession when building a competitive research platform. There are periods of apparent marked progress and growth, and periods of relative apparent quiescence in which most of the growth is in-house, beneath of the bonnet of detection, but essential nonetheless if one is to get to that next stage of proficiency and capability. When I look at Apple, I no longer see, nor have I seen in quite some time, a company that produces disparate products, like the Mac Pro, the Time Capsule, the MacBook Air, the iPhone, or any specific piece of software or service, but a company that is building a platform, each component of which must push that platform forward or else it’s dead wood insofar as resource expenditure is concerned, and a platform that is no stronger or more competitive than its weakest link. And while I don’t pretend to have any insights as to where that platform is going or should go, I am convinced of two things; that it is directional and that there are legacy components that are no longer essential to its integrity and strength, as there are offerings on the market that can be accommodated within that platform. All this is to say, simply, that my expectations have evolved, as I’ve watched this company evolve, from a product-centric to a platform-encompassing perspective, in anticipation of how the next product or service will fit and carry that platform forward. Nor can I escape the conviction that a product-centric expectation from this company will lead to disappointment, if not sense of betrayal and ultimately a sense of disaffection and apathy. As I said, that is my subjective and lay perspective. March 22, 2017 at 11:20 EDT AM d'monder March 22, 2017 The company has simply grown comfortable with peddling old technology at new prices. Remember what that did for General Motors. March 22, 2017 at 5:37 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em Bob LeVitus | March 22, 2017 iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Bryan Chaffin | March 21, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $140.78 -0.64 (-0.45%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Acquires Workflow App and Developers, Makes Workflow Free Download Hackers Threaten to Wipe Out Millions of iCloud Accounts if Apple doesn't Pay $75K iPads, other Electronics Banned on Flights to US from Several Islamic Countries iTunes 12.6 Lets You Watch Rental Movies Across All Your Devices Here Are 14 New Apple Watch Bands Announced Tuesday Recent Tips See All » How to Check Out Your Printer's Webpage (And Why You Might Want To!) Here's How To Protect Yourself From The iCloud Extortionists You Can Get Auto Insurance Quotes From Facebook Messenger Tip: Easily Change Your iOS DNS Settings iCloud: Turning Off Desktop and Documents Syncing Recent Editorials See All » Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath Apple Pays Zilch in New Zealand Taxes on $4.2 Billion in Sales 13662 Bryan Chaffin columns-opinions 9 1490129201 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Festival Season Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Greatest of All Time News Music Festivals Dance Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Latin Rock Broadway K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Apple Releases (PRODUCT)RED iPhone To Benefit Global Fund to Fight AIDS 3/21/2017 by Andy Gensler , Associated Press FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Courtesy of Apple      The tech company also cut prices on its lower-end iPads. Apple today introduced new red-colored iPhone 7 and 7 Plus as its (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition iPhone commemorating its 10 year partnership with (RED), the philanthropic initiative to eradicate AIDS. For each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to the (RED) Global Fund. (RED) provides access to life-saving HIV/AIDS programs in sub-Saharan Africa, which is home to more than two thirds of the world’s HIV-positive population. One hundred percent of all money raised by (RED) goes directly to Global Fund HIV/AIDS grants that provide testing, counseling, treatment and prevention programs with a specific focus on eliminating transmission of the virus from moms to their babies. Since it was founded in 2006, (RED) has generated more than $465 million for the Global Fund, with more than $130 million from Apple alone. “Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today’s lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s ceo, in a statement. “The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (PRODUCT)RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED), and we can’t wait to get it into customers’ hands.” “Apple is the world’s largest corporate donor to the Global Fund, contributing more than $130 million as part of its partnership with (RED),” said Deborah Dugan, (RED)’s ceo, in a statement. “Combining the global reach of the world’s most loved smartphone with our efforts to provide access to life-saving ARV medication in sub-Saharan Africa, customers now have a remarkable opportunity to make a difference and contribute to the Global Fund through the purchase of this new beautiful (PRODUCT)RED iPhone.” The new red iPhones are expected by the end of the month; advance orders will start on Friday (March 24). NEW PRODUCTS: The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. The iPad Air 2 is being replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE The company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn't materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn't have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday's announcement makes it "even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now - the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind." The processor in the new standard-size iPad, for instance, is akin to what's in the iPhone 6S from 2015. The Mini's processor is even older. DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren't upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. Far from holding a clearance sale, Vela said Apple is merely taking advantage of lower prices for older components. And Apple might be able to preserve higher profit margins by pushing people into a model with four times the storage, or 128 gigabytes; the extra storage costs Apple far less than the extra $100 that model sells for, Vela said. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet announcement by nearly a month, though Samsung's Android-based Galaxy Tab S3 doesn't actually start selling until this Friday, for $600. Vela doesn't consider it a serious threat to Apple. Even though the Tab S3 is more in line with iPad Pros in quality, Vela said people tend to buy Samsung tablets as media-consumption devices, something they can do with the cheaper iPads. Samsung also has two Windows 10 tablets coming. Called the Galaxy Book, the Windows devices are more likely to challenge Microsoft's Surface than iPads. Microsoft is due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
Apple struggles to make a connection | Bangkok Post: opinion News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More OPINION Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY opinion homepage Opinion View latest View by columnist Postbag Online poll Most commented Expat forum Opinion > Opinion Apple struggles to make a connection James Hein IT professional Mail 22 Mar 2017 at 04:00 NEWSPAPER SECTION: LIFE 3,352 viewed0 comments - + There is a rumour that Apple could be replacing its Lightning Port on the 10th-anniversary iPhone with the popular USB-C alternative. I don't believe it. USB-C is too popular, and Apple has a habit of going its own way with connectors and other items. Apple has long been anti-standards when it comes to their devices, and, while it would be a good thing, they have invested too much in their proprietary Lightning connectors to let them go. So even if they did adopt USB-C it would be an Apple-only version, requiring Apple-specific cables and chargers. Sure, Apple could come up with a Lightning-to-USB cable of some kind, but that would be too easy. It did look like the next iPhone will have a curved OLED screen, supplied by Samsung, but that rumour was also squashed because of "production issues". Other rumours include wireless charging, IP68 waterproofing and no Home button. Either way, first there will be some updated iPhone 7s with some better insides before the iPhone 8 is released. In other Apple news, remember that report about not being able to use a third party to change your iPhone screen? Apple has announced that they are walking back on this and some non-Apple servicing will now be allowed, even for warranty servicing, except for screens. If under warranty and the screen is damaged while undergoing third party repair, then the warranty is void. Outside of warranty is now an open market. This week's phone tip for any brand or model: If your battery-life indicator is not behaving as expected -- ie, it suddenly jumps from 75% left to 25% -- then here is the universal reset fix. First let your phone drain down until it turns itself off. You can check by turning it back on and seeing if it shows a dead battery picture then shuts down again. Next charge the phone to 100% while off. Then start the phone and make sure it shows 100%. The battery-percentage figure should now be recalibrated. Note that this process doesn't make the battery last longer, as some claim, but the same process does also work for tablets. Another tip is to recharge regularly as a top-up process, and not let the battery drain to zero too often. Anyone who's ever worked on a help desk will have some amusing stories. One that recently caught my eye was about a user who inserted a floppy disk and couldn't figure how to get it out. Some will remember the touch buttons; others, the ones you had to push with force to eject. This was the latter. To facilitate the process, the user melted butter and poured it into the slot, then used a pair of pliers to pull the disk. Soon the unit started to smell and stopped working. After repair, the floppy was still readable, and the drive worked just fine. Does anyone remember Scott McNealy? He was originally in charge of Sun Microsystems but is now in charge of a marketing firm. He is telling anyone who will listen that your data is safer with marketers than with the government, and while this might be true, consider the source. Marketers should be using any captured info to target ads to your device. It has taken a long, long time, but Dungeons & Dragons is going digital, as in a digital toolkit for players and Dungeon Masters. This would reduce the need to flip back and forth to check damage, monster stats, who has what spell, and so on. Yes, there are still people who play D&D, and yes, it will be available for mobile devices. There is something in the water in California. A year ago, under Obama, advocates were pushing for a 1GB-per-second backbone throughout San Francisco. Now, under Trump, they are pushing against it, presumably because they just don't like the new administration. Same technology, same costs, but because of politics it's suddenly no longer attractive, which is just plain weird. A quick reminder for any budding business analysts: When a major information provider in the system is not consulted, don't be surprised if the system doesn't work well. This is exactly what occurred in Australia when Centerlink didn't consult with the Tax Department on a debt-matching system that resulted in a huge number of false flags and a gross overestimation of any debt. According to the fraud prevention service Cifas in the UK, identity fraud has reached its highest recorded levels, being more than 50% of all reported fraud in that nation. Most of the fraud was financial, with applications for services like loans. Beware of phishers. James Hein is an IT professional of over 30 years' standing. You can contact him at jclhein@gmail.com. RECOMMENDED STORIES Clean water key in a superbug age Trump's own Muslim statements are his worst enemy 2303op-PostBag Chaiyapoom case deserves truth, justice Principle of law applies to the big fish, too Open data policy the key to success Propose a deal with Beijing Take a right turn Happy nations don't only focus on economic growth Most Viewed 9,028 The more things change 8,614 Political fallout from the ... 8,582 Petty drug users should not be ... 8,301 Valuable lessons from falling ... 5,576 Easy on the eyes Recent OPINION Articles City Hall fails again in help      for disabled Chula sizes up the future as it turns 100 Justice for Chaiyapoom Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 5 liked & 1 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 20:04 Philippines keeps rate unchanged, lowers inflation forecasts 20:00 China-backed AIIB approves 13 newcomers 19:39 London attacker 'born in Britain' 19:16 SE Asia stocks higher as investors track US healthcare bill 19:01 New abbot sought to replace Dhammajayo 18:15 Hunt for sunbathing croc 17:39 photoA day in photos 17:18 updateSET closes up 2.06 to 1,568.72 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 22 March 2017 | MYT 8:31 AM Apple announces new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in red by tan kit hoong Sporty red colour: The (PRODUCT) RED editions of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are coming soon. — Apple In a surprise move, Apple has just announced a new colour option for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus – an anodised aluminium (PRODUCT) RED colour. The (PRODUCT) RED Special Edition models have been released to celebrate 10 years of partnership between Apple and (RED), the organisation that helps fund HIV/AIDS-related programmes. These new special edition models of the iPhone 7 will be available to order worldwide starting March 24 but will only ship at the end of March or beginning of April (depending on region) and will be available in 128GB and 256GB versions only. As for pricing, the red 128GB iPhone 7 goes for RM3,699 while the 256GB version goes for RM4,199. The iPhone 7 Plus in red will retail for RM4,299 for the 128GB version while the 256GB version is RM4,799. According to (RED) chief executive officer Deborah Dugan, Apple is the world’s largest corporate donor to the global fund and has contributed some US$130mil (about RM585mil) to date as part of its partnership with (RED). Meanwhile, Apple is also doubling the capacity of the iPhone SE, from 16GB and 64GB to 32GB and 128GB. However, no word on availability has yet been announced. Related Stories You May Be Interested Three ways to protect social media accounts from pirates and hackers Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Doctors no different from soldiers Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? Others Also Read Community garden project gets new life Taiwan all geared up for Muslim tours Russian MP says France's Le Pen to visit Moscow on Friday advertisement Latest News Needy expat workers get new phones as Singapore moves to scrap 2G UN aviation agency urges balance of security risk, safety in electronics ban Laptop ban sparks ire among Mideast travellers EU's Vestager says analysing Facebook reply to WhatsApp probe Apple woos developers by making concessions in App Store revamp Most Viewed in Tech Needy expat workers get new phones as Singapore moves to scrap 2G Laptop ban sparks ire among Mideast travellers Staying connected through social media UN aviation agency urges balance of security risk, safety in electronics ban Three ways to protect social media accounts from pirates and hackers Spotify: A streaming success Laptop ban hits Gulf airlines in battle for business travellers Former airport security boss: electronics ban makes little sense Everyone knows tech workers are mostly white men – except tech workers Hi-Fi options in store from music streaming sites Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: up to 25% off Amazon devices, iTunes movies under $10,... Let’s Talk iOS 179: Not just a virtual or augmented reality The top stories of the week on iDB The best smart scales   skip to main content skip to main menu     Everything Apple announced today By Sébastien Page, Mar 21, 2017 Tweet 2 Comments Apple showed today that it doesn’t need a special event to launch a bunch of different products. Without too much fanfare, the company launched a handful of new products and also updated, or rather upgraded a few ones in the process. For those of you who didn’t have time to read through it all, we’ve put together a short video rounding up everything Apple announced today. Apple unveils iPhone 7/Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition Apple announces new $329 9.7-inch iPad, replacing iPad Air 2 & launching this Friday 32GB iPad mini 4 discontinued, replaced with 128GB model for $399 Apple launches Spring-themed Apple Watch bands, Nike Sport straps now sold separately Apple just doubled iPhone SE storage without raising prices Apple’s Clips app lets you create expressive videos with voice-activated Live Titles & more Swift Playgrounds gains editing tweaks, 5 new languages, MapKit support & more Apple’s silicone and leather iPhone 7 cases are now available in six new colors Apple phases out iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 2 Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend New iPhones, iPads and Apple TV: a roundup of today’s announcements Apple to live-stream September 9 media event Apple’s Clips app lets you create expressive videos with voice-activated Live Titles & more You can now save your Instagram live videos Related Topics Apple, Event, iPad, iPhone, Roundup, Video tariq Does buying a red iPhone go to supporting Aids in any way? Or is it sold like a normal iphone Yujin They support corruption in government and fires   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to view the HTML source code of a web page on iOS or Mac How to change the default search scope in Finder MaskMe10 lets you mask notifications based on keywords or specific names This charging cable is like MagSafe for your iPhone Apple acquires powerful automation app Workflow   The latest jailbreak news MaskMe10 lets you mask notifications based on keywords or specific names Home Depot 32-bit jailbreak update released Choose the default email app on your iPhone with MailClientDefault10 NotifyCensored lets you hide notification banner content on a per-app basis This tweak prevents the passcode screen from appearing after every respring iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video share: Share on Facebook Facebook Messenger Share on Twitter Twitter Email a friend Mail Search gadgets tablets New products, no fuss: the strategy behind Apple’s new iPad and iPhone March 22, 20174:11pm Video Image Apple Shares Close at All-Time High2:26 Investors gave Apple a lift on Monday, sending the technology giant?s shares to $133.29, just above their previous record-closing high, as excitement grows for the 10th anniversary iPhone expected later this year. Photo: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg News February 14th 2017 a month ago /video/video.news.com.au/Technology/ The Apple iPad range has a new member. From left to right, the iPad Mini, the iPad and the two iPad Pro models. Rod ChesterNews Corp Australia Network APPLE announced a new iPad overnight with one big difference — that difference being in the way it announced it, rather than the iPad itself. Typically Apple unveils products in a mass event designed to whip fans into a frenzy. The exceptions, such as today, are when it quietly issues a press release on a product that is just a minor update rather a major step. This is the first time Apple has unveiled an iPad outside of an event. Usually it unveils the iPad at another Apple event, although back in 2011 Steve Jobs unveiled the iPad 2 at an event held just to honour the new tablet. The tablet market in 2011 is much different to now — although that iPad 2 that Jobs unveiled in 2011 is still one of the most popular iPads in Australian homes. In not saying much today Apple has still said a good deal, including where it sees its iPad market as heading. The iPad replaces the iPad Air 2 and simplifies the naming system for the Apple tablet range.Source:Supplied Without the fuss, here is the new Apple iPad.Source:Supplied The new iPad today is called just that — the iPad. It replaces the iPad Air 2 and sits below the two iPad Pro models. If you’re looking to buy a “basic” iPad this is now your entry level model, although even a “basic” iPad is a very good tablet. Notably for the first time, the basic 9.7-inch iPad is cheaper than the smaller newest model iPad Mini. The starting price for the new iPad is $469 and it goes on pre-order on Friday, while the starting price for the iPad Mini 4 is $579. Apple in quandary on the future of the iPad Analyst Jan Dawson, of Jackdaw Research, sums up Apple’s latest tablet in this way: “This new iPad is effectively the equivalent of the iPhone SE, taking older innards and wrapping them in new branding to bring the price down to a new level, and I suspect that — like the iPhone SE — it will indeed bring the device to new people.” The trouble Apple faces with the iPad market is that it peaked in 2014 and for the past 12 quarters iPad sales have dropped. As Telsyte analyst Foad Fadaghi told News Corp Australia last week: “The challenge for Apple has been that its products simply don’t need replacing as fast as competitors’ products”. This new iPad has all the specs of a terrific tablet but that won’t be enough to turnaround the tablet market — that will probably take a significant change in hardware and possibly software and time, with all those iPad 2 owners eventually finding the need to upgraded. The new iPad today is powered by an A9 chip, and it replaces the iPad Air 2 which was powered by an A8X chip. The two high-end iPad Pro models use a A9X chip that is a step up again. This will probably not be the last iPad Apple releases this year, with rumours of a 10.5-inch iPad and the 12.9-inch iPad Pro due for an upgrade. Along with releasing a new iPad, the other hardware released by Apple overnight is a new iPhone — although to be more correct it is the old iPhone in a new colour. For ten years, Apple has had a program of releasing red products to raise money for AIDS research. Apple iPhone 7 in red. Picture: AppleSource:Supplied The Red special edition iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available in 128GB and 256GB models from $1229, with pre-orders from Saturday March 25. Apple also announced new models of the iPhone SE with more storage with 32GB and 128GB models replacing the 16GB and 64GB models currently available. There are also six new iPhone case colours. The Apple Watch also gets a refresh, with new sports, woven nylon and classic bands released in new colours, Nike Sports bands in new colours and new Hermes bands. There is a new range of colours for Apple Watch bands.Source:Supplied Apple also released a new video editing app called Clips aimed at the Snapchat generation, which simplifies video editing and adds filters and fun editing elements popular in messaging and social media apps. Turn your boring video into a quirky cartoon.Source:Supplied Clips lets you dictate your captions.Source:Supplied Jump back to top Right now in technology 285Readers Why iPhone users shouldn’t make ‘108’ Siri request 347Readers London terror attacks: ‘Muslim’ woman on phone shamed but no... 64Readers London terror attacks: Pauline Hanson uses tragedy to push M... 99Readers Donald Trump’s lawyers go after teenager for cat website 49Readers The dinosaur family tree is wrong, scientists now say MORE IN Tablet Apple in quandary over future of iPad Apple in quandary over iPad’s future 5 tough gadgets ready for adventure FOLLOW US ADVERTISE ABOUT US JOIN Please enter a valid email address Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11). Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES iPad Diaries: Optimizing Apple Notes TouchRetouch Review: Object Removal Made Easy GAget: Google Analytics Widgets and Alerts for macOS This week's sponsor Setapp The first subscription service for Mac apps Apple Introduces New ‘iPad’ Model with 9.7″ Display and A9 Chip Starting at $329 By Federico Viticci Following a 5-hour downtime of its online store this morning, Apple announced a new base model of the 9.7" iPad. Starting at $329 for the 32 GB Wi-Fi version and simply called 'iPad', the new device appears to be a lower-cost replacement for the iPad Air line as the company's iPad lineup now includes iPad mini 4, the new 'iPad', and the iPad Pro in existing 9.7" and 12.9" configurations. Neither iPad Pro model received any update this morning. The iPad mini 4, on the other hand, now offers more capacity for the same price: the 128 GB Wi-Fi model is now priced at $399, while the 128 GB Wi-Fi + Cellular is available at $529. “iPad is the world’s most popular tablet. Customers love the large, 9.7-inch display for everything from watching TV and movies, to surfing the web, making FaceTime calls, and enjoying photos, and now it is even more affordable,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “New customers and anyone looking to upgrade will love this new iPad for use at home, in school, and for work, with its gorgeous Retina display, our powerful A9 chip, and access to the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for it.” Aside from the lower price and new position in the lineup, there isn't much to say about the new iPad. The company has effectively taken its most popular model and relaunched it with upgraded internals, replacing, among other components, the A8X CPU of the 2014 iPad Air 2 with an A9 chip. The new iPad is an upgrade from the iPad Air 2, and it's also cheaper than the old model. Compared to the 9.7" iPad Pro, the new iPad doesn't offer support for the Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard, it has an 8 MP camera instead of a 12 MP one, it shoots videos at 1080p rather than 4K, and it doesn't come with a fully laminated display with antireflective coating, True Tone, and wide-color (P3) gamut. The new iPad is also slightly thicker than the same-size iPad Pro model (7.5mm vs. 6.1mm). The lack of Pro features explains the price differences between the two 9.7" models: the new iPad is $270 cheaper than the 9.7" iPad Pro in both configurations. Apple's new iPad lineup. Contrarily to what recent speculation suggested, Apple hasn't updated the iPad Pro line with new models that would bring faster performance and consistency to the 12.9" and 9.7" models, released in late 2015 and early 2016, respectively. The iPad Pro family still offers different features across two lines, with the 12.9" iPad Pro supporting fast charging and USB 3 transfer speeds, and the 9.7" iPad Pro being the only model with a True Tone display and support for wide color. The new 9.7" iPad will launch on Friday, March 24, and it'll start delivering next week in over 20 countries. The iPad's two models (the $329 32 GB Wi-Fi version and the $459 32 GB Wi-Fi + Cellular one) will be available in the usual silver, gold, and space gray colors. Tags: iPad Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Federico Viticci Federico is the founder and editor-in-chief of MacStories, where he writes about Apple with a focus on apps, developers, and mobile software. He can also be found on his three podcasts – Connected, Canvas, and Remaster. Twitter: @viticci | Email: viticci@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.6
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES iPad Diaries: Optimizing Apple Notes TouchRetouch Review: Object Removal Made Easy GAget: Google Analytics Widgets and Alerts for macOS This week's sponsor Setapp The first subscription service for Mac apps Swift Playgrounds Gains Support for New Languages→ Linked By Ryan Christoffel Today Apple added support for five new languages to its Swift Playgrounds app for iPad: Simplified Chinese, Japanese, French, German and Latin American Spanish. In its announcement, Apple quoted Xiaoming Bao of Hangzhou Foreign Languages School: "Swift Playgrounds is the perfect app to help our students learn to code, and I’m very excited students in China are now are able to use it with Simplified Chinese support...Last year, we created an optional coding class for my students to learn fundamental coding concepts using Swift Playgrounds. I had no previous experience with coding, but the engaging and easy-to-learn app, along with the comprehensive teacher guide developed by Apple, made me confident that I could inspire and facilitate my students to learn to code, and understand coding as a way of thinking that can be applied to other subjects and everyday life. Chinese language support will make the learning experience with Swift Playgrounds even easier for students.” Swift Playgrounds is available on the App Store. Source: apple.com Tags: iPad, Swift ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.6
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES iPad Diaries: Optimizing Apple Notes TouchRetouch Review: Object Removal Made Easy GAget: Google Analytics Widgets and Alerts for macOS This week's sponsor Setapp The first subscription service for Mac apps Apple Announces iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED, New Watch Bands, and More By Ryan Christoffel Alongside announcing a low-cost 9.7" iPad model, a new video app called Clips, and expanded language support for Swift Playgrounds, Apple has also introduced a special edition (PRODUCT)RED version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, new Apple Watch Bands, improved storage capacities for the iPhone SE, and some new cases for iPhone. (PRODUCT)RED iPhone Apple has offered (PRODUCT)RED versions of several different products in the past, but in most cases those products have been smaller offerings, such as accessories for iPhone and iPad. The new (PRODUCT)RED iPhone, available in both the 7 and 7 Plus models, marks the biggest product offering in Apple's partnership with (RED) to date. The special edition iPhone 7 includes a red back with a white front, and is available in two storage configurations: 128GB and 256GB. The new model goes on sale this Friday, March 24th, with an entry price of $749. Apple Watch Bands The Apple Watch has received a variety of new bands for the spring season. These include new sport, woven nylon, classic buckle, and Hermès options. In addition to these new offerings, Nike Sport Bands are now available for individual purchase for the first time. Previously, the only way to obtain a Nike Sport Band was to buy the Apple Watch Nike+. Nike Sport Bands are available in three colors at $49 each. Miscellaneous iPhone SE is also receiving a minor update. Beginning Friday, March 24th, the storage options will be upgraded to 32GB and 128GB – double the previous numbers – while retaining the same starting price of $399. Lastly, starting today there are new color options available for the iPhone's silicone and leather cases. Silicone options include azure, camellia and pebble, and new leather options include taupe, sapphire and berry. Tags: apple watch, iPhone Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.6
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Apple reworks the iPad Range Anthony Caruana 22 March, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News Apple has simplified the iPad product family, dropping the iPad Air and iPad mini 2. But, they’ve more than made up for the changes by dropping price on the iPad. The 9.7-inch iPad now enters the market at just $469. “iPad is the world’s most popular tablet. Customers love the large, 9.7-inch display for everything from watching TV and movies, to surfing the web, making FaceTime calls, and enjoying photos, and now it is even more affordable,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. Over the last couple of years iPad sales have been flagging, although that seems to be a reflection of the overall tablet market and not just Apple. The price drop, in my view, is a response to market conditions and (likely) reduced manufacturing costs as the iPad production line matures and components are increasingly commoditised. As well as dropping prices and killing off the iPad mini 2 and iPad Air, Apple has bumped up the storage capacity of the iPad mini 4, the only 7-inch tablet they now offer. I’m a little disappointed as I was looking forward to an iPad mini pro that supported Apple Pencil, so I could finally ditch paper notebooks. But, alas, I suspect the iPad mini’s days may be numbered as this announcement conspicuously omitted a processor, display or camera upgrade for the iPad mini. Pricing & Availability iPad comes in silver, gold and space grey and starts at the recommended retail price (RRP) AUD$469 inc. GST for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and RRP AUD$669 inc. GST for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model at Apple.com/au and Apple Stores. For more information, please visit apple.com/ipad/au. iPad is available to order beginning Friday 24 March from Apple.com/au, and starts delivering to customers and arriving next week in Apple Stores through select carriers and Apple Authorised Resellers (prices may vary) in Australia and more than 20 countries and regions, including Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and US. Denmark, India, Mexico, Norway, Russia, Turkey and other countries and regions will follow in April. Brazil, Taiwan and other countries and regions will follow in May. Polyurethane Smart Covers for iPad are available for RRP AUD$59 inc. GST in charcoal grey, white, midnight blue, pink sand and (RED) at Apple.com/au and Apple Stores. iPad mini 4, available in silver, gold and space grey, now offers more capacity and starts at RRP AUD$579 inc. GST for the 128GB Wi-Fi model and RRP AUD$779 inc. GST for the 128GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model at Apple.com/au and Apple Stores. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Google buys browser-based malware scanner VirusTotal Up close with Mountain Lion: Power Nap Apple working on technology that can predict heart attacks? Wearables to fuel massive surge in mobile data use by 2019 How police tracked down Steve Jobs’ stolen iPads Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Apple will debut new iPad Pro lineup at March event Autumn is just around the corner, which means we’re likely getting close to another Apple event – and the rumour mill is starting to churn. Japanese... Apple will reportedly launch three new iPad models in spring 2017 It looks like 2017 is gearing up to be the year of the iPad. Apple is launching three new iPad models in the spring of 2017, according to KGI Securities... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide House Of Marley - Smile Jamaica BT In-Ear Headphones Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues iPad Pro, iPad, and iPad mini 4: What are the differences? Roman Loyola 22 March, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News When Apple released a new iPad on Tuesday, the company also simplified the iPad lineup: instead of four iPad models, there are now three. This makes it easier to decide which iPad to buy, though there are still a lot of factors to consider. Let’s take a look at the major features you should think about when picking an iPad. Size If you want to carry your iPad around with you, then size is an important consideration. Here’s a breakdown of each iPad. 12.9” iPad Pro 9.7” iPad Pro iPad iPad mini 4 Screen size 12.9” 9.7” 9.7” 7.9” Height 12” 9.4” 9.4” 8” Width 8.7” 6.6” 6.6” 5.3” Depth 0.27” 0.24” 0.29” 0.24” Weight (Wi-Fi)  1.57 lbs. 0.96 lbs. 1.03 lbs. 0.65 lbs. Weight (Wi-Fi & Cellular) 1.59 lbs. 0.98 lbs. 1.05 lbs. 0.67 lbs. Screen Just looking at the iPads, it’s difficult to discern any difference in the screens besides their sizes. All of the iPads use LED-backlit displays with Multi-Touch support and fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating. But there are a few features that are found in some models and not in others that may not be obvious. 12.9” iPad Pro 9.7” iPad Pro iPad iPad mini 4 Fully laminated display Yes Yes No Yes Antireflective coating Yes Yes No Yes P3 wide colour support No Yes No No True Tone support No Yes No No If colour accuracy and detail is vital to your work, then you want the 9.7-inch iPad Pro with its P3 wide colour and True Tone. If you really want the bigger screen of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, you won’t get the P3 support, but there is a way to use iOS’s Night Shift to act like True Tone. The iPad lacks the laminated display and antireflective coating found in the other iPads, so you might have issues with glare. You might consider an iPad mini 4 instead, especially if you plan to be outdoors a lot, or if you are going to use the device where lighting is influential in the environment, like a photo studio. Smart Connector The iPad Pro is the only iPad outfitted with a Smart Connector, which is used to connect devices like keyboards. Apple’s Smart Keyboard uses the Smart Connector to connect to the iPad Pro. The Smart Keyboard for 12.9-inch iPad Pro is $169 (available on Amazon), and the SmartKeyboard for 9.7-inch iPad Pro is $149 (available on Amazon). Third parties like Logitech also make keyboards that use the Smart Connector. You can still use a keyboard with the iPad and iPad mini 4, but since these iPads don’t have a Smart Connector, Bluetooth is used to connect to a keyboard. So, you can use any Bluetooth keyboard, but you may want to get a keyboard case that’s designed specifically for the iPad or iPad mini 4 for extra comfort. Apple Pencil support In case you’re not that familiar with Apple’s iPad models, the iPad Pro is the only device that can be used with the Apple Pencil ($99; available on Amazon), a pen-like input device. You can still use your fingers to interact with the iPad Pro, but the Pencil provides the precision needed for creative work, or for people who want to write using an instrument. You can find a third-party stylus that can be used with the iPad and iPad mini 4, though they may not function like the Apple Pencil. Some styluses are made for specifically for writing, while others are for sketching. Photo camera If still photos are a priority for you, then you probably want the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It has a few major features (noted below) that the other iPads don’t have. 12.9” iPad Pro 9.7” iPad Pro iPad iPad mini 4 Resolution 8 megapixels 12 megapixels 8 megapixels 8 megapixels Aperture ƒ/2.4 ƒ/2.2 ƒ/2.4 ƒ/2.4 Live Photos No Yes No No True Tone flash No Yes No No Wide colour photo capture No Yes No No Autofocus Yes Yes, with Focus Pixels Yes Yes Tap to focus Yes Yes, with Focus Pixels Yes Yes Panorama up to 43 megapixels up to 63 megapixels up to 43 megapixels up to 43 megapixels HDR photos Yes Auto HDR Yes Yes Video camera The 9.7-inch iPad Pro is also the more capable video camera. In fact, its specs outpace the other iPads by a wide margin. Major differences noted below. 12.9” iPad Pro 9.7” iPad Pro iPad iPad mini 4 Resolution 1080p 4K 1080p 1080p Slow-motion 720p/120 fps 1080p/120 fps 720p/240 fps 720p/120 fps 720p/120 fps Video stabilisation Yes Yes (Cinematic) Yes Yes Focus Tap to focus Continuous autofocus Tap to focus Tap to focus FaceTime camera Since iPads are used more and more for video conferencing and selfies, the FaceTime camera is an important consideration. As with photos and video, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro has the best specs. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has a 5-megapixel FaceTime camera, while the other three iPads are a 1.2 megapixels. Also, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro comes equipped with a Retina Flash to make sure you are properly illuminated. There is no flash in the other iPads. Processor The iPad Pro is the top performer with an A9X chip. The chip in the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is slightly slower that that one in the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, so it doesn’t overheat in the smaller form factor. The iPad has a A9 processor, which is same model number as the processor in the iPhone 6s. Though it’s not as fast as the A9X, it’s a boost over the A8X chip that was in the iPad Air 2. The iPad mini 4 comes with the slowest processor of the lineup, an A8. It’s the compromise you make to get the smaller form factor and a reasonable price. Rose Gold And finally, after considering everything listed above, there’s the one thing that could change or confirm your decision: the Rose Gold factor. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro is the only iPad available in Rose Gold. If that’s the colour you absolutely must have, then that’s the iPad for you. All iPads are available in gold, silver, and space grey. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Google claims no donkey was harmed in Street View dustup Twitter’s Vine update adds age restrictions iPhone 6 Plus: there’s more to the big screen than a big piece of glass iPhone security: Not beefy enough for businesses? Lexmark exiting inkjet printer business, to lay off 1,700 Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Apple will debut new iPad Pro lineup at March event Autumn is just around the corner, which means we’re likely getting close to another Apple event – and the rumour mill is starting to churn. Japanese... Apple reworks the iPad Range Apple has simplified the iPad product family, dropping the iPad Air and iPad mini 2. But, they've more than made up for the changes by dropping price on... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide Western Digital My Passport and My Book hard drives Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues iPhone gets a (slight) makeover Anthony Caruana 22 March, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News Apple typically releases a new iPhone every year around September, but they pulled a fast one today when they announced a new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus variant. The new (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition comes in a red aluminium finish, in recognition of more than 10 years of partnership between Apple and (RED). Money raised through the sale of this iPhone will be contributed to the Global Fund. The special edition (PRODUCT)RED iPhone will be available to order online worldwide and in stores beginning Saturday 25 March. “Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today’s lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (PRODUCT)RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED), and we can’t wait to get it into customers’ hands.” “Apple is the world’s largest corporate donor to the Global Fund, contributing more than US$130 million as part of its partnership with (RED),” said Deborah Dugan, (RED)’s CEO. “Combining the global reach of the world’s most loved smartphone with our efforts to provide access to life-saving ARV medication in sub-Saharan Africa, customers now have a remarkable opportunity to make a difference and contribute to the Global Fund through the purchase of this new beautiful (PRODUCT)RED iPhone.” The iPhone SE has also seen its capacity increased with new 32GB and 128GB models, doubling the current capacity at the same starting price of RRP AUD$679. Pricing & Availability  iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition will be available in 128GB and 256GB models starting at Recommended Retail Price (RRP) AUD$1229 inc. GST from Apple.com and Apple Stores, and from Apple Authorised Resellers and select carriers (prices may vary). The special edition (PRODUCT)RED iPhone joins iPhone 7 finishes in jet black, black, silver, gold and rose gold. Both special edition models are available worldwide beginning Saturday 25 March, and start shipping to customers by the end of March in the US and more than 40 countries and regions, including Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, the UK and United Arab Emirates. Brazil, Chile, Colombia, India, Turkey and other countries will follow in April. The special edition iPhone joins the current (PRODUCT)RED lineup, which is available for customers to purchase year-round, including the full iPod® line of products, Beats Solo 3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones, Beats Pill+ Portable Speaker, the iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case and a range of accessories for iPhone, iPad® and Apple Watch®. New colours of Apple-designed iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus silicone cases in azure, camellia and pebble, and leather cases in taupe, sapphire and berry will also be available at Apple.com and Apple Stores starting at RRP AUD$55 inc. GST. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Apple to distribute in Russia; Apple Stores in Moscow and St Petersburg Fix an error 51 with the Cisco VPN Client First Look: Firefox 4 beta Update: SuperSync music library sync tool adds Web access Intel announces high-performance Atom Z2580 smartphone chip Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Apple’s iPhone seizes the smartphone sales crown from Samsung Apple has overtaken Samsung Electronics in smartphone sales for the first time in two years – but don’t count on it staying ahead for long. Samsung... Will 2017 be the year of the Mac? I'm not one for making predictions. As I've said before, trying to guess what Apple will do next is a mug's game. It rarely follows market trends, preferring... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide Tech21 Evo Play Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Clark Talks: Podcast discusses dangers to kids online Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Weather Eye: Rain, ‘March mudness’ not letting up yet State of City address scheduled for March 30 C-Tran board approves land buy near its headquarters Landslide unstable; Highway 503 span closed through spring State Highway 503 at the northeast end of Lake Merwin will remain closed through the spring due to an active… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Prep Baseball: Strong senior class has B.G. thinking big Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head High school scoreboard, March 23 Oberg steps down as Washougal basketball coach Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head BATTLE GROUND — Baseball America, which prides itself on covering America’s pastime at just about every level, has named a… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Local roasting company Relevant Coffee opens cafe in Uptown Village Lessons from Yahoo hack: Simple tips to safeguard your email Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Airlines expect March, April to set records Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Sears: ‘Substantial doubt’ about future Washington unemployment rate drops to 4.9 percent Push to sow wildflowers backfires, brings criticism to General Mills Singletary: Personal testament to value of Medicaid General Mills sales drop faster than expected Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Nike dropped in early trading after third-quarter sales missed estimates, giving fuel to critics who say it’s losing ground to… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Pack rats, minimalists find peace Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens Deaf students thrill to vibrations of whales Weeds, meet your new worst enemy: Black tarps Energy Adviser: Soil content critical for native plants Faux can be friend, not foe Controlling weeds starts with the seeds Researcher says when planet gets hot, animals get smaller Butterbeer ice cream hitting shelves for Harry Potter fans Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens This warm winter has not only confused plants into bearing flowers way ahead of normal, it has been troublesome for… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sunshine Worth Price Parker: Gorsuch nomination Trump’s most redeeming act Letter: Choose light over deception Letter: News must be fake, right? Letter: Nothing wrong with being average Letter: No need to spend big on genes Letter: Crack down on litter Letter: Be careful who you call ugly In Our View: Pot News a Mixed Bag Camden: Price of car tab taxes in Seattle prompts familiar outrage Editorial Cartoons March 19-25 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Everybody Has a Story: Surprise storm turns walk home into near-tragedy Furry Friends receives emergency medical grant Rotarians hold shoe drive for Roosevelt students Clark College journalists score awards at conference Neighbors honor retiring mail carrier Orchards teacher earns Educator of the Year You can help Grant flies in coconuts to help students study Mardi Gras Florist heads to D.C. to speak for flowers County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards A years-long effort to bring the nuisance house across the street from Covington Middle School back into compliance is now… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads Company rolling out red edition of iPhone 7, 7 Plus The family of iPads, from left, the iPad mini 4, the new iPad, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 12.9-inch one, along with the Apple Pencil. (Apple) By ANICK JESDANUN, Associated Press Published: March 21, 2017, 4:52 PM A   A NEW YORK — Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn’t materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. The new lineup The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. The missing device IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn’t have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday’s announcement makes it “even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now — the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind.” The processor in the new standard-size iPad, for instance, is akin to what’s in the iPhone 6S from 2015. The Mini’s processor is even older. Down but not out In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren’t upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. Far from holding a clearance sale, Vela said Apple is merely taking advantage of lower prices for older components. And Apple might be able to preserve higher profit margins by pushing people into a model with four times the storage, or 128 gigabytes; the extra storage costs Apple far less than the extra $100 that model sells for, Vela said. Challengers Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet announcement by nearly a month, though Samsung’s Android-based Galaxy Tab S3 doesn’t actually start selling until this Friday, for $600. Vela doesn’t consider it a serious threat to Apple. Even though the Tab S3 is more in line with iPad Pros in quality, Vela said people tend to buy Samsung tablets as media-consumption devices, something they can do with the cheaper iPads. Samsung also has two Windows 10 tablets coming. Called the Galaxy Book, the Windows devices are more likely to challenge Microsoft’s Surface than iPads. Microsoft is due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Tablets Apple Store goes down ahead of possible first new product launch of 2017 Zach Epstein @zacharye March 21st, 2017 at 6:54 AM Share Tweet Is Apple about to quietly release its first brand new products of the year? Are tablets now such an afterthought that new iPads aren’t even important enough to warrant their own Apple press conference? Those questions and more should be answered shortly — the online Apple store went down shortly after midnight this morning, and it’s still down right now. No one is quite sure exactly why the Apple store was taken offline, though the outage was scheduled and was noted on Apple’s system status page on Monday ahead of today’s outage. While it’s entirely possible that Apple is just performing server upgrades or some type of maintenance, recent rumors suggest the company might be preparing to quietly release several new iPad tablets. Don't Miss: Thanks for fixing my iPhone again, Google We all know Apple tends to release new iPads around this time every year, and rumors last week stated that Apple could have new iPad models in store as soon as this week. With the Apple store currently offline and Apple’s typical “we have something special in store for you” message plastered across the online shop’s landing page, it’s entirely possible that those rumors are about to pan out. Apple reportedly has multiple new iPad models in store for fans this year. Included among them is a refreshed 9.7-inch iPad, an updated 12.9-inch iPad Pro, and a completely new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model that might feature a new design with narrower bezels. The device is said to be about the same size as Apple’s current 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it may replace that model when it’s released, pushing the 9.7-inch iPad into entry-level range. Will the new 10.5-inch model be released on Tuesday along with the other new iPads that might appear in the Apple store? Probably not. Apple seems unlikely to introduce its new design with shrunken bezels on an iPad ahead of the iPhone 8 set to debut later this year. What’s more, a post on Monday from Daring Fireball smelled an awful lot like a plant from Apple PR intended to set expectations for today’s launch. Nothing is confirmed, of course, but Apple PR does love to plant stories in order to help keep expectations in line with reality when the rumor mill gets too carried away. Whatever the case, all will be revealed shortly — Apple’s online store outage was supposed to last for about six hours according to the company’s system status website, and we’re now approaching hour seven. Also of note, if new iPads are released today, you can expect embargoed previews to be published the moment the Apple store comes back online. Tags: Apple, iPad Pro View Comments Trending 1 Tech Apple’s latest acquisition could lead to amazing things for iOS 2 Tech New leak shows a subtle difference between the US Galaxy S8 and the global model 3 Entertainment Shiny Pokemon have been discovered in Pokemon Go 4 Tech Hackers claim to have breached hundreds of millions of Apple accounts 5 Entertainment Netflix has 25 new originals set for release in April – here’s the full list Picked For You Nintendo finally issued a formal response to the biggest problem people have with the Switch By Zach Epstein March 20th at 10:38 AM $8 gives your Google Pixel the iPhone 7 feature it’s been missing By Maren Estrada March 21st at 3:03 PM Siri has a very unfortunate response when you ask it for prostitutes By Chris Mills March 19th at 12:00 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iPad Mini 2 Has Been Discontinued By Tyler Lee on 03/21/2017 16:56 PDT As you might have heard by now, Apple has launched a new 9.7-inch iPad model, and while it was not announced, it has been noticed that in the process of launching a new iPad, Apple has also discontinued the iPad mini 2. Given that the tablet was launched back in 2013, we guess it’s safe to say that it has been a long time coming. For those unfamiliar, the iPad mini 2 was the first iPad mini to sport a Retina display, something that users lamented was not on the original iPad. However there were some who felt that Apple had started to neglect the iPad mini lineup in the recent years as there haven’t been any particular upgrades that were significant, save for the iPad mini 3 which introduced Touch ID. At the moment if the iPad mini is still a size that you believe makes for a perfect tablet, the iPad mini 4 is the only model that’s currently available for purchase. It is unclear as to what the future will be for the “mini” lineup, although recent rumors have suggested that we might be getting an iPad mini Pro, which presumably will share similar features of the other Pro tablets but in a smaller form factor. In any case we might know more come April when Apple is rumored to announce brand new iPad models (as opposed to just refreshes), so check back with us then for the details. Filed in Apple >Tablets. Read more about iPad. Related Articles 2017-03-21 Apple Launches New 9.7 Inch iPad 2017-03-20 Apple Online Store Closes Tomorrow Amid Whispers Of New Products 2017-03-15 New iPad Mini Pro Expected To Arrive Soon 2017-03-19 How To Delete Emails and Accounts on iPhone 2017-03-14 Apple’s Rumored 10.5-inch iPad Could Debut In April 2017-03-14 How to transfer photos from Android to iPhone Lucid Motors' Electric Car Price Confirmed Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Project Scorpio To Feature Internal Power Supply And 4K Game DVR Google And Levi's Smart Jacket Launches This Fall For $350 Pre-Order Project Scorpio Page Goes Live On Microsoft Store Deadpool 2 Teaser Trailer Released iPhone 8 Cable Will Switch To USB Type-C Skype Wi-Fi Being Discontinued March 31st User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Apple launches iPhone ‘to fight AIDS’ – but won’t say how much money is going to charity · PinkNews Enter your email address to receive our daily LGBT news roundup Sign up No thanks You're free to unsubscribe at any time. Follow @pinknews News News Home UK US World Trans Politics Education Law Religion Business Entertainment Trans Opinion Travel Life Life Home Health Sport About Advertise Contact Privacy RSS Search Home UK US World Current Affairs Entertainment Opinion Travel Features Trans Tech Apple launches iPhone ‘to fight AIDS’ – but won’t say how much money is going to charity Nick Duffy, PinkNews 21st March 2017, 1:14 PM Apple launched the new iPhone today Apple has announced a special-edition red iPhone to raise money to fight HIV/AIDS – but won’t say how much of the profits will actually go to charity. The tech giant today announced the special edition versions of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, as part of a partnership with (RED), to raise money for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS. The phone, which will go on sale worldwide on March 24, will build on Apple’s existing work with (RED), which has to date raised $130 million for the Global Fund. But HIV activists have raised questions about how much money will actually be contributed from the phone’s hefty £799/$799 price tag. Apple specifies that a “contribution” from the price of each phone will go to (RED). PinkNews asked both Apple and (RED) to clarify how much Apple’s contribution will be from the sale of each phone. Apple declined to comment, pointing a release from (RED) that pegged the total to-date contributions from previous Apple campaigns at $130 million. (RED) did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO, said: “Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products. “The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (PRODUCT)RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED), and we can’t wait to get it into customers’ hands.” Deborah Dugan, (RED)’s CEO, said: “Apple is the world’s largest corporate donor to the Global Fund, contributing more than $130 million as part of its partnership with (RED). “Combining the global reach of the world’s most loved smartphone with our efforts to provide access to life-saving ARV medication in sub-Saharan Africa, customers now have a remarkable opportunity to make a difference and contribute to the Global Fund through the purchase of this new beautiful (PRODUCT)RED iPhone.” Apple has long marked World AIDS Day, December 1, through collaborations with (RED), turning its landmark Apple Stores red to mark the day. Under Mr Cook, Apple has taken a strong stance on equality. The company recently hit out at President Trump’s decision to scale back protections for transgender children. A statement said: “Apple believes everyone deserves a chance to thrive in an environment free from stigma and discrimination. “We support efforts toward greater acceptance, not less, and we strongly believe that transgender students should be treated as equals. “We disagree with any effort to limit or rescind their rights and protections.” 1 reader comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous story Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie refuses to apologise for trans women comments Next story Beauty and the Beast to be shown in full in Malaysia after censors back down More like this Apple takes stand against Trump on transgender rights ‘If we stand and say nothing it’s as if we’re agreeing’, Apple CEO criticises Trump’s travel ban Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with Trump at tech summit Apple CEO Tim Cook was one of Hillary Clinton’s vice presidential candidates Watch Apple boss Tim Cook show off his singing skills in James Corden’s latest Carpool Karaoke Barbra Streisand called Apple CEO Tim Cook to complain Siri says her name wrong Apple joins fight for equal marriage in Australia Apple ‘edited out’ lesbian mums from international TV ads More: HIV AIDS Apple iPhone phone Red Trending Trending Now NYPD cop who won hearts with viral dance at Pride dies, aged 44 Katy Perry on her sexuality: 'I kissed a girl and I liked it. Truth be told, I did more than that' Twitter says Sir Patrick Stewart in drag looks a lot like Kellyanne Conway Germany to quash thousands of historic homosexuality convictions today Trending NYPD cop who won hearts with viral dance at Pride dies, aged 44 Katy Perry on her sexuality: ‘I kissed a girl and I liked it. Truth be told, I did more than that’ Twitter says Sir Patrick Stewart in drag looks a lot like Kellyanne Conway Germany to quash thousands of historic homosexuality convictions today Latest stories Hugely popular new video game features multiple gay sex scenes Trump official Rick Perry claims gay university president ‘stole’ election in a ‘quest for diversity’ Justin Trudeau, Ellen DeGeneres join the Queen in paying tribute after London terror attack Bette Midler fan collapses during theatre show, but would rather die than miss Act 2 Bates Motel main character has first gay kiss – then reveals he’s been having sex with men for years Take a look inside Ellen DeGeneres’s incredible $45m mansion © 2017 PinkNews Terms Contact Advertise
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive One person suffers burns to upper body and face in early morning blaze in Apple Valley Tuesday Mar 21, 2017 at 4:51 PM Mar 21, 2017 at 5:02 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes APPLE VALLEY — One person suffered burns to his upper body and face in an early morning fire in Apple Valley Tuesday. Just after 8 a.m., firefighters from the Apple Valley Fire Protection District were dispatched to a report of a residential fire in the 13000 block of Paraiso Road in Apple Valley. Two occupants who were in the home at the time told authorities they were inside the residence when a “loud explosion” occurred and they evacuated the home immediately and called 911. According to officials, the homeowners were having some work done on the HVAC system when there was a small flash fire caused from natural gas that was inside the attic space where the work was being done. "The victim was in the attic when the flash and explosion occurred." said AFVPD Fire Chief Sid Hultquist. "The force blew him out of the attic through the attic scuttle hole back into the hallway of the home."   The male victim suffered 2nd degree burns to his face and was transported to Saint Joseph's Health, St. Mary's Hospital.   AVFPD officials want to remind residents to be careful when having work done and to be prepared with a home evacuation plan that includes a safe meeting place. Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter @DP_MonicaInes. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close New (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 Plus Shown Off in Unboxing Video Tuesday March 21, 2017 4:43 pm PDT by Juli Clover Early this morning, Apple unveiled new Special Edition (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models, which feature a vibrant red aluminum finish paired with a silver Apple logo and white front bezels. While the new red iPhone models won't be available for purchase until Friday, March 24, tech YouTuber Marques Brownlee got his hands on one of the new devices early, and has shown it off in the first (PRODUCT)RED iPhone unboxing video. The (PRODUCT)RED iPhone ships in a box decorated with red text and a red iPhone, and inside, there's a (PRODUCT)RED insert alongside the regular manuals. Aside from that, the packaging is the same as other iPhone models with a charging cable and Lightning EarPods. Brownlee's first reaction to the (PRODUCT)RED iPhone was "Wow, this thing is really red and really good looking." He goes on to say that it's as "ridiculously good as you think," and calls it the most photogenic iPhone he's seen in a long time. According to Brownlee, in person, the device has an almost satin finish that is super saturated, and because it's not as dark as the Matte and Jet Black iPhones, it isn't as prone to showing fingerprints. Brownlee is not a fan of the white front of the device (he calls it "goofy") and says he'd prefer it with a black front. Apple release the Special Edition (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus to celebrate more than 10 years of partnership with the (RED) charity. All (PRODUCT)RED purchases let customers contribute to the Global Fund to join the fight against HIV and AIDS. Over the course of its 10 year partnership with (RED), Apple has been responsible for donating more than $130 million and is the largest corporate donor to the Global Fund. The new (PRODUCT)RED iPhone models are available in 128GB and 256GB storage capacities, priced at $749/$849 for the iPhone 7 and $869/$969 for the iPhone 7 Plus. As mentioned above, the new devices will go on sale on Friday in more than 40 countries around the world. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 [ 117 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) snowboarder 2 days ago at 04:49 pm Seriously, who cares? Another color of the existing iPhone, another option for the storage, another watch band. Where is anything REALLY new? Where is a Mac? Any Mac? iMac, Mac Pro, anything? Rating: 39 Votes Relentless Power 2 days ago at 04:45 pm That white bezel though. If this would have had a black bezel, this would be a perfect combination with black and red. Still for a great cause. Rating: 18 Votes Asarien 2 days ago at 05:17 pm The white bezel makes way more sense than a black one, people. This is to bring attention to health, not U2 or death metal. Black and red is too dire, plus red and white are the colors which represent medical attention. The silver Touch ID ring is absolutely lazy, however. That totally should have been a matching red. Rating: 16 Votes myrtlebee 2 days ago at 04:56 pm So... a silver Apple logo (not white as I believe MacRumors reported earlier) and a silver Touch ID ring. And that makes sense how? Should have went with a black front, black Touch ID ring, and a black Apple logo. Rating: 13 Votes riverfreak 2 days ago at 05:11 pm I remember when I used to get excited when the Apple Store was down. Rating: 10 Votes casperes1996 2 days ago at 04:59 pm So... a silver Apple logo (not white as I believe MacRumors reported earlier) and a silver Touch ID ring. And that makes sense how? Should have went with a black front, black Touch ID ring, and a black Apple logo. Don't get why everyone wants it all black. I think all white with the red looks way better. And I think the unit in this video is just an early model - Look at Apple's website. That Apple logo looks really white to me Rating: 7 Votes MrGimper 2 days ago at 05:04 pm Anyone else die a little inside when all these clowns put their device screen-down on the desk and start sliding it around? Rating: 7 Votes kwikdeth 2 days ago at 05:37 pm So... a silver Apple logo (not white as I believe MacRumors reported earlier) and a silver Touch ID ring. And that makes sense how? Should have went with a black front, black Touch ID ring, and a black Apple logo. this has been my problem with the ProductRed line since the very beginning. Red + White is just... meh. Red + Black, you couldnt keep those things on the shelves. Rating: 5 Votes nikster0029 2 days ago at 05:00 pm SILVER Touch ID RING. Should have just went black Rating: 5 Votes myrtlebee 2 days ago at 05:20 pm Black and red is too dire, plus red and white are the colors which represent medical attention. You're reading way too much into this. It's simply about what looks best. Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 WWDC 2017 June 5–9 More Blog Stories Apple to Begin iPhone 6, 6s, and SE Manufacturing in India Over Next Few Months 1 hour ago on iOS Blog Government officials in India today confirmed that Apple will begin manufacturing iPhone devices within its Bangalore plant over the next few months, in a bid to boost the company's presence... 13 comments Tim Cook Hails China Investment, Says Apple 'Here to Stay' 3 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple CEO Tim Cook sat down for an interview with Chinese media outlet Caixin on Tuesday, in which he emphasized Apple's ambitions in China and its long-term commitment to investment there. ... 12 comments Google Photos and Duo App Updates Coming For Users in Low Connectivity Areas 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Google announced a couple of notable updates for its Duo and Photos apps yesterday at the company's São Paulo event, where it pitched the features as ideal solutions for users in Brazil who live... 5 comments Nintendo's 'Super Mario Run' for iOS Updated With New Characters, Easy Mode and More Free Content 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Nintendo today released version 2.0 of Super Mario Run, its popular Mario-themed platform game for iOS devices. Today's update adds a host of new features, including new playable characters, an... 20 comments Best Buy Offering $25 Gift Card With Purchase of New iPad 18 hours ago on iOS Blog With the purchase of one of Apple's new iPads, announced yesterday, Best Buy is offering a free $25 Best Buy gift card that can be used towards future Best Buy purchases. The $25... 18 comments How to Tell Whether Your New LG UltraFine 5K Display Has the Shielding Fix 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Last week, we shared a brief video showing that LG's revisions to the shielding in the UltraFine 5K display have successfully addressed issues with the display flickering and disconnecting when... 11 comments Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 26 With WebGPU Prototype 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced one year ago in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test... 26 comments djay Pro for Mac Gains Touch Bar Enhancements, Pioneer DJ Integration 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Algoriddim's djay Pro for Mac received a major update today, introducing a range of new features for both hobbyists and professional DJs. Through a partnership with Pioneer DJ, djay Pro is... 1 comments • Hackers Claim Access to 300 Million iCloud Accounts, Say Apple Refused to Pay $75,000 Ransom (139) • Google Maps Introduces New Location Sharing Feature With Real-Time Friend Tracking (35) • Apple Drops iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Branding in China (42) • Amazon Brings 'Send to Kindle' Read-it-Later Feature to Safari iOS (2) • Bear Notes 1.1 Update Adds Infinite Nested Tags, Note Merging, 3D Touch, New Code Syntax Support, and More (2) • Amazon Music iOS App Now Supports CarPlay (20) • Apple Releases iTunes 12.6 With Cross-Device Movie Rental Access (103)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Death Road to Canada', 'The Elder Scrolls: Legends', 'Sunless Sea', 'One Finger Death Punch 3D', 'Crash of Cars', 'Sword of Shadows', 'Construction Simulator 2' and More 'Cut.' is Another Bedeviling Puzzler From 'Hocus.' and 'Pocus.' Developer Gamebra.in 'Hearthstone' Senior Game Designer Talks Un'Goro Quests 'Super Mario Run' Is Out on Android and Version 2.0 is Out on iOS Bethesda's 'The Elder Scrolls: Legends' CCG Is Out Worldwide The 4X Board Game 'Exodus: Proxima Centauri' Is Coming to Mobile AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Help using this website - Accessibility statement afr Search afr AFR News More Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports RBA Interview Series Business More Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business More Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets More Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate More Commercial Residential Opinion More Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Technology More Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance More Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs More Portfolio Management Leadership More Management Careers Innovation Entrepreneur Workplace BRW Lists Lifestyle More Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars Bikes & Boats Health Home Design All More News Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports Rear Window Business Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate Commercial Residential Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Technology Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs Leadership Management Careers Company Culture Innovation Entrepreneur Lifestyle Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars, Bikes & Boats Health Home Design Asset The Australian Financial Review Magazine Luxury The Sophisticated Traveller My Saved Articles (0) Done Select All Remove News My Saved Searches 0 Done Select all Delete Home Technology Mobiles & Tablets Apple For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Mar 22 2017 at 9:20 AM Updated Mar 22 2017 at 9:30 AM Save article Print Apple unveils cheapest iPad yet and red iPhone Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit The red iPhone 7 will go on sale in Australia on March 25. by Alex Webb Apple has introduced a revamped version of its most popular-sized iPad at the cheapest price yet, and a shiny red iPhone 7, whose sales will help to combat AIDS. Apple unveiled a new 9.7-inch iPad with a brighter Retina display starting at $US329 ($428), and a special edition red-aluminum finish iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, part of the company's decade-long partnership with (RED), which contributes to the Global Fund to fight HIV and AIDS. "Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today's lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch," Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in a statement on Tuesday. Apple is the world's largest corporate donor to the Global Fund, contributing more than $US130 million, the company said. The red iPhone in the Australian Apple store. Apple Apple is expected to reveal a significant upgrade to the iPhone later this year. The Cupertino, California-based company unveiled a new iPhone  last year, which reignited sales growth in the Christmas quarter after a year of declines. Related Quotes 5 years 1 Day Last updated: Updating... Last updated: Updating... View full quote Company Profile ASX Announcements Expand ASX Announcements View all announcements Those falling sales came even as Apple introduced a cheaper handset in March in an effort to spur growth in emerging markets. The only sales growth in the 2016 fiscal year came from the services business, which includes Apple Music and the App Store, and the other products category. Apple shares rose less than one percent to $US142.55 at 10.24am in New York. Earlier they hit a new intraday high of $US142.80. The new iPad starts at $US329 for 32GB with Wi-Fi and $US459 for 32GB Wi-Fi plus cellular. It will be available to order starting March 24 in the US and more than 20 other countries and regions. The iPhone (RED) models will be available in 128GB and 256GB models starting at $US749 from March 24 ($1229 in Australia on March 25). Apple also announced new storage capacity for the iPhone SE. That 4-inch display model will now be available in 32GB and 128GB models, doubling the current capacity and replacing the previous models. Other product launches on Tuesday include a new app called Clips, that helps people combine video clips, photos and music that can be shared through social media and messages. Apple also said its Swift Playgrounds iPad app, which helps students learn to code, is available in five additional languages: Japanese, French, German, Spanish and simplified Chinese. Bloomberg Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Advertisement Advertisement Related articles How Oppo toppled Apple in China Contains: Video Apple's next big thing: augmented reality Westpac takes lead with wristbands and messaging iPhone explodes in man's hands at repair shop Contains: Video Sean Spicer confronted on film in Apple store Latest Stories Bullying accusation at Atanaskovic Hartnell: Hearsay 1 hr ago Look at CGT, not super, states tell Morrison 1 hr ago 'Wait and see, mate': Indigenous barrister breaks barriers 54 mins ago More The chef who has mastered dining theatrics Why global brand Stylebop lured this Aussie What you missed: AFR Magazine's Arts issue Why this global artist spent 'months failing' Who's making serious money from comedy 3 signs that your leadership is failing The top 100 directors of power and influence Should shareholders trump stakeholders? How a gold scandal became a fairytale What it's really like at director school Pinkly perfect presents for the one you love Luxury properties up for sale around Australia Romancing high-risk 80s fashion Russian doll curation of art prize uncovers next generation How to make a statement this autumn Special Reports Tesla pitches faster, cheaper Snowy 2.0 Li, Turnbull deal on beef, energy and security High-margin services and technology to take greater role China's stimulus measures push trade into surplus Digital transforming the way business is done Fairfax Media Publications Pty Ltd © Copyright 2017 Reprints & Permissions Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions of Use Experience afr.com free for 1 month Enjoy unlimited access to Australia's best business news and market insights across desktop, tablet and mobile Find out more Already a subscriber? Log in Close You have left for this month. For unlimited access upgrade to Premium Digital Find out more Close
menu Sections Thursday, March 23, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Gadgets share this Apple unveils red iPhone 7 and 7 plus INQUIRER.net / 07:42 AM March 22, 2017 Apple’s newest product, a red iPhone 7 and 7 plus. PHOTO from Apple’s website Apple has launched its latest phone products—iPhone 7 and 7 plus in “red apple color,” the first in its lineup of flagship phones. The tech giant’s latest products come in a striking and vibrant red aluminum finish. Both 128GB and 256GB models will be available in Apple online stores beginning March 24, retailing at $749 (P37,500). Also, the phones will have similar features as the rose-gold, silver and jet-black editions, which were released last year. The products were launched to celebrate the tech giant’s decade-old partnership with RED, a charity group that raises funds to combat AIDS in Sub-Saharan Africa through the Global Fund. ADVERTISEMENT Apple + (RED) = iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition pic.twitter.com/zWkgH8jgpJ — (RED) (@RED) March 21, 2017 “Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (product) RED Special Edition all the way to today’s lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement. “The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (product) RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED), and we can’t wait to get it into customers’ hands,” he added. To replace the antiquated iPad Air 2, Apple showcased a 9.7-inch iPad on Tuesday, which now has a brighter Retina display. It is currently priced at $329 (P16,500). Apple has also launched Apple Clips, an app that aims to collate photos and videos and turn them into one video that can be shared on social media. The red variant’s debut comes at an unholy hour when tech-savvy iPhone users are waiting for the momentous release of iPhone 8, reportedly branded as “iPhone Edition,” in September. Meanwhile, rival tech firm Samsung is prepping up for the release of its newest flagship model, Samsung Galaxy S8.  Gianna Francesca Catolico /ra RELATED STORIES iPhone 7 Plus and jet black variants sold out New flagship iPhone to be called ‘iPhone Edition’ play_circle_filled Nintendo Switch console goes on sale in strategy reboot March 05, 2017 play_circle_filled New wave of robots set to deliver the goods February 05, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo reboots with new Switch game console January 15, 2017 play_circle_filled Avatar-style South Korean manned robot takes first baby steps January 04, 2017 TAGS: AIDS, Apple, iPhone 7, iphone 7 Plus, red iPhone 7 For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING entertainment Kiefer Ravena mum about photo scandal March 22, 2017 newsinfo Suspect in Pasay traffic aide’s slay known, thanks to receipts March 23, 2017 newsinfo ‘Let her be,’ Duterte tells people who want Robredo impeached March 23, 2017 newsinfo Senators back Duterte rejection of impeachment try vs Robredo March 23, 2017 newsinfo Duterte eyes declaring all barangay posts vacant in October March 22, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this Gianna Francesca Catolico The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile Squarespace ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist iTunes 12.6 ClamXav 2.12.1 Microsoft Office 2016 15.32 Fantastical 2.3.4 PDFpen and PDFpenPro 8.3.3 ChronoSync 4.7.5 1Password 6.6.2 Hazel 4.0.9 Lightroom CC 2015.9 and Lightroom 6.9 ChronoSync 4.7.4     Related Articles WWDC 2017 Moves Back to San Jose on June 5th through 9th (16 Feb 17) Three Highlights from MacTech Conference 2015 (09 Nov 15) MacTech Conference 2013 Abounds with Networking and Fun (11 Nov 13) MacTech Conference 2012 Opens Mental Doors (22 Oct 12)     Published in TidBITS 1361. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. An Ideal iPad Case for Little Kids Wi-Fi Widget Simplifies Wi-Fi Work in iOS Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 20 March 2017 ExtraBITS for 20 March 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 20 Mar 2017 | Print  | Comment (10) 27 Conferences for Mac and iOS Professionals in 2017 by Adam C. Engst and Josh Centers Despite the loss of Macworld/iWorld, which many in the industry continue to mourn, there’s no shortage of Apple-focused conferences for professionals to gather with peers. We have once again collected details — or at least dates — for all the Apple-related conferences we can find; if we’ve missed any, let us know in the comments. We’ve sorted them by date so you can scroll through and see which might fit into your schedule. If you want to meet part of the TidBITS gang, Adam Engst will be at the ACEs Conference in May, and he and Tonya are likely to go to MacTech Conference in November. Josh Centers is planning to attend the iBooks Author Conference in October. If regular TidBITS contributors are asked to speak at any others, we’ll be sure to mention that in a future article. MacTech Pro: March–September 2017 -- A regional event series from the folks behind MacTech Conference, MacTech Pro is designed for professional Apple techs and consultants. Events are single-track, hotel-based seminars, and the all-day schedule includes lunch. Topics will include creating a storage strategy, deployment methods, scripting Python, IoT and home automation, security, troubleshooting, and more. Early bird pricing is $299, with pre-registration pricing at $399, and regular pricing at $499. Educational and non-profit pricing is $199. The March 15th event in Seattle, WA has already passed, but the remaining MacTech Pro events will take place in eight cities throughout the United States: April 5 in Boston, MA May 3 in Atlanta, GA May 24 in Washington, D.C. June 28 in Denver, CO July 26 in New York, NY August 9 in Orlando, FL August 30 in Chicago, IL September 27 in San Francisco, CA Mdevcon: March 16–17, 2017 -- Held in Amsterdam on March 16th and 17th for mobile app developers, Mdevcon offered sessions for both iOS and Android developers. Tickets cost €190 (US$200) for conference-only tickets (sessions on the 17th) or €410 (US$440) to add the tutorial day on the 16th. iOSCon: March 30–31, 2017 -- Returning for its fourth year, iOSCon takes place at CodeNode in London for two days. The program features a number of sessions on building apps with Swift. Tickets cost £650 (US$800) plus VAT. Úll: April 10–11, 2017 -- The two-day Úll conference takes place in Killarney, Ireland at The Europe hotel and resort. Úll is designed for “people who build and love great products… presented through an Apple-shaped lens.” Frankly, it sounds like big fun. The speakers this year include refreshingly new faces; we encourage you to read their bios. Headline speakers include Christina Warren of Gizmodo, Horace Dediu of Asymco, and Jason Snell of Six Colors. Tickets cost €799 (US$855) without accommodations or €1149 (US$1230) with two nights at The Europe hotel. CocoaConf: April 21–22, 2017 -- Focusing on training for iOS and Mac developers, CocoaConf will be providing three tracks and over 30 breakout and general sessions for its April session in Chicago. (CocoaConf also has a conference in Yosemite National Park on March 20th through 23rd, but tickets are sold out.) Speakers for the Chicago event include developers Chris Adamson, Jeff Biggus, Janie Clayton, James Dempsey, Laura Savino, and T.J. Usiyan. Registration for CocoaConf costs $650, or $850 if you want to attend a pre-conference workshop held the day before. The workshop is also available on its own for $350. App Builders Switzerland: April 24–25, 2017 -- Another conference for mobile app developers, App Builders Switzerland will take place in Zürich on April 24th and 25th. It offers two tracks: one for iOS developers and another for Android developers. Tickets cost 349 CHF (about US$350) and include lunch and snacks. iOSDevCamp Colorado Springs: April 28-29, 2017 -- A free, informal event for iOS developers, the eight-annual iOSDevCamp Colorado Springs will take place the evening of April 28th and all day on the 29th. Expect "all day presentations, demos, and workshops from the best damn iOS developers in Colorado." UIKonf: May 14–17, 2017 -- Billed as “Berlin’s independent conference for serious iOS developers,” UIKonf is still lining up speakers but currently promises developer Cate Huston of Automatic, typographer and developer Frank Rausch, and author Rob Napier. Registration costs €529 (US$565) and includes free social events on the first day of the conference, but the organizers are encouraging charity donations for the social events. ACEs Conference: May 31–June 1, 2017 -- Organized by Apple consultant Justin Esgar, the Phoenix-based ACEs Conference is in its third year and promises to be “the place for inspiration, ideas, business networking, and instantly-applicable knowledge.” Focusing on ways that Apple consultants can grow their IT businesses, topics will include brand coaching, business workshops, and even meditation for dealing with high-stress situations the job entails. It’s scheduled for May 31st and June 1st at the Sheraton Grand Phoenix. This year’s keynote will be delivered by business author and entrepreneur Mike Michalowicz. Other speakers include well-known names from the Apple IT and enterprise communities, like our own Adam Engst (who will be talking about content marketing based on his experience with the TidBITS Content Network), Marcy Maslove of Empowerment Unlimited Coaching, Alex Narvey of Precursor Canada, and Harold Mann of Mann Consulting. Early bird pricing of $524 ends 31 March 2017, after which the registration price is $699. The price includes breakfast and lunch both days, and dinner the night of the 1st. Save 10 percent by using coupon code TIDBITS. You can also buy one-on-one consulting sessions with Michalowicz for $500 or with Jennifer Dawn of Jennifer Dawn Coaching for $350. You can also sign up for Proactive Support professional certification for $250. MacDevOps:YVR: June 5–6, 2017 -- MacDevOpsYVR will take place June 5th and 6th in Vancouver, Canada on the campus of Simon Fraser University. It focuses on open source projects built by members of the Mac enterprise community, such as Munki, created by Greg Neagle of Disney Animation and now the most popular app for distributing Mac software in the large organizations. If you code as part of managing Apple devices, check out this conference. Topics covered at MacDevOps:YVR include open source projects like Munki, Santa, osquery, Zentral, and more; code sharing with GitHub, GitLab, and other source control systems; security; the future of Apple IT; and the role of MDM for Macs in the future. Speakers include security researcher Sarah Lewis, Mike Lynn of Dropbox, and Joel Rennich of Trusource Labs Enterprise Services. For more details, listen to a podcast with Mat X, the conference organizer. Early bird registration costs CAD$265 (US$200) until 31 March 2017, after which it increases to CAD$465 (US$345). WWDC: June 5–9, 2017 -- Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference will take place at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, CA June 5th through 9th (see “WWDC 2017 Moves Back to San Jose on June 5th through 9th,” 16 February 2017). Registration will open 27 March 2017 at 10:00 AM PDT. As in previous years, tickets will be distributed by lottery to registered developers who wish to attend. Last year, tickets cost $1599, but Apple offers scholarships for students that include lodging. MacDeployment: June 8–9 2017 -- A two-day conference starting on June 8th at the University of Calgary in Canada, MacDeployment is dedicated to the best practices in Mac deployment and maintenance. Registration will open in April. X World: June 29–30, 2017 -- For those who manage Mac and iOS installations in a support, lab manager, network technician, or systems administrator role, the Australian Apple University Consortium puts on the X World conference. Session and registration information are not yet available, but the conference will take place at the University of Technology Sydney. MacAdmins: July 11–14, 2017 -- Hosted at the Penn Stater Conference Center Hotel in State College, PA, the MacAdmins conference offers over 50 technical sessions on Mac and iOS deployment plus networking opportunities for over 400 Apple-focused admins. Details about sessions, speakers, and conference fees are not yet set, but rooms at recommended hotels can be found for around $100 per night. The registration will include workshops, breakout sessions, networking events, and breakfast, lunch, and dinner throughout the event. Macstock Conference & Expo: July 15–16, 2017 -- Returning for its third year, Macstock 2017 will be held July 15th and 16th at the Luecht Conference Center in Crystal Lake, IL. The $199 premium ticket admission to all speaker and roundtable sessions, lunch, dinner, breakfast, a T-shirt, the new Macstock Swap Trading Zone, admission to Barry’s Midwest Mac Mingle After Party, and a complimentary pint glass. If you don’t want to go to the after-party or need a pint glass, you can get a $169 standard ticket, and if you have only one day to attend, an $89 single-day ticket gives you a choice Saturday or Sunday. Speakers will include Chuck Joiner of MacVoices, developer Brett Terpstra, and Allison Sheridan of Nosillacast, among a variety of other well-known members of the Apple media and user group world. Refreshingly, Macstock is aimed at Apple enthusiasts of all experience levels, making it one of the few conferences that’s open to the everyday Apple user who just wants to learn more and hobnob with like-minded people. Sessions are identified as being appropriate for beginners or intermediate users. FileMaker Developer Conference: July 24–27, 2017 -- This one’s pretty specific, but since the FileMaker Developer Conference is open to the public and FileMaker is an Apple subsidiary, we’re including it. It takes place from July 24th through 27th at the JW Marriott Phoenix Desert Ridge in Phoenix. Early bird registration is $999 until 28 April 2017 after which it goes up by $100. Apple Market Forum: August 2017 -- Organized by Macworld/iWorld veteran Paul Kent and the Mac Observer co-founder Dave Hamilton, Apple Market Forum will offer “2 days of analysis, vision and insights into the dynamics, tools and technology that are defining the Apple Marketplace.” Details are sparse, but the AMF will have room for only 350 attendees so you’ll want sign up on the priority registration list to stay in the loop. iOSDevCampDC: August 4, 2017 -- iOSDevCampDC is a one-day "unconference" for iOS developers that will take place in McLean, VA. Stay tuned for additional details. 360|iDev: August 13–16, 2017 -- Claiming to be “the Leading indie iOS/Mac (and watchOS, and tvOS) developer conference,” 360|iDev is scheduled for August 13th through 16th at the Grand Hyatt Denver in Denver. Registration is $799 for indie developers and $1049 for enterprise developers. The fee includes hands-on pre-conference training, lunch every day, and receptions on the first two days. Speaker and session details aren’t yet available. Indie DevStock: September 2017 -- A conference for developers at the Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center in Nashville, Indie DevStock is organized by women and will probably take place in September. No details are yet available. Sign up for their mailing list to be notified when tickets go on sale. try! Swift: September and November 2017 -- While the Tokyo instantiation of this conference is already over, try! Swift is returning to New York City in September and expanding to Bangalore in November. Details have yet to be announced, but try! Swift is described as “an immersive community gathering about Swift Language Best Practices, Application Development in Swift, Server-Side Swift, Open Source Swift, and the Swift Community.” You can sign up to receive more information. iOSDevUK: September 4–7, 2017 -- Focused on iOS development topics, the seventh installment of iOSDevUK will take place from September 4th through 7th. No other details are forthcoming, although the organizers say that tickets will go on sale before Easter. iBooks Author Conference: October 12–13, 2017 -- A gathering of the iBooks Author user community at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, the iBooks Author Conference focuses on educators, entrepreneurs, trainers, and authors. The main conference will be on October 12th and 13th. Early bird admission is $560 through 1 April 2017 with the price jumping by $70 after that. The keynote speaker will be Scott Bolton, a NASA astrophysicist and author of “Destination: Jupiter.” Other speakers will include the Apple Distinguished Educator Jason LaMar, Denise Clifton of Tandemvines Publishing, and author Luke Asa Guidici. Release Notes: October 16–18, 2017 -- While many conferences aimed at Mac and iOS developers have some sessions that cover business issues, the Release Notes conference aims squarely at that topic, building in plenty of time for essential networking. Scheduled for October 16th through 18th in Chicago. Details about speakers, sessions, and registration prices aren’t yet available, but you can sign up to be alerted when they’re decided upon. Last year’s speakers included Christina Warren of Gizmodo, David Sparks of MacSparky, Stephen Hackett of Relay FM, Jaimee Newberry of MartianCraft, and Rich Siegel of Bare Bones Software. MacTrack Legal: October 19–21, 2017 -- If you’re a Mac-using lawyer, check out the MacTrack Legal conference, held at Disney World in Orlando, FL. Speakers will include Katie Floyd, an attorney who co-hosts the Mac Power Users podcast with David Sparks of MacSparky, Randy Juip, and Tom Lambotte. Sessions will cover document workflow, communicating via video, GTD productivity, automated marketing systems, best practices in case management, and intermediate to advanced PDF work. The conference hotel is within walking distance of Disney’s Epcot, and the conference will overlap with the Epcot International Food & Wine Festival for anyone who wants to venture out of the conference or bring a spouse looking for something else to do. Early bird tickets cost $725 through 1 May 2017, with general admission after that priced at $825 and last-minute registration at $925. You can save $50 by using the coupon code TIDBITS. Jamf Nation User Conference: October 24–26, 2017 -- Much of being an Apple IT administrator these days involves device management. Jamf, one of the leading suppliers of device management systems with Jamf Pro (previously known as Casper) and Jamf Now (previously called Bushel), puts on the Jamf Nation User Conference (JNUC) with the purpose of “empowering people, transforming business processes and making IT life easier.” Held in downtown Minneapolis, the JNUC provides product demo and preview sessions, in-depth tech sessions, sessions dedicated to Apple services, and certification courses. Registration fees range from $499 to $1099, depending on when you sign up and if you’re in the education market. MacTech Conference: November 15–17, 2017 -- While the MacTech Pro events fit into a single day and travel around the country, the Los Angeles-based MacTech Conference offers attendees three days of sessions, seminars, and vendor interaction, plus pre-conference workshops and a pair of superlative evening activities. We’ve attended a number of times (see “MacTech Conference 2012 Opens Mental Doors,” 22 October 2012, “MacTech Conference 2013 Abounds with Networking and Fun,” 11 November 2013, and “Three Highlights from MacTech Conference 2015,” 9 November 2015) and recommend it to Apple IT professionals. It’s too early for there to be a list of speakers or sessions, but now is a good time to pencil MacTech Conference onto your calendar for November 15th through 17th, with pre-conference workshops on the 14th. Early bird tickets currently cost $949; the price will rise to $1599 eventually. Others? -- If we’ve missed any notable Apple-focused conferences that are open to the public and attract attendees from a broad geographic area, please let us know in the comments, and we’ll look into adding them. We do know that NSNorth is taking a year off, but may return in the future. A number of conferences from last year are either not returning in 2017 or say nothing online about their 2017 plans. If you know more about what’s happening with one of these conferences, tell us, and we’ll update the article appropriately. /dev/world AltConf CocoaLove MacSysAdmin NSSpain   PDFpen is your Swiss Army knife for PDFs. Slice and dice with tools for reviewing, editing, signing, redacting, and exporting to Word. With v.8 use digital signatures, and view file & audio attachments. Solve your PDF dilemmas, try PDFpen. <http://smle.us/pdfpen8-tb>   Comments about 27 Conferences for Mac and iOS Professionals in 2017 To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you make your living in the Apple world as a consultant, developer, designer, or tech, there are a wide variety of conferences you can attend to hone your skills, learn new topics, network with your fellow wizards, and open your mind to new ways of thinking. Here’s our list for 2017. Be sure to let us know if you run across any others. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment iBooks Author Conference  2017-03-20 16:54 Thanks for including the 2017 iBooks Author Conference (www.iBooksAuthorConference.com) in this list. Very cool to see some of these other interesting events taking place around the world in support of the Apple ecosystem! Reply Richard Smith  2017-03-20 17:19 jamf NATION User Conference, October 24-26, 2017 For MacAdmins, aimed at admins that use/manage jamf PRO/NOW. An MDM solution for both macOS and iOS. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-20 19:20 Thanks, we've added it in. Reply Henry Larsen  2017-03-20 23:41 Sorry, but in this article you guys repeatedly set off a loud annoyance buzzer for me and, I expect, more than a few others. What's the problem? Well, here are a few examples: Mdevcon: ... Amsterdam, Netherlands IOSCon: ... London, England Don't all educated people (such as those who might be interested in attending a tech conference) know where Amsterdam is?!? (And it's 'the Netherlands' by the way.) If you mean Amsterdam, New York, then, OK, specify that. Otherwise the city name suffices. Likewise London. CocoaConf: ... Chicago, IL Is there even another Chicago, anywhere? App Builders Switzerland: ... Zürich, Switzerland Gosh, do you really think your readers are so stupid that they might think the App Builders _Switzerland_ conference is possibly in Zürich, Alabama? &c., &c., &c. Now, I understand that most of your readers are American and many observers have noted that Americans may be more geographically challenged than others -- but that's no reason to pander to them. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-21 09:06 From a publishing standpoint, we juggle completeness versus brevity all the time. For this article, we chose to be complete in terms of providing U.S. states or countries with the city name in most cases. I honestly wasn't paying that much attention to the place names this time around in favor of focusing on the dates and other details. Now that you point it out, it does look a little awkward, so I'll go through and trim out the obvious ones. I somehow doubt that most people know where Crystal Lake and State College are, so I'll leave those. Reply Richard Smith  2017-03-21 18:08 On that note, a consistency issue, you have the list mostly sorted by date, so I'm wondering why MacAdmins: July 11–14, 2017, is listed above X World: June 29–30, 2017. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-21 19:21 Good eye — fixed! Reply Tom Harrington  2017-03-21 21:36 Thanks! There's also the upcoming iOSDevCamp Colorado, next month! It's an informal developer conference in Colorado Springs. http://iosdevcampcolorado.com/post/158134864828/iosdevcamp-colorado-springs-2017 Reply Darren Wallace  2017-03-22 13:20 Not sure how well this would fit in but we've just finished the second ever MacADUK conference (http://www.macad.uk) this year (2017). Although not to the letter of the article title, it is more than 12 months away :) Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-22 13:26 We'll put it on the list to include next year! And next year we'll try to get this article done in January. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you make your living in the Apple world as a consultant, developer, designer, or tech, there are a wide variety of conferences you can attend to hone your skills, learn new topics, network with your fellow wizards, and open your mind to new ways of thinking. Here’s our list for 2017. Be sure to let us know if you run across any others. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst and Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year Trending in Apple Best iPhone apps for controlling your HomeKit devices Trending in Apple Drone Diary: The DJI Mavic Pro flies autonomously using the Litchi app March 21 AAPL: 139.84 -1.62 Hands on with Apple’s new PRODUCT(RED) iPhone 7 Plus [Video] Chance Miller - Mar. 21st 2017 3:55 pm PT @ChanceHMiller iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Earlier today, Apple officially unveiled its new PRODUCT(RED) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. After being rumored for several months, Apple confirmed the device’s existence and announced the continuation of its (RED) partnership. Now, YouTuber Marques Brownlee, or MKBHD, has gotten his hands on the new red-colored iPhone 7 Plus and put it through the full unboxing and first-look treatment… Mujjo Wallet iPhone 7 Case As you can see in the video below, most of the unboxing experience is the same with the (RED) iPhone 7 Plus as it is with any of the standard models. What you do get, however, is a PRODUCT(RED) insert that offers a few details on Apple’s charity work with the foundation and encourages users to visit the website: In partnership with (RED), Apple will contribute a portion of your iPhone purchase to the Global Fund to support HIV/AIDS programs and help deliver an AIDS-free generation. Learn more or donate at http://www.RED.org. Throughout the video, MKBHD notes of the sleek anodized aluminum finish, also pointing out that the red color choice means the device likely won’t show fingerprints as notably as Apple’s other color choices do. MKBHD also compared the red iPhone 7 Plus to Apple’s other matte black and Jet Black color options, which can be seen in the image above. All in all, I think the red looks pretty sharp. Like many, however, Brownlee pointed out the odd choice of a white front bezel design, as opposed to black. Earlier today, we shared concept images imagining a (RED) iPhone 7 with a black bezel design.  Brownlee, however, also noted that Apple could have made the Touch ID ring red as well, for an even closer attention to detail. For those unfamiliar, Apple’s partnership with (RED) sees the company donate a portion of sales to the foundation to promote HIV/AIDS research. Apple noted in its press release this morning that its partnership with (RED) has seen it contribute more than $130 million. That number makes it the world’s largest corporate donor to the Global Fund. What do you think of Apple’s new PRODUCT(RED) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus? Check out MKBHD’s video below and let us know your thoughts down in the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Bose QuietComfort 35s Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor Phillips Hue Light Strip Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money You Don't Need More Money Advice, You Just Need Advice You Can Relate To Stop Spending On Weekdays To Rein In Impulse Shopping How 'Once In A Lifetime' Mentality Screws Up Your Budget Hump Day Deals: Cheap iPhones, Free HDTV, Dick Smith Clearance Home Make Fantastic Short Ribs In 10 Minutes By Grilling Them Like Steak Major Home Design Styles Around The World Explained [Infographic] How To Make Your Kitchen Look Clean When You're Too Lazy To Actually Clean It How To Get Silicone Goop Out Of Your Hair Entertainment Everything You Need To Know About VR The Best Shows Available On Stan's Offline Mode Lin-Manuel Miranda Made You A Playlist To Help With Your Writer's Block Ultraviolet Is As Good As Dead Travel Google Maps Can Now Find Your Parked Car For You Save On A Wi-Fi Day Pass By Buying It On The First, Shorter Leg Of Your Flight Google Maps Can Now Share Your Location With Friends In Real-Time Storm Warning: NSW Is About To Get Even Wetter Health All The Ways Snoring Affects Your Health What I Learned Running My First Marathon Your Gym Should Either Be Super Close Or Super Nice Lovehacker: My Friend's Hot Wife Just Made A Move On Me Design Quickly Improve A Smartphone Portrait In Photoshop With A Simple Depth Of Field Effect Learn How To Knit In Eight Easy GIFs This Shutter Cheat Sheet Helps You Find The Perfect Settings For Your Camera This One-Minute Video Shows You How To Make An Animated GIF In Photoshop Work Productivity The Power User's Guide To Safari I'm Emmanuel Schalit, CEO Of Dashlane, And This Is How I Work Kindle For iPhone Adds A 'Send To Kindle' Button To Safari To Simplify Saving Articles To Read Later You Can Now Clear Out Wasted Storage In The Twitter iPhone App Communicate Shift Is A Desktop Email Client That Easily Switches Between Gmail Accounts Clips Is A New Video-Sharing App For iPhone And iPad Red iPhone 7: Specifications, Pricing And Availability 10 TED Talks That Could Improve Your Life Organise Briefly: Aussie Sports Ranked, Space DNA, New Pokemon GO Monsters Briefly: Ghost In The Shell, Tesla In Brisbane, iZombie Trailer Magnet For Mac Is The Window Management Tool I've Desperately Needed Briefly: Magical Mars, Banned In Oz, Wi-Fi Hacks Career 18 Ways To Improve Your Resume, Backed By Science [Infographic] Ask LH: What's The Minimum Employable Age In Australia? Killer Interview Question: If You Could Start Over, What Would You Do Differently? How I Succeeded: McGuigan Wines' Neil McGuigan Business Travel It's Official: New Zealand Is Better Than Australia How Electric Cars Can Help Save The Grid Car Polution Is A Bigger Problem Than You Think Is Booking Travel Through A Site Like Expedia Worth It? Security Reminder: Google Is An Ad Company Why Mac Apps Occasionally Ask For Access To Accessibility Features How To Securely Dispose Of An SSD We've Brought These Stupid 'Internet Of Things' Hacks Upon Ourselves Small Business & Startups Yes, Your Business Still Needs A Website (That Doesn't Suck) Experts Believe Amazon Will Destroy Australian Retail Elevator Pitch: FitazFK The Federal Government Wants To Buy $900 Million Of Tech From Australian Startups IT Pro Cloud Mac-to-Surface Migration Tool Released Your Dropbox Public Folder Isn't Public Any More Deals: Get 2TB Of Cloud Storage For Life What Cloud Tools Are Australian Startups Using? IT Career Matching Your Values With Your Employer? Ask LH: My Boss Refuses To Give Me A Reference, What Can I Do? Management Tips Inspired By A Gulf War Leader 12 Hobbies That Look Great On Your Resume (And One That Doesn't) IT Security Battle Of The Browsers: Edge Hacked Five Times In Pwn2Own Comp Security Scorecard: Tech 0, Stupid 1 Intel Joins The Bug Bounty Party Microsoft Offers Big Bug Bounty Program Developer Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Twitter Publishes New Periscope API Why Is It So Hard To Make Video Games For Kids? Glitch Is A Collaborative Coding Site Based Around Remixing Existing Code Deployment What Features Have You Recently Discovered On Your Devices? How To Gauge The Trustworthiness Of Analyst Reports Amazon Is About To Kick Traditional Retail’s Butt When Work Gets You Down, Attribute It To Your Passion For The Job To Bounce Back Faster Servers The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Intel Says Their New SSD Is The World’s Most Responsive Hands On With The Synology DS916+ NAS Seagate Brings 12TB Drives To The Market Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers How To Gauge The Trustworthiness Of Analyst Reports Revealed: The Unhealthiest Burgers From Australia's Top Fast Food Chains Amazon Is About To Kick Traditional Retail’s Butt It's Official: New Zealand Is Better Than Australia Red iPhone 7: Specifications, Pricing And Availability Chris Jager Mar 22, 2017, 10:30am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories feature iphone 7 iphone 7 plus smartphones Share Image: Apple Apple has just unveiled a red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. This is the technology equivalent of Malibu Stacy releasing a new hat, but we're still weirdly excited by the finish. Plus, it supports charity. Here are the details. The red iPhone 7 has been created in partnership with AIDS charity (RED), an organisation Apple has worked with for more than 10 years. Interestingly, this is the first time Apple has ever offered a red version of its flagship product. According to Apple's website, a portion of the proceeds from every red iPhone purchase will go to the Global Fund to fight AIDS in Africa. Apple doesn't disclose how much, but when you consider the number of iPhones it sells, even a fraction of a cent can help to make a difference. Red iPhone Availability The red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available from March 25. Specifications The red iPhone sports an identical build to previous versions of iPhone 7 or 7 Plus: it's just red. It shares a similar design to the iPhone 6 but with a few notable changes including a revamped, pressure-sensitive home button and a new CPU comprising two high performance cores and two high efficiency cores. Controversially, it also lacks a 3.5mm headphone jack. Instead, a single Lightning port takes care of both charging and listening duties. (There's an adaptor in the box for those who refuse to part with their existing headphones.) Here's a look at the chief specifications of the red iPhone: iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus OS iOS 10 iOS 10 Dimensions 138.3mm x 67.1mm x 7.1mm 158.2mm x 77.9mm x 7.3mm Weight 138g 188g CPU Apple A10 Fusion Quad core with six-core graphics GPU Apple A10 Fusion Quad core with six-core graphics GPU Memory/Storage 128/256 GB, 2 GB RAM 128/256 GB, 2 GB RAM Display 4.7-inch Retina HD Display 5.5-inch Retina HD Display Resolution 750 x 1334 pixels (~326 ppi) 1080 x 1920 (401 ppi) Camera 12MP rear (f/1.8, phase detection autofocus), 7MP front Dual 12MP rear (f/1.8, 28mm and f/2.8, 56mm), phase detection autofocus), 7MP front Colours Jet Black, Black, Silver, Gold, Rose Gold Jet Black, Black, Silver, Gold, Rose Gold Red iPhone Pricing The outright cost of the red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus varies depending on how much storage you want. For iPhone 7: iPhone 7, 128GB $1229 iPhone 7, 256GB $1379 As for the iPhone 7 Plus: iPhone 7, 128GB $1419 iPhone 7, 256GB $1569 Like the Jet Black iPhone 7, you will only be able to get the red iPhone in 128GB and 256GB capacities. (32GB is only for ghetto colours, apparently.) [Via Apple] Comments worm @worm Mar 22, 2017, 7:44pm This is awesome. I can see the hotness of red iphone Reply 0 Mono Guest Mar 23, 2017, 1:46pm Anyone know if this is a limited edition, or just a new colour introduced? I haven't seen anything saying either way, so I assume it's just an addition? Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Rules To Remember When You Visit A Nude Beach Alan Henry 21 Mar 2017 5:00 PM When it comes to nude beaches, there are some simple rules of etiquette that transcend borders. This video from the folks at Rev3 breaks them all down nicely. It's Official: New Zealand Is Better Than Australia Chris Jager 22 Mar 2017 2:30 PM The latest World Happiness Report has just been released by the United Nations. The top ten was dominated by Northern Europe, with Norway taking out the top spot. The only countries in the Southern Hemisphere to make the cut were New Zealand and Australia - with the former beating the latter. That's right. Kiwis are officially happier and have better lives than their Antipodean neighbours. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals The Best Deals From Ebay's Massive Tech Sale [Updated] Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Deals: This Coffee Mug Will Bring Out Your Inner Child Trending Articles 1 Rules To Remember When You Visit A Nude Beach 2 It's Official: New Zealand Is Better Than Australia 3 Lovehacker: My Friend's Hot Wife Just Made A Move On Me A Boy Cares Only For His Pet Scorpion In This Funny And Surprising Animated Short Try And Watch This Bonkers Spinning Office Chair For More Than Five Seconds Without Puking Disney, Give Me A Gaston Prequel To Beauty And The Beast The Directors Of Swiss Army Man Are Making A Sci-Fi Movie Yu-Gi-Oh! Hair Looks Really Weird In Real Life Explaining Japanese Geek Slang: 'Babumi' For Honor Director Addresses Expensive Emotes Poll: The Most Anticipated Anime Of Autumn 2017 Make Fantastic Short Ribs In 10 Minutes By Grilling Them Like Steak All The Ways Snoring Affects Your Health Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Briefly: Aussie Sports Ranked, Space DNA, New Pokemon GO Monsters Trump's approval rating craters in poll -- and his base is the culprit Ford slashes its guidance Here's the real scientific link between grey hair and stress Ryan Gosling explains why he couldn't stop laughing during the Oscars best-picture fiasco © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote IS group claims responsibility for London car, knife attack Israel police arrest suspect in threats on US Jewish targets Spying claim by House intel chair renews fight over Russia probe Carver County surpasses 100,000 people in latest Census estimates Police officer, 3 others killed in Wisconsin shootings Bob Dylan talks a lot about Minnesota in rare straight-forward interview Ex-Viking Boyd doubts concussion settlement will make up for shattered life Full-time social worker at Hennepin Central Library connects the homeless Jesus' restored tomb is unveiled in time for Easter Vikings' new running back Murray has ankle surgery; team aware it was needed next Variety 416716703 Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones By ANICK JESDANUN Associated Press March 21, 2017 — 4:13pm Apple via Associated Press Analysts said Tuesday announcement makes it “even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now.” Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint NEW YORK — Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn't materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. THE NEW LINEUP The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP Apple introduced an updated entry-level iPad with a lowered price. The company also revealed a red-colored iPhone. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn't have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday's announcement makes it "even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now — the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind." The processor in the new standard-size iPad, for instance, is akin to what's in the iPhone 6S from 2015. The Mini's processor is even older. DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren't upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. Far from holding a clearance sale, Vela said Apple is merely taking advantage of lower prices for older components. And Apple might be able to preserve higher profit margins by pushing people into a model with four times the storage, or 128 gigabytes; the extra storage costs Apple far less than the extra $100 that model sells for, Vela said. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet announcement by nearly a month, though Samsung's Android-based Galaxy Tab S3 doesn't actually start selling until this Friday, for $600. Vela doesn't consider it a serious threat to Apple. Even though the Tab S3 is more in line with iPad Pros in quality, Vela said people tend to buy Samsung tablets as media-consumption devices, something they can do with the cheaper iPads. Samsung also has two Windows 10 tablets coming. Called the Galaxy Book, the Windows devices are more likely to challenge Microsoft's Surface than iPads. Microsoft is due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Bob Dylan talks a lot about Minnesota in rare straight-forward interview Former Russian lawmaker shot dead in Ukraine GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote Ex-Viking Boyd doubts concussion settlement will make up for shattered life Pope's sex abuse adviser seeks to keep survivor voice heard Police officer, 3 others killed in Wisconsin shootings More From Variety Variety 4 minutes ago Less-educated middle-age US whites dying younger than others Middle-age white Americans with limited education are increasingly dying younger, on average, than other middle-age U.S. adults, a trend driven by their dwindling economic opportunities, research by two Princeton University economists has found. National 4 minutes ago Kentucky's new abortion law faces first legal test Kentucky's new law requiring doctors to perform an ultrasound exam before an abortion faces its first legal challenge Thursday in a federal courtroom. National 4 minutes ago Markets Right Now: US stocks open little changed The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):9:35 a.m.Stocks are barely changed as Congress continues to debate health care legislation, a key first… National 8 minutes ago By the numbers: Property values of theme parks in dispute Walt Disney World, Universal Orlando and SeaWorld are engaged in legal battles with the county appraiser and tax collector regarding what their massive properties are worth. The theme parks claim the Orange County appraiser has assessed the properties too highly, resulting in higher tax bills than they deserve. The market value of a property is what it is worth if it were sold on the open market; the assessed value is usually a lower figure the appraiser uses to arrive at a tax bill. National 8 minutes ago GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote The GOP's long-promised legislation to repeal and replace "Obamacare" stood on the brink just hours before Republican leaders planned to put it on the House floor for a showdown vote. Short of support, GOP leaders looked to President Donald Trump to close the deal with a crucial bloc of conservatives, in the first major legislative test of his young presidency. Top Stories GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote 8 minutes ago IS group claims responsibility for London car, knife attack 54 minutes ago Israel police arrest suspect in threats on US Jewish targets 24 minutes ago Most Read Bob Dylan talks a lot about Minnesota in rare straight-forward interview • Variety Steak, steak and steak: Manny's restaurant stays in top form over decades • Eat & Drink Vote in the Ultimate Beer Bracket Sudsy Sixteen of Minnesota breweries • Eat & Drink Minneapolis sues 'Rehab Addict' star Nicole Curtis, wants house back • TV & Media Uber in Twin Cities will bring puppy to your door for a 15-minute cuddle • Variety Taste We're all ears for British arlettes, a treat we know as elephant ears Enjoy big taste with little fuss with chicken thighs Home & Garden Lose a wall in your home, gain a dream kitchen What caught our eye at the Twin Cities' annual Parade of Homes? The Good Life Are you lonesome? How Minnesota seniors are combating social isolation 'Trapped' at home during elevator repair, Edina woman got creative, and 'peaceful' Celebrities Nancy Kerrigan told to 'break a leg' on 'Dancing With the Stars' by Kristi Yamaguchi Todd Fisher says mom Debbie Reynolds prepared him for her death Weekly feature Streetscapes Each Saturday, Star Tribune writers showcase Minnesota architecture. special feature Beautiful Gardens of the Twin Cities From October to April, we bring you into one Beautiful Garden a month. Movies Minnesota-made 'Wilson' found a perfect home here Disney's live-action 'Beauty and the Beast' is more like belle of the blah Music How did Gaelynn Lea, other Minnesota newcomers fare at SXSW music fest? No new album yet, but Tool returning to Xcel Center anyway June 9 Travel Stroll through history in Dominican Republic's underappreciated capital Chicago theaters cultivate nightlife offstage TV & Media Minneapolis sues 'Rehab Addict' star Nicole Curtis, wants house back 'Wheel of Fortune' contestant discovers the 'naked' truth of epic fail Stage & Arts American Swedish Institute exhibits fashions from extreme Nordic climes Female veterans, not actors, tell riveting tales of the battlefront at Guthrie special feature Advice Looking for some advice on love, family, life? Here are tips from the Star Tribune's experts. Books 4 books for young adults take on serious topics with humor, insight Review: 'Ice Ghosts: The Epic Hunt for the Lost Franklin Expedition," by Paul Watson Eat & Drink Steak, steak and steak: Manny's restaurant stays in top form over decades Hey, wait: Why many Twin Cities restaurants don't take reservations Giving Back Gala benefits put the fun in fundraising Choose your own (giving) adventure StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Apple takes aim at Snapchat, Instagram Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: JCC threats arrest ‘Survivor’: Epic tribal council Trump vs. kitten Raiders to Vegas plan The Kills kills The Trumps: Separate lives? Breaking News The Latest: EU security chief sees link with Brussels attack Business Apple takes aim at Snapchat, Instagram New Clips app will allow users to shoot, edit and share videos Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Courtesy of Apple Screenshots of Apple’s new Clips video app, which the company announced on Tuesday, March 21, 2017. The app, due out in April, will allow users to shoot, edit and share videos and incorporate into them filters, stickers and titles. By Troy Wolverton | twolverton@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: March 21, 2017 at 3:24 pm | UPDATED: March 22, 2017 at 4:15 am Apple seems to be aiming at Snapchat and Facebook’s Instagram with a new video-creation app. Dubbed Clips, the app promises to allow users to easily make videos by combining live takes with pre-recorded video clips and photographs. The app, which is set to debut next month as a free download for iPhones and iPads, will let users customize their videos with filters, special effects and virtual stickers. “Clips gives iPhone and iPad users a new way to express themselves through video,” Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of apps product marketing, said in a statement. The new app is an indication of the growing importance of cameras and video on smartphones and could portend new camera features on upcoming iPhone models, analysts said. A screenshot of Apple’s new Clips app on an iPad. Due out next month for certain iPhone, iPad and iPod touch models, the app will allow users to apply custom filters to videos. Courtesy of Apple Apps like Clips “are helping them make their device more attractive” to consumers, said Brian Blau, an analyst with market research firm Gartner who focuses on personal technologies. IPhones and iPads already come with a “Photos” app pre-installed that allows them to shoot videos. They can also download iMovie, an app that allows users to edit clips to create polished-looking videos and movie trailers. But the new Clips app is more akin to Snapchat and Instagram, social media apps that allow users to create fun photos and videos they can share easily with friends on social networks. Unlike those apps, though, Clips won’t be attached to a social network itself. Instead, users will be able to share the videos they create elsewhere, including in apps like Instagram, and via Apple’s Messages app. Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play store. Clips will have one thing that Snapchat and Instagram don’t, a feature Apple calls “Live Titles.” That feature will automatically create and add captions or titles to a video that echo what a user is saying. The app will automatically sync the text generated by Live Titles with the corresponding audio in the video. Clips will also allow users to add music clips to their videos that will automatically adjust to the length of their videos. The app represents an opportunity for Apple to show that the iPhone’s camera can do a lot more than simply take pictures or shoot videos, said Cathy Boyle, principal analyst for mobile at eMarketer, a market research firm. “They’re showing you that the camera paired with all the sensors on these devices is much more powerful than people thought it to be in the past,” Boyle said. It remains to be seen what effect Clips will have on Snapchat and Instagram, which are among the most popular apps on the iPhone. The fact that Clips users will be able to share the videos they create on Instagram and potentially on Snapchat could actually boost usage of both apps, Boyle said. But because it will offer similar tools to edit and enhance videos, it could also lead iPhone users to spend less time in those apps, Boyle said. That could hurt Snapchat in particular, because part of the company’s business model is to get other companies to pay to sponsor certain filters or stickers. “This could be a real challenge” for Snapchat, Boyle said. “What Apple is doing with this is to take back ownership of the camera.” But Apple will face challenges of its own with the new app. Because it’s something that users will have to download, rather than coming with their phones, Apple will face the same daunting problem that other companies encounter in trying to gain attention in the App Store, convince users to try out their apps and then use them regularly, said John Jackson, an analyst with tech research firm IDC. “This is a big ask for almost any app,” Jackson said. Users will have to be running Apple’s upcoming iOS 10.3 software to run Clips. The app will be available for the latest iPhones models beginning with the iPhone 5s and for all iPad Pro, iPad Air models and for the iPad mini models starting with the iPad mini 2. Apple announced the app on the same day that it announced minor updates to its iPad and iPhone lineups, including a new red iPhone 7 model. Screenshots from Apple’s new Clips app (Courtesy, Apple). Tags:  Apple Facebook Personal Technology Snapchat Social Networks Troy Wolverton Troy Wolverton writes the Tech Files column and covers consumer technology as the personal technology columnist for the Bay Area News Group. Previously, he covered Apple and the consumer electronics industry. Earlier, he reported on technology, business and financial issues for TheStreet.com and CNET News.com. Follow Troy Wolverton TechFiles.bayareanewsgroup Follow Troy Wolverton @troywolv Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Donald Trump’s lawyers target kitten website made by San Francisco teen Donald and Melania Trump: separate bedrooms, separate lives? Grieving San Jose mother victimized by burglar helps nab suspect Top 10 most affordable vacation destinations Purdy: NFL vote on Raiders’ move is going to be “yes”–but “yes” to what? Redwood City: Man who was killed after threatening estranged wife at workplace identified Matt Cain struggles to find himself, but perhaps he is looking for the wrong pitcher If Sears closes, these 26 Bay Area locations would be left vacant More in Business Should I report my tax-cheat friend? March 23, 2017, 6:44 am ‘I’m sick of watching this guy happily consume the services that we’re paying for and he’s not.’ San Francisco store allegedly sold clothes made of endangered species March 23, 2017, 4:43 am San Francisco prosecutors have charged the owner of a vintage clothing store with attempting to sell coats and other items made of endangered species, including jaguar and snow leopard. Biz Break: Demand for Pandora Premium could reach beyond listeners March 23, 2017, 4:50 am Pandora expected to see solid demand for new Premium service, which could affect any possible company acquisition price. Supply of Bay Area starter homes rises, but they’re still pricey March 23, 2017, 4:26 am A new analysis by Trulia shows the supply of starter homes rising year-over-year in the San Jose, Oakland and San Francisco metropolitan areas. But given the big picture and the chronic shortage of homes in the region, the growth is marginal. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Apple Apple is releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones Tue Mar 21st, 2017 4:27pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Associated Press NEW YORK — Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn’t materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. The new lineup The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. The missing device IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn’t have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday’s announcement makes it “even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now — the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind.” The processor in the new standard-size iPad, for instance, is akin to what’s in the iPhone 6S from 2015. The Mini’s processor is even older. Down but not out In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren’t upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. Far from holding a clearance sale, Vela said Apple is merely taking advantage of lower prices for older components. And Apple might be able to preserve higher profit margins by pushing people into a model with four times the storage, or 128 gigabytes; the extra storage costs Apple far less than the extra $100 that model sells for, Vela said. Challengers Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet announcement by nearly a month, though Samsung’s Android-based Galaxy Tab S3 doesn’t actually start selling until this Friday, for $600. Vela doesn’t consider it a serious threat to Apple. Even though the Tab S3 is more in line with iPad Pros in quality, Vela said people tend to buy Samsung tablets as media-consumption devices, something they can do with the cheaper iPads. Samsung also has two Windows 10 tablets coming. Called the Galaxy Book, the Windows devices are more likely to challenge Microsoft’s Surface than iPads. Microsoft is due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015.     Most Read Most expensive home in county ‘takes your breath away’ It looks like something plucked out of a European countryside and dropped… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jim Davis Sheriff peeved by federal shaming over immigration policy EVERETT — A new federal report calls out the Snohomish County Sheriff’s… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Commissioners reprimanded for racially insensitive remarks EVERETT — Jokes about race, even those made in private, serve to… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Rikki King Man in Snohomish dies after police use Taser during arrest SNOHOMISH — A man died in police custody overnight after an electronic… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Program for developmentally disabled adults looks to expand MARYSVILLE — A group of adults with developmental disabilities, plus a handful… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Apple takes aim at Snapchat, Instagram Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: JCC threats arrest ‘Survivor’: Epic tribal council Trump vs. kitten Raiders to Vegas plan The Kills kills The Trumps: Separate lives? Breaking News The Latest: EU security chief sees link with Brussels attack Business Apple takes aim at Snapchat, Instagram New Clips app will allow users to shoot, edit and share videos Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Courtesy of Apple Screenshots of Apple’s new Clips video app, which the company announced on Tuesday, March 21, 2017. The app, due out in April, will allow users to shoot, edit and share videos and incorporate into them filters, stickers and titles. By Troy Wolverton | twolverton@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: March 21, 2017 at 3:24 pm | UPDATED: March 22, 2017 at 4:15 am Apple seems to be aiming at Snapchat and Facebook’s Instagram with a new video-creation app. Dubbed Clips, the app promises to allow users to easily make videos by combining live takes with pre-recorded video clips and photographs. The app, which is set to debut next month as a free download for iPhones and iPads, will let users customize their videos with filters, special effects and virtual stickers. “Clips gives iPhone and iPad users a new way to express themselves through video,” Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of apps product marketing, said in a statement. The new app is an indication of the growing importance of cameras and video on smartphones and could portend new camera features on upcoming iPhone models, analysts said. A screenshot of Apple’s new Clips app on an iPad. Due out next month for certain iPhone, iPad and iPod touch models, the app will allow users to apply custom filters to videos. Courtesy of Apple Apps like Clips “are helping them make their device more attractive” to consumers, said Brian Blau, an analyst with market research firm Gartner who focuses on personal technologies. IPhones and iPads already come with a “Photos” app pre-installed that allows them to shoot videos. They can also download iMovie, an app that allows users to edit clips to create polished-looking videos and movie trailers. But the new Clips app is more akin to Snapchat and Instagram, social media apps that allow users to create fun photos and videos they can share easily with friends on social networks. Unlike those apps, though, Clips won’t be attached to a social network itself. Instead, users will be able to share the videos they create elsewhere, including in apps like Instagram, and via Apple’s Messages app. Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play store. Clips will have one thing that Snapchat and Instagram don’t, a feature Apple calls “Live Titles.” That feature will automatically create and add captions or titles to a video that echo what a user is saying. The app will automatically sync the text generated by Live Titles with the corresponding audio in the video. Clips will also allow users to add music clips to their videos that will automatically adjust to the length of their videos. The app represents an opportunity for Apple to show that the iPhone’s camera can do a lot more than simply take pictures or shoot videos, said Cathy Boyle, principal analyst for mobile at eMarketer, a market research firm. “They’re showing you that the camera paired with all the sensors on these devices is much more powerful than people thought it to be in the past,” Boyle said. It remains to be seen what effect Clips will have on Snapchat and Instagram, which are among the most popular apps on the iPhone. The fact that Clips users will be able to share the videos they create on Instagram and potentially on Snapchat could actually boost usage of both apps, Boyle said. But because it will offer similar tools to edit and enhance videos, it could also lead iPhone users to spend less time in those apps, Boyle said. That could hurt Snapchat in particular, because part of the company’s business model is to get other companies to pay to sponsor certain filters or stickers. “This could be a real challenge” for Snapchat, Boyle said. “What Apple is doing with this is to take back ownership of the camera.” But Apple will face challenges of its own with the new app. Because it’s something that users will have to download, rather than coming with their phones, Apple will face the same daunting problem that other companies encounter in trying to gain attention in the App Store, convince users to try out their apps and then use them regularly, said John Jackson, an analyst with tech research firm IDC. “This is a big ask for almost any app,” Jackson said. Users will have to be running Apple’s upcoming iOS 10.3 software to run Clips. The app will be available for the latest iPhones models beginning with the iPhone 5s and for all iPad Pro, iPad Air models and for the iPad mini models starting with the iPad mini 2. Apple announced the app on the same day that it announced minor updates to its iPad and iPhone lineups, including a new red iPhone 7 model. Screenshots from Apple’s new Clips app (Courtesy, Apple). Tags:  Apple Facebook Personal Technology Snapchat Social Networks Troy Wolverton Troy Wolverton writes the Tech Files column and covers consumer technology as the personal technology columnist for the Bay Area News Group. Previously, he covered Apple and the consumer electronics industry. Earlier, he reported on technology, business and financial issues for TheStreet.com and CNET News.com. Follow Troy Wolverton TechFiles.bayareanewsgroup Follow Troy Wolverton @troywolv Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Donald Trump’s lawyers target kitten website made by San Francisco teen Donald and Melania Trump: separate bedrooms, separate lives? Grieving San Jose mother victimized by burglar helps nab suspect Top 10 most affordable vacation destinations Purdy: NFL vote on Raiders’ move is going to be “yes”–but “yes” to what? Redwood City: Man who was killed after threatening estranged wife at workplace identified Matt Cain struggles to find himself, but perhaps he is looking for the wrong pitcher If Sears closes, these 26 Bay Area locations would be left vacant More in Business Should I report my tax-cheat friend? March 23, 2017, 6:44 am ‘I’m sick of watching this guy happily consume the services that we’re paying for and he’s not.’ San Francisco store allegedly sold clothes made of endangered species March 23, 2017, 4:43 am San Francisco prosecutors have charged the owner of a vintage clothing store with attempting to sell coats and other items made of endangered species, including jaguar and snow leopard. Biz Break: Demand for Pandora Premium could reach beyond listeners March 23, 2017, 4:50 am Pandora expected to see solid demand for new Premium service, which could affect any possible company acquisition price. Supply of Bay Area starter homes rises, but they’re still pricey March 23, 2017, 4:26 am A new analysis by Trulia shows the supply of starter homes rising year-over-year in the San Jose, Oakland and San Francisco metropolitan areas. But given the big picture and the chronic shortage of homes in the region, the growth is marginal. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers · : · : · : · UNTIL PRICES RISE FOR Learn More Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Until prices rise for TNW Conference. Learn more > Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Apple blackmailed by hackers over stolen photos and iPhone credentials by Mix — in Apple Credit: Unsplash 536 shares A mischievous band of hackers is reportedly trying to shake down Apple over a large trove of stolen iPhone credentials, including iCloud and other Apple email accounts. The attackers – who identified themselves as ‘Turkish Crime Family’ – are seeking to receive $75,000 in the popular cryptocurrency Bitcoin or the less known alternative, Ethereum. They will, however, also settle for $100,000 worth of iTunes gift cards, Motherboard reports. Ever been to a tech festival? TNW Conference won best European Event 2016 for our festival vibe. See what's in store for 2017. LEARN MORE “I just want my money and thought this would be an interesting report that a lot of Apple customers would be interested in reading and hearing,” a member of Turkish Crime Family told the publication. The hackers have since shared screenshots of their communication with the Apple security team, as well as access to the email address they used to contact the company. The email exchanges further indicate the attackers have also provided Apple’s team with a YouTube video that shows one of the Turkish Crime Family members allegedly logging into the account of an elderly woman, filled with backed-up photos and the ability to remotely purge all content from the device. Although the Big A does have its own bug bounty program, its policy goes against rewarding ‘cyber criminals’ with any compensation. “We firstly kindly request you to remove the video that you have uploaded on your YouTube channel as it’s seeking unwanted attention, second of all we would like you to know that we do not reward cyber criminals for breaking the law,” one of the provided emails from Apple’s security team reads. Perhaps in an effort to put more pressure on the Cupertino titan, the hackers have threatened to begin wiping out numerous iCloud accounts if Apple refuses to comply with their request by April 7. According to Motherboard, Turkish Crime Family claims it has access to over 300 million breached Apple accounts; though it appears there might be some inconsistencies in their story, as another member of the collective said a total of 559 million accounts have been compromised. Coincidentally, the blackmail attempt comes a week after hackers leaked a large collection of stolen celebrity nude photos, which were reportedly stored in iCloud. There’s nothing to suggest Turkish Crime Family had anything to do with this attack, however. In any case: Better think twice before putting your nude pic archive in the cloud. We have contacted Apple for further comment and will update this piece accordingly if we hear back. Read next: Help us help: 20 used smartphones to fight Female Genital Mutilation AppleInsightsiPhone Share on Facebook (184) Share on Twitter (275) Mix is a reporter from Amsterdam. Happy to hear your thoughts on dimitar@thenextweb.com or @Mixtatiq on Twitter. Mix is a tech writer based in Amsterdam that loves cinema and probably hates the movies that you like. Tell him everything you despise about his work on Twitter or pitch him your terrible ideas via email. Contact Mail Tweet Location Amsterdam Posts 577 Posts / mo. 30.96   All posts by Dimitar > The latest articles around Apple Apple denies iCloud security breach despite evidence from hackers Mix Apple acquires automation app Workflow and makes it free Abhimanyu Ghoshal Sorry Apple, but the iMessage App Store sucks Bryan Clark Here's some more distraction How to create a successful corporate-startup collaboration TNW with BNP Paribas Nintendo offers fix for Switch but won't admit it's broken Rachel Kaser A tale of tech giants: How Philips competes with the likes of Google to reinvent an entire industry TNW with Philips Hate speech leads to thousands in donations for girl coders Rachel Kaser Is your business really ready to grow? TNW with TMF Group Reddit adds user profiles to morph into a real social network Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended 13 international cities perfect for business expansion Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Human bias is making AI racist Bryan Clark 2 Facebook demographics analysis reveals several startling truths Simon Kemp 3 Apple's new video sharing app is called Clips Matthew Hughes 4 Google turns Search into an app launcher (and it's a pretty big deal) Napier Lopez 5 Apple launches 'special' new red iPhone and revamped iPad Mix Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Apple reimagines the iPhone as a MacBook touchpad Matthew Hughes Apple denies iCloud security breach despite evidence from hackers Mix ABC News learns a hard lesson about Twitter account security Matthew Hughes Congress could soon allow ISPs to sell your browsing history without your consent Abhimanyu Ghoshal BlackBerry's clever new Android app keeps people from peeping at your screen Abhimanyu Ghoshal Jason Fried Projections are just bullshit. They're just guesses. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Food & Dining Unleash your inner food critic. Vote daily in the Dining Awards. Business Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones ANICK JESDANUNAssociated Press Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn't materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. THE NEW LINEUP The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn't have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday's announcement makes it "even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now — the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind." The processor in the new standard-size iPad, for instance, is akin to what's in the iPhone 6S from 2015. The Mini's processor is even older. DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren't upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. Far from holding a clearance sale, Vela said Apple is merely taking advantage of lower prices for older components. And Apple might be able to preserve higher profit margins by pushing people into a model with four times the storage, or 128 gigabytes; the extra storage costs Apple far less than the extra $100 that model sells for, Vela said. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet announcement by nearly a month, though Samsung's Android-based Galaxy Tab S3 doesn't actually start selling until this Friday, for $600. Vela doesn't consider it a serious threat to Apple. Even though the Tab S3 is more in line with iPad Pros in quality, Vela said people tend to buy Samsung tablets as media-consumption devices, something they can do with the cheaper iPads. Samsung also has two Windows 10 tablets coming. Called the Galaxy Book, the Windows devices are more likely to challenge Microsoft's Surface than iPads. Microsoft is due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. ___ AP Technology Writer Mae Anderson contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Apple iPad Apple Inc. Apple iPhone Microsoft Corporation Microsoft Surface Tim Cook Want to see Willis Tower's Skydeck from the outside? Baby born with four legs undergoes life-changing surgery at Advocate Children's Hospital Starbucks will launch its new U.S. lunch menu in Chicago Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 34°
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus revealed as Apple teams up with AIDS charity for new colour option Apple has released a new version of its flagship iPhone 7 in a fetching shade of red By:   Daily Times Monitor 22-Mar-17 622 Top News Zardari expresses outrage over NAB case against him 23-Mar-17 613 KARACHI: Former president Asif ... President, PM urge nation to work for unity on Pakistan Day 23-Mar-17 497 ISLAMABAD: President Mamnoon H ... Apple has launched a red version of its flagship iPhone 7 and 7 Plus smartphones, expanding the range of options available to customers. The red model will join Apple's existing choice of colours, which includes silver, gold, rose gold, black and "jet black". The red model marks more than 10 years of partnership between Apple and AIDS charity, founded by U2 frontman Bono and activist Bobby Shriver. Buying the phone gives customers a way to contribute to the Global Fund and bring the world a step closer to an AIDS-free generation, while also boasting a special edition Apple device. The red iPhone will be available to order online worldwide and in stores beginning Friday, March 24. It will be available in 128GB and 256GB models starting at £699 from Apple.com and Apple Stores, and from Apple Authorised Resellers and select carriers. "Since we began working with Red 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products," said Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook. "The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest Red offering to date in celebration of our partnership with Red, and we can't wait to get it into customers' hands." First launched in September 2016, the iPhone 7 sports the same aluminium design and rounded edges as the iPhone 6 and 6s, but this time without the iconic antenna lines across the back. It is both water and dust resistant, with a classification known as IP67, meaning it can be submerged in water to a depth of roughly 1 metre for up to 30 minutes. The iPhone 7's Retina HD display is 25% brighter than on the iPhone 6S, while retaining the 3D Touch capability. It also features a new "force-sensitive" Home button, meaning it works together with a new Taptic engine to give users haptic feedback when pressed. There's no headphone jack on the iPhone 7, meaning users need to connect their headphones either over Bluetooth or via the device's Lightning port. The iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping £799. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus COPY CODE SNIPPET sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Apple unveils new Red iPhones Technology 0  Updated at 4:58 pm, March 21st, 2017 By: Kaya Yurieff, CNN Share This Story We Matched NEW YORK (CNNMoney) — A surprise new iPhone is here — and it’s red. Apple unveiled Tuesday a special red version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, to commemorate the 10-year partnership between the tech giant and Red, an organization that helps fights AIDS. The special edition iPhones, which feature a red aluminum body, will come in 128GB and 256GB models starting at $749. The red phones will be available in stores and online starting Friday for a “limited” time, though Apple declined to provide specific details about the timeframe. Apple also would not share how much money will be donated to Red through the sales of these special iPhones. Overall, Apple said, it has contributed more than $130 million as part of its partnership with Red, making the company the world’s largest corporate donor to the Global Fund to fight AIDS. The red iPhones were part of a batch of Apple announcements on Tuesday. The company unveiled a new 9.7-inch iPad with a “brighter” Retina display, which will start at $329 for a 32GB model — the company’s lowest price for a new iPad to date. Apple also announced Clips, a new standalone app that lets users create videos designed to share on social networks like Facebook and Instagram. Apple sold 78.3 million iPhones in its most recent quarter, which was a record high. The company attributed the increase to strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus. Still, in fiscal 2016 Apple’s annual sales declined for the first time since 2001 — in large part because iPhone sales dropped in three straight quarters. IPhone sales make up the majority of Apple’s business, and some analysts are concerned the global smartphone market is saturated. But Apple stock is at an all-time high and has surged almost 25% so far this year. Analysts are bullish about the next version of the iPhone, possibly called the iPhone 8, expected to be released this year. NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP CNN Wire and the CNN Video Affiliate Network is an online syndication service providing text and video versions of CNN's award-winning news coverage. Articles featured include reporting on world news, politics, finance, health, entertainment and technology. Stories You May Be Interested In: Police: Toddler lived alone with mother’s body for quite some time 16 Mar 2017 Courtney Zieller & Joseph Wenzel IV, CNN Apple unveils new Red iPhones 21 Mar 2017 Kaya Yurieff, CNN Video shows LDS missionary fighting off armed attackers in Brazil 15 Mar 2017 Faith Heaton Jolley, KSL.com Watch Dateline NBC special on Angie Dodge case 21 Mar 2017 EastIdahoNews.com staff Images in the news Related Stories   11 animated Disney classics you didn’t know were being remade Study: Phone device tests male fertility with 98% accuracy VIDEO: Complete library of footage from Chris Tapp hearing GALLERY: Photos from the Chris Tapp hearing Tapp Walks Free after 20 years: ‘I never thought this day would come’ IFPD issues statement about Chris Tapp release Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 March 2017 by Military News How Apple Has Changed in the Past 10 Years In 2006, Google had just launched Docs & Sheets to compete against Office, MySpace was still a thing, Facebook opened up its platform for the first time to people who weren’t students, Twitter launched as „the SMS [short message service] of the internet,” and the iPod was the primary tech innovation offered by Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) beyond its computers. It sold 39.4 million units that year, with the portable music player representing 40% of total revenues. A lot has changed over the past decade, and Apple is a markedly different company today than it was back then. Let’s see how it has evolved over the years and what it might mean for investors going forward. Image source: Apple. A revolution in what’s for sale A decade ago, analysts fretted that with the ubiquity of the iPod, Apple’s best days were behind it, as it had lost the ability to innovate further. Its main products were its Macintosh computers, the OS X operating system, the iPod, and iTunes. Of course, it was a much smaller company then as well, generating a little more than $19 billion in sales in fiscal 2006 (compared to $78.4 billion in revenue in just the most recent quarter). What people couldn’t know was that Apple was about to launch a cultural revolution with the introduction of the iPhone, which made its debut on June 29, 2007. Its sleek, radical design upended the cell-phone market and could be said to have doomed the iPod, as it melded the functionality of a music player with the practicality of a phone. Apple has gone on to sell over 1 billion iPhones since then, reaching a peak of more than 231 million in 2015. Apple’s product portfolio has also expanded and now includes not only Macs, iPods, and iPhones, but also iPads, the Apple Watch, Beats headphones, Apple TV, iCloud, Apple Pay, and more. So much has the iPhone revolutionized Apple’s business that it is now the single biggest product the tech giant sells, accounting for 63% of sales. And the unification of music player and phone has caused the iPod’s significance to be diminished to such an extent that sales are now included in a catch-all „other” category that also houses sales of Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats, and third-party accessories that registered all of $11 billion in sales last year out of $216 billion total. Image source: Getty Images. A jump in stock price Total net sales for Apple were down 8% in 2016 on declining iPhone sales, which saw sales drop 12% in dollar terms. Net profits were dinged as well, falling 14% year over year. Yet despite the drop-off, it remains a much more profitable company than it was a decade ago, when net margin was just 10%, compared with more than 21% today. But like a decade ago, analysts are once again worrying that Apple is past its prime, and just like then, they may be backing the wrong horse if they’re betting against its stock. Over the past 10 years, shares of Apple have appreciated 1,000%, versus a meager 70% gain in the S&P 500 . Sure, the company’s had its ups and downs during that time, but it has proved its ability to surprise Wall Street time and again and still innovate, even when it seemed all the good ideas had been used and the well had run dry. AAPL data by YCharts At your service I’m not ready to guess what Apple’s next new, sales-driving hardware innovation might be, or if the new iPhone 8 this year will be enough to spark new growth. But it is true that sales of existing product lines are sinking. Last year, not only were iPhone sales down, but so, too, were iPad and Mac sales. In fact, only its services division experienced any appreciable growth, which represents sales from iTunes, apps, Apple Music, AppleCare, and Apple Pay, and that may be where its future lies. Services has become Apple’s second-largest segment behind iPhones, generating more than $24 billion in sales last year. To give that some context, that’s a little less than what Facebook generated for the full year. While iPhone sales turned positive again in the first quarter of 2017, rising 5% year over year, services once more were a stellar performance, surging 18% from the year-ago period. There may come a day when Apple is known not for the tech gadgets it makes — though those gadgets will likely always play a big role in its operations — but rather for selling services to the customers who buy those gadgets. And that may be the biggest, most radical change of all. 10 stocks we like better than Apple When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017 Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Facebook, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, division, Internet, Markets, Music, service, TV, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious What Sets Phillips 66 Apart From Other Refiners Next PostNext Apple Inc.’s Sensible iPhone SE Refresh Search Recent Posts Smartphone Satisfaction Higher as Customer Homes Become More Connected, J.D. Power Finds LinearHub to Participate in Enterprise Connect 2017 for Entry into US Markets SS&C Announces Revolutionary Client Communications Platform, Vision FI MetTel Brings in Former Ingram, BT Global Services Channel Executive to Expand Business Partner Ecosystem EXFO honored by 2017 Lightwave Innovation Reviews Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 March 2017 by Military News Apple Inc.’s Sensible iPhone SE Refresh On March 21, Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) unveiled a refresh of its iPhone SE product line. The fundamentals of the iPhone SE haven’t changed — form factor, colors, display technology, and core internals all remain the same. What’s changed, then? The storage configurations and, in the case of the higher storage tier, pricing. Apple previously offered 16 GB and 64 GB variants of the iPhone SE at $399 and $449, respectively. Image source: Apple. Following the updates, Apple now offers 32 GB and 128 GB models; the former is priced at $399 while the latter comes in at $499. I believe that this is a sensible refresh — here’s why. Delivering more value and boosting average selling prices You may recall that Apple had originally priced the 16 GB and 64 GB variants of the iPhone SE at $399 and $499, respectively, at launch all the way back in March 2016. Then, when Apple launched the iPhone 7 series devices, it cut the price on the 64 GB model to $449. This was a sensible move considering that the iPhone SE had been in the market for a while (technology doesn’t age well) and the arguably superior iPhone 6s/6s Plus devices had just seen their prices slashed. With this move, Apple is killing two birds with one stone. First, by bumping up the storage capacity on the entry-level iPhone model, Apple is delivering more value to the consumer — an extra 16 GB of storage can dramatically improve the user experience, especially since a large chunk of the first 16 GB of storage is taken up by the operating system and other pre-installed applications. At the same time, Apple can now boost the price that it can command for the higher storage tier option by doubling the available storage from 64 GB to 128 GB. The delta in storage between the new small/large storage configurations is 96 GB, so Apple is charging the user about $1.04 per gigabyte for the additional storage. That figure is not so coincidentally the same dollars-per-gigabyte figure that users previously had to pay in moving from the 16 GB version to the 64 GB version under the old pricing structure. This move could boost iPhone sales More storage space is always nice to have, especially as photos become larger (due to increases in resolution) and apps take up more space. The iPhone SE with 32 GB should appeal to smartphone customers who are on a budget but at the same time want a reasonable amount of storage space, something that could help boost Apple’s share in more price-sensitive emerging markets. The 128 GB iPhone SE, on the other hand, could be a deal maker for users clinging onto their old iPhone 5/5s devices. The improved internals and camera are certainly interesting selling points, but it’s less likely that users are going to be frustrated with the performance/capabilities of the iPhone 5/5s phones. However, if those users have devices with 32 GB or even 64 GB of storage and they’re finding themselves wanting more storage for a reasonable price, then the 128 GB iPhone SE could be the ticket. Remember, prior to this announcement, a user who wanted a „cheap” iPhone with 128 GB of storage would have to cough up $649 for the iPhone 6s. The iPhone SE with 128 GB of storage is a much cheaper way to get ahold of a phone with meaningfully larger storage than what users of iPhone 5/5s devices (and older) are using. The impact to iPhone unit shipments from this refresh isn’t likely to be huge, but I think that these new storage configurations improve the appeal of the iPhone SE line and should drive some reasonable degree of incremental iPhone sales. 10 stocks we like better than Apple When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017 Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagscommand, Markets, Space, Technology, Uncategorized, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious How Apple Has Changed in the Past 10 Years Next PostNext If You’re in Your 30s, Consider Buying These Stocks Search Recent Posts II-17-012: NRC to Discuss 2016 Performance of Farley Nuclear Plant III-17-003: NRC to Discuss Performance of Clinton Nuclear Power Station March 29 Global Prostate Biopsy Market to Grow at a CAGR of 12.66% During the Period 2017-2021 Global Shearing Machine Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.88% During the Period 2017-2021 Global Blow Molding Machinery Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.90% During the Period 2017-2021 Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile Squarespace   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist iTunes 12.6 ClamXav 2.12.1 Microsoft Office 2016 15.32 Fantastical 2.3.4 PDFpen and PDFpenPro 8.3.3 ChronoSync 4.7.5 1Password 6.6.2 Hazel 4.0.9 Lightroom CC 2015.9 and Lightroom 6.9 ChronoSync 4.7.4     Related Articles Apple Replaces iPad Air 2 with New 9.7-inch iPad (21 Mar 17) Apple Introduces (PRODUCT)RED iPhones, Doubles iPhone SE Storage (21 Mar 17)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Watchlist | 21 Mar 2017 | Print  | Comment (0) iTunes 12.6 by Agen G. N. Schmitz Apple has issued iTunes 12.6 in conjunction with the release of new iPads ("Apple Replaces iPad Air 2 with New 9.7-inch iPad," 21 March 2017) and iPhones (see “Apple Introduces (PRODUCT)RED iPhones, Doubles iPhone SE Storage,” 21 March 2017) with a feature that’s long been requested — the capability to watch iTunes movie rentals on any of your Apple devices (i.e., Mac, iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Apple TV). However, there is a delayed gratification caveat to this new feature in that it requires iOS 10.3 or tvOS 10.2 — neither of which has been released yet. Dubbed “rent once, watch anywhere,” the feature enables you to start watching a movie on your Apple TV at home and then finish it on your next morning’s commute by streaming it on your iPhone (once all systems are updated). Previously, you could transfer rentals made on your Mac to an iOS device by performing a sync, and you couldn’t access rentals made on an Apple TV on other devices. (Free, 269 MB via direct download or Software Update, release notes, 10.9.5+)   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to William Petty, Amalie R. Rothschild, Joe Myers, and James Slattery for their generous support!   Comments about iTunes 12.6 To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Adds support for watching iTunes movie rentals on any of your Apple devices. (Free, 269 MB) Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Agen G. N. Schmitz TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile Squarespace   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist iTunes 12.6 ClamXav 2.12.1 Microsoft Office 2016 15.32 Fantastical 2.3.4 PDFpen and PDFpenPro 8.3.3 ChronoSync 4.7.5 1Password 6.6.2 Hazel 4.0.9 Lightroom CC 2015.9 and Lightroom 6.9 ChronoSync 4.7.4     Related Articles iTunes 12.6 (21 Mar 17)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 21 Mar 2017 | Print  | Comment (0) Apple Replaces iPad Air 2 with New 9.7-inch iPad by Josh Centers Apple has introduced a new, non-Pro 9.7-inch iPad to replace the iPad Air 2, fiddling with the specs slightly and dropping the price by $70. The new iPad (and yes, it’s called just “iPad”) comes in silver, gold, and space gray colors, and is available with either 32 GB of storage for $329 or 128 GB for $429. Cellular models cost $459 for 32 GB of storage or $559 for 128 GB. The new iPad will be available to order on 24 March 2017. The new iPad measures 9.4 inches high by 6.6 inches wide by 0.29 inches deep (240 x 169.5 x 7.5 mm), which is almost the same as the iPad Air 2, although it’s 1.4 mm thicker, which could pose a problem for some cases. The new iPad is also ever so slightly heavier than the iPad Air 2 at 1.03 pounds (469 grams) for the Wi-Fi-only model; the corresponding iPad Air 2 weighed 0.96 pounds (437 grams). While the iPad Air 2 featured an A8X processor, the new iPad boasts a faster A9 chip, the same processor used in the iPhone 6s. Unfortunately, it doesn’t have the A10 Fusion chip that powers the iPhone 7 or even the iPad Pro’s A9X. The new iPad’s cameras are essentially the same as those in the iPad Air 2. The new model features an 8-megapixel f/2.4 aperture rear camera that can capture 1080p video at 30 frames per second — the only improvements we can see are Apple saying that the new model includes auto image stabilization and a hybrid IR filter. The front-facing FaceTime HD camera captures 1.2-megapixel photos with an f/2.2 aperture and 720p video. Like the iPad Air 2, the new iPad features stereo speakers, and yes, a 3.5 mm headphone jack. While the new iPad’s screen is the same 2048-by-1536 resolution found in the iPad Air 2, it lacks the laminated display and anti-reflective coating that the iPad Air 2 used to reduce reflections and increase picture clarity. That alone may account for the $70 price drop. You also shouldn’t expect to see any of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro’s niceties in the new iPad. It doesn’t feature the wide-color True Tone display, True Tone camera flash, Live Photos support, 4K video capture, or support for the Apple Pencil and Smart Connector accessories like the Smart Keyboard. However, the new iPad is nearly half the price of the equivalent 32 GB iPad Pro, which costs $599. We hope to see some announcements surrounding the iPad Pro line soon. At $329, Apple has priced the new iPad aggressively; it’s even more attractive for the education market at $299. It’s also the new low-end iPad, now that Apple has dropped the $269 iPad mini 2. The iPad mini 4 remains available, but now in a single 128 GB storage tier for $399. Although we’re somewhat bothered by Apple’s reversion to calling this new iPad model just “iPad,” since everyone will have to figure out how to differentiate it from all the other 9.7-inch iPads with the same name (the original one, plus the third- and fourth-generation models), the iPad product line does look more sensible with the iPad mini, the iPad, and the iPad Pro as the three levels. Nevertheless, we can’t see many people upgrading from an iPad Air 2 or even an iPad Air to this new iPad. The improvements just aren’t sufficiently compelling, as nice as the new model is as an entry-level iPad.   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Apple Replaces iPad Air 2 with New 9.7-inch iPad To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple has quietly released a cheaper 9.7-inch iPad to replace the aging iPad Air 2. The company also doubled the storage space for the iPad mini 4 and dropped the iPad mini 2. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Consumer Electronics News New Apple Watch buyers face limited band selection You may have to buy your preferred Apple Watch band as a separate accessory. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Caitlin McGarry Staff Writer, Macworld | Mar 21, 2017 2:12 PM PT Credit: Apple More like this Tested: Knockoff Apple Watch bands for $20 or less Apple refreshes Apple Watch bands and iPhone cases with new colors for spring The best fitness trackers at every price point Video Watch SwapBots spring to life thanks to augmented reality When I decided to buy an Apple Watch Series 2, I knew exactly which model I wanted: rose gold with the pink and midnight woven nylon band. It was a combination Apple highlighted on its website, but I wasn’t sure how many the store would keep in stock. Luckily, I snagged one of the few remaining at the SoHo Apple Store and wear it almost every day. Unfortunately, Apple has decided to stop making its watches so customizable in the box. The rose gold Apple Watch Series 2 with pink and midnight woven nylon band is no longer a combination you can buy on Apple.com. In fact, you can’t choose a nylon band alongside your aluminum or stainless steel watch at all anymore. Your choices are a Sport band, a Milanese loop, or an ultra-expensive Hermès leather band. The changing inventory, first noticed by AppleInsider, could be due to limited demand for specific combinations of case and band. But one of the great things about the Apple Watch is its personalization, and being able to choose the exact finish and band type right out of the box went a long way toward making that buying decision even more personal. Now you’re limited to four Sport band colors—pink, blue, white, and black—with your new 38mm or 42mm Series 2 watch, and just one Milanese loop, the silver option. Sure, you can customize your stainless steel Apple Watch with an Hermès leather band, but that’ll drive the price way up—the cheapest Hermés-and-watch combo is $1149. Why not allow people to choose a cheaper Apple-made leather option out of the box instead? Apple Apple Watch buyers used to have so many options. Accessories have huge revenue-driving potential, and Apple just released new watch bands in a variety of colors and styles that will tempt many watch owners to stock up (myself included). That wide range of options likely makes inventory management tougher, so it makes sense that Apple would simplify the combinations it stocks as it adds more bands as stand-alone accessories. But it’s a bummer that new Apple Watch buyers won’t be able to get that truly customized experience. After all, that’s what the watch was supposed to be all about. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Consumer Electronics Wearables Apple Watch Apple Watch Accessories Caitlin McGarry is Macworld's Staff Writer. She covers Apple news, health and fitness technology, and anything wearable. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Bloomberg: Apple is working on multiple exciting new AR features for the iPhone 8 Image Source: Imran Taylor Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal March 20th, 2017 at 9:33 AM Share Tweet Of all the rumored additions Apple is said to be bringing to the iPhone 8, few are as intriguing as augmented reality. Apple CEO Tim Cook has called AR a “core technology” in interviews, prompting many analysts and journalists to speculate on how Apple might utilize AR functionality in its devices. On Monday, Bloomberg added fuel to that fire with a huge, comprehensive report on Apple’s plans for AR. Don't Miss: Galaxy S8 leaks: The 10 biggest leaks you missed over the weekend Giving credence to earlier reports, Bloomberg’s sources say that Apple has “hundreds of engineers” on the project, some of which previously worked on Facebook’s Oculus Rift and Microsoft’s HoloLens headset. While discrete AR devices are likely at least a year away, we could see several AR features on an iPhone before the end of the year. The report describes a couple of the features that are currently in the works: One of the features Apple is exploring is the ability to take a picture and then change the depth of the photograph or the depth of specific objects in the picture later; another would isolate an object in the image, such as a person’s head, and allow it to be tilted 180 degrees. A different feature in development would use augmented reality to place virtual effects and objects on a person, much the way Snapchat works. […] Apple may choose to not roll out these features, but such additions are an up-and-coming trend in the phone business. As for the AR glasses that Apple is reportedly planning to bring to market, the paper believes that they will have to be tethered to the iPhone, much like the Apple Watch. In order for the glasses to make an impact, they will need to have a respectable battery life and a great deal of content available on day one. Apple has had its hits and misses with hardware over the past several years, but with all the talent it has brought on board and companies it has acquired to bring its AR ambitions to life, it’s clear that Apple expects AR to be a major part of its future. So let’s hope we don’t have another Google Glass on our hands. Tags: Apple, Augmented Reality, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Apple’s latest acquisition could lead to amazing things for iOS 2 Tech New leak shows a subtle difference between the US Galaxy S8 and the global model 3 Entertainment Shiny Pokemon have been discovered in Pokemon Go 4 Tech Hackers claim to have breached hundreds of millions of Apple accounts 5 Entertainment Netflix has 25 new originals set for release in April – here’s the full list Picked For You Nintendo finally issued a formal response to the biggest problem people have with the Switch By Zach Epstein March 20th at 10:38 AM $8 gives your Google Pixel the iPhone 7 feature it’s been missing By Maren Estrada March 21st at 3:03 PM Siri has a very unfortunate response when you ask it for prostitutes By Chris Mills March 19th at 12:00 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 34°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Wednesday, March 22, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Adriana Cohen Show with Adriana Cohen Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Drake’s ‘More Life’ breaks streaming records Entertainment Weekly Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Credit: Entertainment Weekly comments Drake’s More Life dropped Saturday and promptly broke multiple streaming records on both Spotify and Apple Music. Although Drake’s last album, 2016’s Views, was an Apple exclusive, he made More Life immediately available on all streaming platforms. It went on to break the record for best first-day streams for an album on Sunday, March 19, its first full day on the service after arriving Saturday night. According to Spotify, More Life totaled 61,302,082 streams that day, taking the record from previous holder Ed Sheeran, whose Divide was streamed 56,727,861 on March 3. Also on Spotify Sunday, Drake had the best one-day streams for an artist with 76,355,041 streams. Again, he beat out Sheeran: Songs from the “Shape of You” singer’s catalog were streamed 68,695,172 the day of Divide‘s debut. More Life also performed well on Apple Music, where it was streamed 89.9 million times in the first 24 hours, breaking the record for single-day streams of songs from an album, Billboard reports. The 22-song set — billed as a playlist and including previously released single “Fake Love” — features Kanye West, Migos’ Quavos, Young Thug, and more. Read our first impressions of the collection here. More On: Entertainment Weekly Share this Article Join the Conversation Local Movie Listings Enter your Zip code below to see local movie listings: Movie times powered by Zap2it Movies Widget Trending Now Say sayonara to the coffee Coolatta as Dunkin’ Donuts whips up new era Charlie Baker: GOP health care plan will cost Massachusetts $1 billion Chuck Barris, creator and host of The Gong Show, dead at 87 Trump kids' Aspen ski trip will require 100 Secret Service agents: Report Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is abandoning its expensive image Kif Leswing Mar. 21, 2017, 6:35 PM 57,890 facebook linkedin twitter email print A very luxury-focused Apple photoApple For years, Apple customers would complain about the "Apple Tax" — the premium over similar products from other companies that you would have to pay for Apple's design and software.  It was an earned reputation. Apple stuff is premium, and increasingly, it's sold as a luxury product as well — think of the $20,000 gold Apple Watch. But Apple's announcement on Tuesday, in which it revealed a new low-cost iPad and upgraded the least-expensive iPhone, shows that Apple has started to compete on price as well. The tech industry should take note.  If Apple starts using its massive cash pile to undercut its competitors and deflate entire product categories, that's a big deal.  On Tuesday, Apple dropped the price of a fine, fast, and big iPad to $330 — a price below similar devices from Samsung, Lenovo, and Microsoft. Apple already dominated the high-end tablet market, and just undercut many of its Android competitors. Apple's iPhone SE got an upgrade, bumping its default storage up from 16GB to 32GB. It's not a full refresh, but it shows that Apple is still giving love and attention to even its cheapest iPhone.  The low prices for these two updated device follow a trend that independent Apple analyst Neil Cybart noted last week: Apple "is making its products more accessible through lower pricing." His examples include AirPods at $159, which are priced lower than nearly any other wireless earbud. He also argues that Apple Watch is underpriced — at $269, it's cheaper than Android options from Samsung and Fossil. In his excellent analysis, he offers several theories about this change in Apple's strategy. Accessories like AirPods or the Apple Watch could be loss leaders to get more people to buy iPhones, for example. Or Apple could just be getting better at making millions of units of any given product. But my favorite theory for why Apple is pushing downmarket so hard is because CEO Tim Cook wants to push upmarket too. From Cybart: Consumer Segmentation. Management is using product pricing to grow Apple's user base. On one end, management cuts entry-level pricing in an effort to make products more accessible. However, management then pushes at the other end of the pricing spectrum with premium SKUs targeting a different part of the user base. The higher-priced SKUs help boost Apple's overall margin profile.  The current rumor is that the redesigned iPhone expected to launch in September could cost more — like $1,000 or more. Part of that is because the parts that will go into it — an advanced 3D sensor, a camera with two lenses, an OLED screen — cost more than their predecessors. But I suspect another part of it is that Apple is simultaneously transforming into a luxury brand. It already is in some places, like China, where owning an iPhone is a bit of a status symbol.  You can also see Apple's luxury ambitions and its desire to stretch its top-end prices when it launched the Apple Watch with a tier that costs $1,000 or more. Apple's head of retail used to work for Burberry, and recent Apple Watch marketing looks a lot like "emotional product" marketing — more like Gucci and Louis Vuitton than Dell. Apple It's tricky, if you're Apple, to continue to grow. Apple is already the most valuable public company in the world. Apple needs to sell its products to as many people as possible worldwide, in places like India, and that requires a more affordable starting point in order to continue growing.  But a company valued as richly as Apple also needs to keep its margins high, and that's why it's also turning into a luxury brand at the same time — note that Apple's iPad Pro debuted at $600, higher than the iPad Air 2 it nominally replaced.  As Cybart points out, it's a game that few other tech companies can play — perhaps Microsoft, with its Surface lineup. But it also has risks for Apple, if it becomes seen as a mere fashion company, or current devices remain "good enough" to convince people not to upgrade. Apple's trying to be all things to all people, and while that means cheap iPads for consumers, it is a big change to Apple's overall strategy.  SEE ALSO: Apple's mysterious 'wireless device' has been revealed in FCC photos More: Apple iPad facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is abandoning its expensive image Apple is abandoning its expensive image For years, Apple customers would... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet All New Kia Rio Makes A Big Impression Wednesday, 22 March 2017, 11:06 am Press Release: Kia Motors Media Release Kia Motors New Zealand NEWS March 21 2017 All New Kia Rio Makes A Big Impression AUCKLAND – March 21 2017 The all new 2017 Kia Rio has gone on sale in New Zealand sporting a distinctive look, sharper handling, more passenger space and new technology. The 5-door Kia Rio has grown in size and stature as it enters its fourth generation, featuring a longer wheelbase, bigger cabin and a much more purposeful stance. “The all new Rio is the perfect car for today’s busy towns and cities, making it more relevant now than ever before,” says Todd McDonald, General Manager of Kia Motors New Zealand. “The improvements in space and refinement, together with the additional technology and connectivity available in the new Rio are very compelling for such a competitively priced car. All models are more highly specified than before including new standard features like Android Auto™ and Apple CarPlay™.” Mr McDonald goes on to say that the styling changes have made the all new Rio look much bigger and it now has more confident presence on the road. Created by Kia Design teams in Germany and California under the leadership of Peter Schreyer, the appearance of the new Rio is defined by straight lines and smooth surfacing. The car has a distinctive new look and more mature character than its predecessor thanks to the longer bonnet and more vertical nose and rear hatch. New Rio wears the latest evolution of Kia’s ‘tiger-nose’ grille, which is now thinner in height and wider across the front of the car, integrated with the newly designed bi-function headlamps and daytime running lights. The wider looking ‘face’ gives Rio a stronger overall appearance. In profile Rio’s lengthened, more balanced stance is achieved with a long bonnet and longer front overhang, a 10mm longer wheelbase (now 2,580mm), thinner more upright C-pillars and shorter rear overhang. Overall, the new car is 15mm longer than its predecessor, at 4,065mm in length and 5mm lower (now 1,450mm tall). Straight, clearly defined lines run down the full length of the car’s shoulder and along its doors, further stretching the appearance of the Rio for a more confident look. Thanks to the longer wheelbase and other changes to the structure, the 2017 Rio has one of the most spacious cabins and one of the highest cargo capacities (325 litres VDA) in its class. Leg room is up for both front seat and rear seat occupants, with the new model offering more shoulder room than most other cars in its class. While is 5mm lower in height, front and rear headroom are among the best in the B-segment. Rio now provides a greater view outside, due to the lower window line around the car, thinner C-pillars and relocated door mirrors (improving the driver’s view of other traffic behind them). Inside, the modern and stylish cabin features more sculptural forms and a more ergonomic layout, with softer and more textural surfaces surrounding the occupants. The seats have been redesigned to provide greater support for all passengers. For the first time, composite leather upholstery appears in the top model, the Rio Limited. Drivers will appreciate the tilting and telescopic steering wheel adjustment and the dashboard is now curved around the driver to provide a better view of the instruments and information. At the centre of the dashboard is a new ‘floating’ 7-inch touchscreen that houses the six speaker infotainment system, including Android Auto™ and Apple CarPlay™ on all Rio models, and doubles as the sat nav in the EX and Limited. This is the first time sat nav has been fitted to the Rio and includes SUNA live traffic alert updates. Rio now offers the Android Auto™ connectivity system designed to work with Android™ phones running 5.0 (Lollipop) or higher. It lets users access some smartphone apps and functions through the infotainment system, such as voice-guided Google Maps™, hands-free calls and voice recognition, as well as stream music from Google Play™. Apple CarPlay™ for iPhone® 5 or newer is also available, which will enable Siri to control some of the phone’s various functions and apps, including navigation via Apple Maps and calls. Apple CarPlay™ supports other audio apps, including music streaming and audiobook services. Among the stand out features of new Kia Rio is the on-road performance. Kia’s chassis development teams sought to introduce greater driving appeal, with more agile and immediate handling, while improving ride comfort. The Rio sits on fully independent MacPherson strut front suspension and a torsion beam rear axle. The development of a stiffer bodyshell, based on greater use of high strength, lightweight steel (now 51% of the structure), gave R&D teams the freedom to develop a more compliant suspension system. The new Rio has a more sophisticated spring and damper set-up than the outgoing model, improving the car’s compliance and comfort at all speeds while maintaining its more enjoyable, engaging handling characteristics. For New Zealand, the Kia Rio benefits from the more advanced RS damper valves specified in the ANZAC suspension upgrade programme undertaken by the Australian based ride and handling team, who have tuned the balance of driver enjoyment and ride comfort to an even higher degree. Power comes from the all-aluminium, 16-valve 1.4-litre MPI engine that has been refined to deliver improved, driveability while ensuring excellent fuel economy and low emissions. A new electronic management system governs the engine to enable the 74kW peak power to be delivered at a lower 6,000rpm instead of 6,300rpm, but more importantly spread much of the 133Nm of torque across a broader rev range before peaking at 4,000rpm, down from 4,200rpm. Most models are equipped with a smooth 4-speed automatic transmission, but a 6-speed manual is available on LX. The new Kia Rio is on sale in New Zealand from $22,490 – and every Rio benefits from Kia’s impressive 5 Year/100,000km Warranty Programme and Roadside Assist package. -o0o- © Scoop Media   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Reserve Bank: Wheeler Keeps OCR At 1.75% Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler kept the official cash rate unchanged at 1.75 percent, as expected, and reiterated his view that the benchmark rate doesn't need shifting for the foreseeable future. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's geopolitical concerns now 'extensive' Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate unchanged at 1.75 percent NZ First - No Place for Complacency Interest.co.nz - Home Loan Affordability report Retail: Pumpkin Patch Brand, IP Sold To Catch Group The receivers of failed children's clothing retailer Pumpkin Patch have confirmed that the company's brand and intellectual property have been sold to Australian online retailer Catch Group. More>> ALSO: KordaMentha - Pumpkin Patch brand sold to Catch Group First Union - Pumpkin Patch a “damaged” brand, former staff remain unpaid January First Union - Final day of work for Pumpkin Patch staff Oil: 2017 Block Offer Petroleum Tender Launched New Zealand is well-placed to take advantage of the economic benefits of oil and gas exploration, Energy and Resources Minister Judith Collins announced today at the launch of the 2017 Block Offer petroleum tender. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Minister Collins sees exploration activity returning NZ Govt - Collins: Launch of Block Offer 2017 Greens - Massive oil rig liability a ticking time bomb - 35.5% of Maui’s dolphin sanctuary opened up for oil drilling PEPANZ - OMV, STOS Win Big at Inaugural Petroleum Conference Awards - Petroleum Conference Protest Disappointing but Expected - Petroleum Conference Opens tomorrow in New Plymouth The People's Climate Rally - Oil conference delayed by hours after doors blockaded - Oil conference in lockdown as protesters blockade entrance - Groups ready to disrupt oil summit in New Plymouth - Oil conference delayed by hours after doors blockaded BusinessDesk - NZ petrol companies wary of customs law overhaul Dr Terrence Loomis - Petroleum industry a bad taxpayer investment OECD And Zero Carbon Reports: Environmental Pressures Rising In New Zealand New Zealanders enjoy a high environmental quality of life and access to pristine wilderness. However, New Zealand’s growth model, based largely on exploiting natural resources, is starting to show its environmental limits with increasing greenhouse gas emissions and water pollution ... More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - OECD environment report welcomed Greens - Greens back ambitious pathway to tackle climate pollution - OECD highlights urgent need to green our economy Environmental Defence Society - EDS commends OECD Environmental Performance Review Forest And Bird - OECD report recommends commercial water charges Federated Farmers - Feds See Nothing New in OECD Environment Report Greenpeace - Greenpeace response to OECD and Vivid reports Generation Zero - Climate report highlights opportunity for Zero Carbon Act NZ Manufacturers and Exporters Association - OECD & Productivity Commission Report: The Missing Link Dairy NZ - Dairy committed to lowering environmental impact NZ Manufacturers and Exporters Association - OECD & Productivity Commission Report: The Missing Link Environment and Conservation Organisations of NZ - OECD Report – Pathways for improvement BusinessNZ - NZ business welcomes cross-party climate change report Fish and Game NZ - OECD Report on New Zealand Environment a ‘Wake Up Call’ Miscanthus NZ - On the OECD report on the NZ Environment Greater Wellington Regional Council - OECD environment report reinforces opportunities Commonsense Organics - NZ’s Conventional Farming at Expense to Environment Statistics: Record Net Annual Migration Levels Continue In the February 2017 year, 71,300 more migrants arrived in New Zealand than left, Stats NZ said today. This equalled the previous annual record set in January 2017. More>> Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH NZ’s Conventional Farming at Expense to Environment 5:23 PM | Commonsense Organics RBNZ's geopolitical concerns now 'extensive' 5:20 PM | BusinessDesk Rock Lobster Industry Again Shoulders the Burden 4:29 PM | NZ Rock Lobster Industry Council Prime Minister meets kiwi chick at Rainbow Springs 4:03 PM | Rainbow Springs NZTech backs government’s stance on cyber security 3:38 PM | Make Lemonade Everyday Butter Judged to Be Something Special 3:32 PM | Fonterra UPDATE: Spark says TeamTalk valuation 'lacks credibility' 3:20 PM | BusinessDesk More   RSS NIWA surveying fish in Tasman and Golden Bays 8:28 AM | NIWA Dunedin Study team wins 2016 Prime Minister’s Science Prize 22/03/17 | PM's Science Prizes Prime Minister’s $1 million science prizes presented 22/03/17 | PM's Science Prizes Hutt Valley teacher wins a Prime Minister’s Science Prize 21/03/17 | Chris Bishop Call to Value Water for the Taonga it is 21/03/17 | Toi Tangata Kiwis prepare to turn off their taps for 24 hours 21/03/17 | Oxfam NZ OECD Report on New Zealand Environment a ‘Wake Up Call’ 21/03/17 | Fish and Game New Zealand... More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech PressPatron: Now you can support my site 20 Mar | Bill Bennett Net neutrality in New Zealand 2:04 AM | Bill Bennett Commerce Commission pushes for congestion-free cop... 9:27 PM | Bill Bennett Call for truth in broadband advertising 4:10 AM | Bill Bennett Kacific satellite goes where other broadband can’t 13 Mar | Bill Bennett Samsung woes see Apple regain NZ phone crown 13 Mar | Bill Bennett Fixed wireless laggard in independent broadband te... 12 Mar | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher NZ’s Conventional Farming at Expense to Environmen... 3:23 PM | admin Lake Waihola health warning lifted 3:22 PM | admin RBNZ’s geopolitical concerns now ‘extensive’ 3:20 PM | admin Police looking for man driving in a manner endange... 3:17 PM | admin Regulatory Amendment Bills pass into law 3:16 PM | admin SH65 bridge closure means 45 minute night detour 3:14 PM | admin Fatality at level crossing near Morrinsville 3:11 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     View: DESKTOP | MOBILE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use © Scoop Media  
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Technology First Look Will a cheaper iPad do much to boost tablet sales? (+video) Among product updates announced by Apple was a new, cheaper 9.7 inch iPad. Monitor's Best: Top 5 What we know about Trump team Russia links – and why that matters Tim Allen, conservatives in Hollywood, and Nazi Germany (+video) Cover Story Trump vs. the media: the war over facts Campuses take a stand when protests go too far Why origami machines may unlock secrets of Mars and the universe Popular Now First Look In unanimous decision, Supreme Court raises bar for special education (+video) Research or relaxation? Why Bill Gates was in the Philippines this week What we know about Trump team Russia links – and why that matters Calif. class action suit alleges 'unfair competition' with Ivanka Trump brand Tim Allen, conservatives in Hollywood, and Nazi Germany (+video) Photos of the day 03/22 SUBSCRIBE About video ads The Apple Inc. store is seen in Los Angeles, Calif., on September 16, 2016. Lucy Nicholson/Reuters/File | Caption Loading... Mengqi Sun Staff | @mitchiesun March 21, 2017 —With all the usual fanfare and glamour of a launch, Apple on Tuesday released a new iPad, hoping to make its popular tablets “even more affordable,” the company said in a statement.  The new 9.7-inch tablet, simply named “the iPad,” comes with largely the same specs as that of its recently dropped model iPad Air 2. The new iPad has the same display size, but is sold at the significantly lower starting price of $329. The new product is not the first time that Apple has refreshed its popular design with hardware updates and offered it at a lower price. Observers are skeptical that the strategy will have a notable impact in terms of reversing Apple’s long-term declining sales of iPads.  “New customers and anyone looking to upgrade will love this new iPad for use at home, in school, and for work, with its gorgeous Retina display, our powerful A9 chip, and access to the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for it,” Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said in a statement.  Other Apple updates announced on Tuesday include a new color for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and new storage options of 32 GB and 128 GB for the iPhone SE. The company also introduced a new app for making social videos, called “Clips.” With three storage options and three color choices (unfortunately, the trendy shade of rose gold is not one of them), the new tablet is a slight step down from the iPad Pro in the same size, which features a 12-megapixel camera and a faster processing chip.  Do you speak start-up? An entrepreneurial vocab quiz. Although the new model boasts many similar features to the Air 2, including 10 hours of battery life, Apple hopes its starting price of $329, which Apple said is “its most affordable price ever” for a tablet product, could spark new interest and drive up sales. Previous models had starter prices of $399.  The announcement came as Apple reported sluggish first quarter sales of iPads, ending on Dec. 31. While Apple overall posted an all-time record quarterly revenue of $78.4 billion – thanks to sales of other products, including iPhones and Macintosh computers, over the holiday period – iPad sales dropped 19 percent in units and 22 percent in revenue from the year-ago quarter. But Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook continues to insist that he is bullish on the iPad. "We have some exciting things coming on iPad, I feel very optimistic about where we can take the product,” Mr. Cook said during the company's quarterly conference call in January. Within the 13.3 million iPads sold in the first quarter, Cook said the company saw double-digit growth in mainland China and India, which analysts said could be the future for Apple, as The Christian Science Monitor noted in January 2016.  Apple currently dominates the tablet market with an approximate 21 percent market share, according to Strategy Analytics, with Samsung as the runner-up with 13 percent.  Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × However, iPad unit sales have been falling on a trailing-12-month basis since the second quarter of 2014, and investment writer Daniel Sparks argues that new iPads will not be enough to reinvigorate sales.   “So investors shouldn't expect possible new iPads to suddenly reverse this trend,” he wrote in a piece on The Motley Fool. “Given that Apple already possesses sizable market share in tablet sales in many of its markets, the company needs to keep its iPads fresh to remain competitive.” Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Test your knowledge Do you speak start-up? An entrepreneurial vocab quiz. By Karis Hustad Passcode Can parental spyware keep kids safe online? By Aliya Sternstein Passcode Cybersecurity in seven minutes By Alexandra Samuel, Rob Cottingham Photos of the Day Photos of the day 03/22 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Home Tech Apple is finally making it easy to watch movie rentals across your devices New, 30 comments Rent once, watch anywhere by Chris Welch Mar 21, 2017, 6:23pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Dieter Bohn Apple is loosening its device restrictions around movie rentals in the iTunes Store. Today the company released iTunes 12.6 for the desktop, and the update mentions what Apple calls “rent once, watch anywhere.” No longer are you forced to watch a movie on the iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, or PC you initially rented it on. “Now you can enjoy your iTunes movie rentals across your devices with iOS 10.3 or tvOS 10.2,” Apple says. However, iOS 10.3 hasn’t been widely released to consumers just yet and remains in late-stage beta testing. An official roll out can’t be far off since the software update is required for “rent once, watch anywhere.” Same goes for tvOS 10.2; Apple has yet to release that update for the Apple TV, but you can expect it in the very near future. Hopefully by Friday for the digital release of Rogue One for those of us who foolishly missed it in theaters. Watching across devices wasn’t impossible before — it was just a pain. As AppleInsider notes, you could transfer rentals from a Mac or PC to iOS (and then it would disappear from your computer) or AirPlay movies from iPhone or iPad to Apple TV. The new approach seems far simpler and requires less from you, the person who just wants to relax and enjoy a movie. More From The Verge The Hawai’ian volcano that created a spectacular firehose of lava just collapsed Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google Homes Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist Why the sounds of eating make some people so angry Now Trending The Xbox One is struggling because video game exclusives still matter Where have all the Xbox One games gone? Judge Neil Gorsuch failed the horse-sized duck question Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest This company is using AI and robots to sort and scan paper by Sean O'Kane How Mass Effect: Andromeda and other big games create lasting relationships by Andrew Webster Surging Bitcoin prices inspire a wave of scams by Russell Brandom Lego’s new Star Wars Rebel Snowspeeder is a work of beauty by Andrew Liptak 1 comment / new Is sharing fake news okay if it feels right? by James Vincent 4 comments / new Apple imagines turning an iPhone or iPad into a touchscreen MacBook by Tom Warren 19 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search What is Apple Clips, how does it work, and when can you get it? Elyse Betters21 March 2017Apps Apple/Pocket-lint Apple Clips is an upcoming iOS app It lets you stitch together videos with effects Includes a live-transcribe text feature Coming soon to Apple App Store in April Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment If you haven't noticed yet, the most popular apps right now, including Snapchat, Instagram, and Facebook, are all about video. Apple has likely noticed this trend, so it's announcing a new app that it made: Clips. In a press release, the California-based company said its new app "makes it quick and fun for anyone to create expressive videos on iPhone and iPad". Clips combines video clips, photos, and music into little videos you can easily share through Messages, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, Facebook, and other social networks. What is Facebook Messenger Day and does it work like Snapchat? What is YouTube TV, which channels does it offer, and how does it work? Instagram now lets you save live videos: Here's how to do it Here's everything you need to know about Apple's Clips app, including how it works and when you can use it. What is Apple Clips? Clips is an iOS app that allows you to easily splice together a polished video without a lot of effort. Apple already offers several video creation tools, from the high-end Final Cut Pro on MacOS to iMovies for iOS and MacOS. There's even a Memories feature in the Photos app on iOS 10 that automatically pieces together slideshows from pictures. Clips is an alternative, free option that's presumably meant to help fill in the gaps. Is Apple Clips like Snapchat? Clips is like Snapchat in that it offers all sorts of fun effects that you can overlay onto your media. These include comic filters, speech bubbles, shapes, full-screen animated posters, and dozens of soundtracks that automatically adjust to match the length of the video. Clips also uniquely offers a Live Titles feature that lets you animate and create captions using just your voice (it's powered in part by Siri). What's the point of Snapchat and how does it work? How does Apple Clips work? Record and edit If you've ever made videos in apps like Instagram or Vine, you'll quickly figure out Clips. You simply hold down the record button to capture what you want, then let go, and repeat. Once you're done recording, you can drag your clips into order, and then add filters, emoji, animated icons, titles, etc. The whole experience should take mere seconds. However, you may find some hiccups when you use Live Titles. Live Titles Live titles kicks in when you want to choose a look for any text you want on-screen. You'll see a prompt to speak, and that's it. Your words will be automatically transcribed and time-coded in the video as you say them. But, like using Siri, we imagine this feature may sometimes have trouble understanding you. We'll let you know when the app becomes available and we have a chance to really take it for a spin. Sharing Videos can be shared directly to social networks and video sites, including Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Vimeo, and more. You can also share them with friends in Apple's default Messages for iOS app. When will Apple Clips be available? Clips will be available in the Apple App Store in early April. It will be compatible with the iPhone 5S and later as well as the new 9.7-inch iPad and iPad Pro models, iPad Mini 2 and later, and the iPod Touch sixth-generation. Just make sure your device is running iOS 10.3. How much does Apple Clips cost? Apple Clips will be a free download for iOS users. Want to know more? Check out Pocket-lint's Apple hub for related news. Sections Apple Apps Super Mario Run review: Is Mario on your phone worth £10? Super Mario Run for Android finally available on Google Play Store Instagram is becoming an OpenTable for hair appointments and more What is Facebook Live, how does it work, and which devices support it? Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint 27 best internet optical illusions, you won't believe your eyes Super Mario Run for Android finally available on Google Play Store Instagram is becoming an OpenTable for hair appointments and more What is Facebook Live, how does it work, and which devices support it? What is Apple Clips, how does it work, and when can you get it? Instagram now lets you save live videos: Here's how to do it Is Facebook going to show off new hardware products at F8 in April? Amazon's app will now tell Prime users if their outfit looks good Facebook videos now auto-play with sound on: Here's how to stop it Amazon Alexa comes to iOS devices: How does it work and what can it do? Here's one good reason to wait before buying Nintendo Switch New Apple iPad 9.7 vs iPad Air 2: What's the difference? Virgin Media now offers 100Mbps fibre broadband as standard, 300Mbps upgrade to all 27 best internet optical illusions, you won't believe your eyes New Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks show phone colours, packaging, and more Which iPad is best for you? iPad mini 2 vs iPad mini 4 vs iPad Air 2 vs new iPad 9.7 vs iPad Pro 9.7 vs iPad Pro 12.9 Audi RS3 Saloon review: Racecar fun for the road LG G6 review: The first truly great flagship phone for 2017 Diesel enters smartwatch market with a bang, with Diesel On oversized Android Wear 2.0 device Casio Pro Trek Smart WSD-F20 UK price confirmed as £450 Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Victoria Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street John Birmingham Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Melbourne Traffic Quizzes Home News Victoria News March 22 2017 Save Print License article Police hunt for man who smashed tram driver's window, abused passengers Emily Woods Contact via Email Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A tram driver was injured after an abusive passenger smashed the protective glass window with an iron object. Police are hunting for the offender, who they say delayed a citybound tram on Sydney Road in North Coburg, about 7.30am on March 9, by standing in the doorway and smoking a cigarette. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Roosters continue unbeaten start Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:30 More Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:30 Roosters continue unbeaten start Roosters continue unbeaten start The Sydney Roosters have continued their unbeaten season start at the expense of the South Sydney Rabbitohs, winning 20-6. Up Next Martin dominant in round one win Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:30 Video duration 01:30 Martin dominant in round one win Martin dominant in round one win Four goals and a best on ground game from Dustin Martin delivered Richmond a 43-point win over Carlton in round one. Up Next Australia's closest neighbour hosts longboarding champs Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:31 Video duration 02:31 Australia's closest neighbour hosts ... Australia's closest neighbour hosts longboarding champs Tupira on the Bismarck Sea in Papua New Guinea is host to the Kumul PNG World Longboard Championships. www.worldsurfleague.com Up Next Sydney storm timelapse Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:31 Video duration 00:31 Sydney storm timelapse Sydney storm timelapse Watch Sydney disappear as it becomes enveloped by angry storm clouds. Vision: Sydney Seaplanes Up Next SA national injured in London attack Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:14 Video duration 00:14 SA national injured in London attack SA national injured in London attack A cafe worker from Sterling in South Australia was admitted to hospital after having her foot run over by the 4WD that was used in the London terror attack. Up Next Dramatic police chase in Thornlie Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:53 Video duration 00:53 Dramatic police chase in Thornlie Dramatic police chase in Thornlie Airwing footage captures a dramatic police chase in Thornlie. Vision: WA Police. Up Next New take on classic Blackman works Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:45 Video duration 01:45 New take on classic Blackman works New take on classic Blackman works Key works by celebrated Australian artist Charles Blackman have been âreimaginedâ in a new collection. More videos CCTV: tram driver attacked A man allegedly shattered the glass window of a tram, which caused minor injuries to the driver in North Coburg. Once he boarded, the man began swearing and disturbing other passengers. The man then slid open the side window to the driver's compartment, and yelled at the driver, before he hit the glass with an iron object, smashing the glass and causing it to shatter on the tram driver.  Related Content 'I think it's horrible and it makes the world a horrible place' The driver was treated for minor injuries. The offender was last seen getting off the tram at Bell Street in Coburg.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link The man was last seen getting off the tram at Bell Street in Coburg.  Photo: Victoria Police Police have released CCTV images of a man standing by a tram door, holding an object wrapped in white cloth. He is pictured wearing a Nike cap, black T-shirt, grey tracksuit pants and black Nike shoes. The man is said to be aged between 20 and 25, with medium build, and brown hair. Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000. Advertisement Most Popular Jury finds The Age defamed Damian Sheales Five guilty over 14-year-old girl's sex work at brothels, escort agency Bourke St armed man an ex-VFL player sacked from previous security job 'I'm the girl that got raped': How family coped with daughter's ordeal Former Garrett adviser tipped for seat as Herbert quits politics Property News What clearance rates really mean when ... Contains: External link How to instantly update the look of ... Contains: External link Follow Melb Express Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Victoria Bourke St armed man an ex-VFL player sacked from previous security job 'I'm the girl that got raped': How family coped with daughter's ordeal Five guilty over 14-year-old girl's sex work at brothels, escort agency Mystery man with gun walked unchecked in Bourke Street Mall in wake of massacre Man looking at 'dead bodies' causes Flinders Street security scare WA Today Shocked Yallingup swimmers flee water after Salmon bleeding sparks shark frenzy Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Seven years ago today: The storm we will never forget Exmouth fishers left massive tiger shark to slow death, locals allege WA mining downturn adds to statewide mortgage stress The Sydney Morning Herald Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Wall Street Journal rips into Donald Trump over false news 'I just cried and cried': Terminally ill man has Centrelink payments cut for interview no-show 'A state of the purest despair': Anton's cancer fight Trump jnr criticised for misquoting London mayor over terrorism remark The Age Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Man looking at 'dead bodies' causes Flinders Street security scare Wall Street Journal rips into Donald Trump over false news London attack: What we know and what we don't know Bourke St armed man an ex-VFL player sacked from previous security job Brisbane Times Property-owner fined $1m for clearing 350 hectares Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Trump jnr criticised for misquoting London mayor over terrorism remark 'Extremely violent' Sydney gang emerges in Gold Coast Worker crushed to death when truck cab tips on him Canberra Times Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Trump jnr criticised for misquoting London mayor over terrorism remark 'I just cried and cried': Terminally ill man has Centrelink payments cut for interview no-show Moving APS is core business, and there will be more: Joyce Turnbull minister invokes penalty rates to defend travel allowance WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Apple Faces Tough Competition in China's $5.5 Trillion Mobile Payments Market Bloomberg News March 21, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT Alipay, Tencent cover 90% of mobile payment users in China Low payment usage comes amid decline in iPhone market share Apple Pay Faces Challenges in China Dong Ximiao was buying a meal at KFC in Hangzhou on a recent Sunday and pulled out his phone to pay, like everyone does in China, when the cashier asked: “Alipay or WeChat Pay?” The problem was, Dong wanted to use Apple Pay for the 36 yuan ($5.20) bill, but the cashier told him she had never handled transactions before and wasn’t sure whether it was accepted at the fried-chicken outlet. “I knew for sure KFC stores accept it,” said Dong, 39, a researcher at Renmin University. “So I ended up teaching her step-by-step how to complete the transaction, and she was surprised at how easy it was.” A year after introducing its payments technology to China, Apple Inc. is struggling to win share in the $5.5 trillion market, even with the backing of the country’s biggest banks and clearing network. That’s partly because there are fewer iPhones, which made up just 9.6 percent of smartphone sales last year. But mainly, consumers are far more accustomed to using Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.’s affiliate Alipay and Tencent Holdings Ltd.’s WeChat Pay, which have been available for several years and work on all mobile devices, including iPhones. “I don’t think Apple Pay can achieve the same market share as Alipay or WeChat Pay in the foreseeable future,” said Marie Sun, a Shenzhen-based analyst at Morningstar Investment Service. “The only chance I can think of is if there’s any big security breach happening to Chinese rivals so customers will seek for some alternative. Personally, I don’t see any benefits to switching myself.” Carolyn Wu, a spokeswoman for Apple, declined to comment by email. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in October that he’s “very bullish” on China, even as revenue in Greater China declined 17 percent in the latest fiscal year. Introduced in 2014, Apple Pay isn’t designed to bring in significant revenue by itself; instead, the feature is aimed at making iPhones a more attractive device compared with rival smartphones. Click here for more on how Apple Pay has fared since it debuted. If there’s a country where Apple Pay should have a decent chance of succeeding, it would be China. According to TNS Global Ltd., 40 percent of connected consumers pay with mobile devices on a weekly basis. That makes China the No. 1 market globally, followed by Hong Kong and South Korea. Asia also leads in mobile payments over the U.S. and Europe, the researcher said. When Apple Pay debuted in China in February 2016, it had lined up more than a dozen partners, including the Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd. and China Construction Bank Corp. Even more importantly, users could register their bank or credit cards and make purchases through China UnionPay Co.’s dominant point-of-sales network, which includes more than 10 million machines capable of handling touch-and-pay transactions. A UnionPay representative declined to comment. Alipay or WeChat Pay, however, work by scanning codes, directly online or other methods, making them an easier and cheaper option for merchants to set up. The machines required for Apple Pay and other devices using near-field communication are more expensive. Alipay and WeChat Pay were also designed so that people can send money to each other or split restaurant bills, making the apps more like cash wallets. “Alipay and WeChat Pay are early movers,” Sun said. “They are still doing a lot of promotions, like giving cash rebates to encourage Chinese customers to use their payments system.” At one major Chinese bank, just 1 percent of 10 million-plus digital-banking customers have signed up for Apple Pay since it was rolled out, according to an executive at the bank. User activity has dropped to once every three months per user, on average, from once a month a year earlier, said the executive, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private. One key factor why Apple Pay is lagging behind WeChat and Alipay: iPhones are being squeezed out by Oppo, Huawei and other Chinese smartphone brands, which have introduced high-end devices that are popular with consumers. IPhone shipments in China fell 23 percent in 2016, according to IDC.  Apple Pay is facing setbacks in other markets too. In Australia, Apple has stepped up its battle with the nation’s banks over the future of mobile payments, accusing an industry consortium of attempting to “delay or even block” its entry into the country. In Japan, Apple Pay had a rough start in October when some commuters had trouble registering their train passes onto iPhones. Even in its home market, Apple is facing stiffer competition as retailers and fast-food restaurants introduce their own mobile-payment services. Click here for more on Apple Pay’s rollout in Japan. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up While Apple struggles against entrenched rivals, mobile payments are booming in China, with total transaction value topping 38 trillion yuan in 2016, triple the previous year, according to Beijing-based IResearch. Alipay and Tencent together cover about 90 percent of mobile-payment users in China, the market-research firm said. By comparison, the U.S. mobile-payments market increased by 39 percent to $112 billion last year, according to Forrester Research. At a Wedome bakery shop in Beijing’s central business district, the cashier said Apple Pay is accepted at more than 280 of the stores across the city. “But I’m sorry, I don’t know how it works as I never got to use it,” she said, while scanning a WeChat payment on a customer’s iPhone. “It’s very hard to change the existing landscape -- not entirely impossible, but very hard,” Dong said. “Apple needs to fix two gaps --the last kilometer and the last centimeter. The last kilometer is about having more merchants accept it, especially in the smaller Chinese cities, while the last centimeter means having more consumers choose it. Both are costly and time-consuming.” — With assistance by Jun Luo, and Lulu Chen Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Recap: Everything Apple Announced Today in Under 3 Minutes Tuesday March 21, 2017 2:51 pm PDT by Juli Clover Apple didn't hold an official event to make major announcements this week, but there was a mini press release extravaganza that saw the company introduce new hardware products, a new app, and improvements to existing devices. A new 9.7-inch iPad debuted with an impressively low $329 price point, and there's now a red aluminum iPhone 7. New Apple Watch bands are out, there are iPhone cases in new colors, Apple is about to release an app for making videos, and the iPhone SE and the iPad mini 4 got new minimum storage tiers and pricing drops. We've recapped everything Apple announced today in the video below, and we've rounded up all of our new product coverage. - Apple Debuts New 9.7-Inch iPad With A9 Chip to Replace iPad Air 2, Starting at $329 - iPad Mini 4 With 128GB of Storage Now Starts at $399 as 32GB Model Discontinued - Apple Unveils Special Edition (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - Apple Announces Video Creation iOS App 'Clips' - Apple Doubles iPhone SE Storage to 32GB and 128GB - Apple Watch Gets New Striped Woven Nylon, Classic Buckle, and Standalone Nike Sport Bands - Apple Launches New Silicone and Leather iPhone 7 Case Colors - Apple Discontinues iPad Mini 2 - Swift Playgrounds Now Available in Five Additional Languages While we saw new devices today, there's still quite a bit on the horizon. The much-rumored ~10-inch iPad with a revamped design has yet to make an appearance, and we're still awaiting a new 12.9-inch iPad Pro, too, along with Kaby Lake Macs and the highly anticipated iPhone 8. With no event coming up in the near future, we may be waiting until June's Worldwide Developers Conference or the fall to see many of these new releases but make sure to keep an eye on MacRumors for the latest rumors on Apple's launch plans. [ 168 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Santabean2000 2 days ago at 03:01 pm So much, yet so little. With every release, there is just less and less to get excited about. This 'pipeline' Tim keeps talking about is just a sewer right now. Rating: 57 Votes Chones cajones 2 days ago at 03:03 pm So, in summation, nothing of any interest at all. Rating: 42 Votes yaxomoxay 2 days ago at 02:53 pm Three minutes is way more than enough. Rating: 36 Votes macbeta 2 days ago at 03:01 pm No pro anything. I was hoping for something a little more than coloured watch bands and minor bump updates to 3 year old products. I guess they really just spending all their focus on the new campus or something. For such a large rich company, I would have expected at least regular bumps on things like the macs. The words of Phill still ring in my ears "Can't innovate my ass". Maybe? but they sure cant produce regular updates other than new coloured stuff. Rating: 24 Votes Steve121178 2 days ago at 03:02 pm Underwhelming and not that exciting. This is starting to sound all too familiar. Rating: 19 Votes keysofanxiety 2 days ago at 03:13 pm People quickly forget this was just mentioned by Apple as store maintenance. Sure, you're welcome to complain about Macs not being updated. However it's a bit foolish to have expected anything from today but bumped storage and a few minor updates. History alone could tell you that. Rating: 15 Votes Derekuda 2 days ago at 03:06 pm Oh...my goodness! I want to see Apples stock just take a giant dive after these suck announcements, and furthermore I want Tim Cook gone.....FOREVER! Rating: 14 Votes PabloSRT8 2 days ago at 03:10 pm Tim Cook is the new Gil Amelio... Rating: 10 Votes AppleScruff1 2 days ago at 05:47 pm I find the complainers interesting. Apple is a company. It is a public company with stock. It has to do quarterly reports. It grows at >20% per year. It has a P/E under 17 which is less than 20+8. It has room to go up on a P/E basis alone. The admitted marginal improvements in mature products acknowledged, it is an ANNUITY. There is no end in sight. Devices become functionally obsolete and "need" to be replaced at a rate. ~2 years for a phone, ~4 years for a pad, ~4-6 years for a Mac. Apple simply adjusted to the reality of its market. It even changed its name! It has significant user base growth! Great for the non stockholding consumer! I'm sure profit and growth are the major concerns for Joe Consumer. [doublepost=1490143812][/doublepost] interesting the new iPad still has a headphone jack... You can only have so much courage. Rating: 10 Votes joy.757 2 days ago at 03:24 pm Wow, I completely missed these announcements. Nothing here of interest to me though. We need new Macs. Rating: 9 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 WWDC 2017 June 5–9 More Blog Stories Apple to Begin iPhone 6, 6s, and SE Manufacturing in India Over Next Few Months 1 hour ago on iOS Blog Government officials in India today confirmed that Apple will begin manufacturing iPhone devices within its Bangalore plant over the next few months, in a bid to boost the company's presence... 13 comments Tim Cook Hails China Investment, Says Apple 'Here to Stay' 3 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple CEO Tim Cook sat down for an interview with Chinese media outlet Caixin on Tuesday, in which he emphasized Apple's ambitions in China and its long-term commitment to investment there. ... 12 comments Google Photos and Duo App Updates Coming For Users in Low Connectivity Areas 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Google announced a couple of notable updates for its Duo and Photos apps yesterday at the company's São Paulo event, where it pitched the features as ideal solutions for users in Brazil who live... 5 comments Nintendo's 'Super Mario Run' for iOS Updated With New Characters, Easy Mode and More Free Content 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Nintendo today released version 2.0 of Super Mario Run, its popular Mario-themed platform game for iOS devices. Today's update adds a host of new features, including new playable characters, an... 20 comments Best Buy Offering $25 Gift Card With Purchase of New iPad 18 hours ago on iOS Blog With the purchase of one of Apple's new iPads, announced yesterday, Best Buy is offering a free $25 Best Buy gift card that can be used towards future Best Buy purchases. The $25... 18 comments How to Tell Whether Your New LG UltraFine 5K Display Has the Shielding Fix 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Last week, we shared a brief video showing that LG's revisions to the shielding in the UltraFine 5K display have successfully addressed issues with the display flickering and disconnecting when... 11 comments Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 26 With WebGPU Prototype 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced one year ago in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test... 26 comments djay Pro for Mac Gains Touch Bar Enhancements, Pioneer DJ Integration 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Algoriddim's djay Pro for Mac received a major update today, introducing a range of new features for both hobbyists and professional DJs. Through a partnership with Pioneer DJ, djay Pro is... 1 comments • Hackers Claim Access to 300 Million iCloud Accounts, Say Apple Refused to Pay $75,000 Ransom (139) • Google Maps Introduces New Location Sharing Feature With Real-Time Friend Tracking (35) • Apple Drops iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Branding in China (42) • Amazon Brings 'Send to Kindle' Read-it-Later Feature to Safari iOS (2) • Bear Notes 1.1 Update Adds Infinite Nested Tags, Note Merging, 3D Touch, New Code Syntax Support, and More (2) • Amazon Music iOS App Now Supports CarPlay (20) • Apple Releases iTunes 12.6 With Cross-Device Movie Rental Access (103)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Death Road to Canada', 'The Elder Scrolls: Legends', 'Sunless Sea', 'One Finger Death Punch 3D', 'Crash of Cars', 'Sword of Shadows', 'Construction Simulator 2' and More 'Cut.' is Another Bedeviling Puzzler From 'Hocus.' and 'Pocus.' Developer Gamebra.in 'Hearthstone' Senior Game Designer Talks Un'Goro Quests 'Super Mario Run' Is Out on Android and Version 2.0 is Out on iOS Bethesda's 'The Elder Scrolls: Legends' CCG Is Out Worldwide The 4X Board Game 'Exodus: Proxima Centauri' Is Coming to Mobile AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe technology leadership magazine most innovative companies most creative people video news all stories FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 2 minute Read innovation agents With Its Cheap New iPad, Apple Wants To Overcome The Perils Of Premium Pricing How do you get people who are happy with their old tablet to upgrade? Apple’s answer: an iPad designed with affordability in mind. Photos: courtesy of Apple By Mark Sullivan03.21.17 | 6:19 pm Nobody knows more about commanding a premium price for hardware–and reaping the reward in high profits–than Apple. But its long-suffering iPad has finally succumbed to the realities of the tablet marketplace. Though rumor had it that the company might release upgraded iPad Pro models in March, the sole new iPad that the company announced today is a 9.7″ model called, simply, iPad. It packs a more powerful processor than the iPad Air 2 it’s replacing, but its starting price of $329 is $70 cheaper. (Signs of cost-cutting include the fact that the new model lacks the antireflective coating and fully laminated display of other iPads, and is slightly chunkier than the Air 2.) Sales of the iPad have been shrinking over the past few years: Apple sold 13.3 million iPads in the last quarter of 2016, a 19% drop from the same quarter a year earlier. It sold 43% fewer iPads in 2016 than it did in 2013. The main problem is that consumers are far less inclined to upgrade their iPads than they are their iPhones. And the higher the price of a new iPad, the easier the decision to stick with what you’ve got. “Apple thinks if they offer a new iPad at a very attractive price, current iPad users will finally be tempted to upgrade,” said Above Avalon analyst Neil Cybart in a Tuesday morning brief. “There are approximately 150 million people (my estimate) currently using a 9.7-inch iPad [and] up to now, Apple has been unable to get these people to upgrade to a newer iPad.” Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson points out that Apple’s intent to create a two-tiered product line is now obvious. iPad unit sales numbers may start to recover without boosting the total revenue. “The new iPad drops the Air branding, and offers specs a year or two behind the iPad Pro line, while reducing the price to the lowest in Apple’s iPad lineup, at $329,” he wrote in a Tuesday research note. The Pro models have superior processors and more memory, as well as added features like the Pencil stylus and the Smart Keyboard. That makes the lower tier of iPads logical choices to be used primarily as content consumption devices, while the full-featured models in the upper tier can be used for creative and productivity purposes. Daw also points out that for the first time it’s more economical to buy a new 9.7-inch iPad model than to buy the more recent iPad mini, which still starts at $399. In recent quarters, we’ve seen iPad unit sales numbers falling in rough proportion to revenue numbers. With the establishment of the two-caste system in the iPad line, the unit sales numbers may start to recover without boosting the total revenue. And profits will likely suffer. Apple’s products have famously high margins, usually in the neighborhood of 40%. But iPad margins have very likely been well below that, and the lowered price point on the new model won’t help. More iPhone For Your Money Nor is the iPhone immune from the problem of premium pricing. Last year’s iPhone SE was meant to be Apple’s sub-$400 answer to the needs of emerging markets like India and China. But competition in those countries is tough, due to competition from the local smartphone brands. And the smartphone market worldwide is cooling off as it matures, leaving fewer brand-new buyers in the mix. Today Apple announced that it’s sweetening the iPhone SE deal by doubling the memory in both models of the phones will retaining the same prices. The $399 16GB model moves to 32GB, and the $499 64GB model goes to 128GB. Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories Technology Did People Suffer For Your Cotton Shirt? DNA Tagging Lets You Track Its Origins Technology Amazon’s Alexa Is Spreading From Speakers To Screens Technology LinkedIn Aims To Turn New “Trending Storylines” Into A Daily Habit–And A Moneymaker Video Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report How Matt Damon—And A Bunch of Balloons—Are Raising Awareness for World Water Day What John Legend Learned From Working in Consulting Hollywood Can't Win When It Comes To Race Your Next iPhone Can Now Come In Red Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal Revealed Her Questionable Office Behavior Last Summer Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal On Why Thinx Didn't Offer Period Leave How Sweetgreen Stays Competitive In A Crowded Space Of Dining Options A Microsoft Engineer Discusses Why Diversity In Tech Will Make Better Products Now You Can Literally See The Differences Between Apple And Google These Married Chefs Prove Working With Your Spouse Isn't Always A Terrible Idea Why One CEO Says It’s A Company’s Responsibility To Speak Out Politically Buzz Aldrin Wants To Take You To Mars--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Beauty And The Beast Has Had Some Wonderful (And Weird) Adaptations How This Company Could Allow You To See The World--While Juicing Why This CEO Thinks Millennials Are Socially-Conscious And Good For Businesses These AI-Powered Robot Spiders Utilize Your iPhone's Incredible Processor You’ll Never Guess What The Most-Shared Story Was On Facebook In February Wolfgang Puck Impressed His First Boss—And Built A Career From It President Donald Trump In A Minute How One Modeling Agency Is Diversifying The Runway You Can Land A Drone On This Vehicle--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Why This Psychedelic Drug Is Drawing Entrepreneurs To Peru How Diversifying Barbie's Look Dramatically Increased Sales Why This Bento Box Of Clothing May Be A Woman's Answer To Getting Dressed For Work These Companies Are Making Political Statements—But Staying True to Their Customers How Working With Youth Keeps Phillipe Cousteau Innovative Here's What Uber Needs To Do To Fix Their Broken Culture Netflix Wants To Be Your Personal Trainer--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Three Things You Might Not Know About Snap's Big IPO More Stories TV With Animation In Her Blood, Claire Keane Is Ready To Bring Disney’s “Tangled” To TV Technology Did People Suffer For Your Cotton Shirt? DNA Tagging Lets You Track Its Origins Movies The First Look At “Death Note” Is Amazing (If You Don’t Dwell On The Casting) Entertainment “Porn Today Is Sex Education”: Netflix’s “Hot Girls Wanted” Returns Ideas Ideas Some News From Your Friends At Co.Exist Ideas In India, 1,000 Villages Will Become Free Internet Hotspots Science Pharmacies Often Fail To Warn Customers About Dangerous Drug Interactions Entertainment Movies The First Look At “Death Note” Is Amazing (If You Don’t Dwell On The Casting) Movies “Porn Today Is Sex Education”: Netflix’s “Hot Girls Wanted” Returns TV Here’s Everything You Need To Know Before You Watch Dave Chappelle’s Netflix Specials Co.Design Graphic One Surprising Side Effect Of Anti-Trump Protests: An Art Supply Sales Boom What Would The World Look Like Without Highways? Spaces How 5 Chief Resilience Officers Are Preparing For The Next 50 Years Fast Company TV With Animation In Her Blood, Claire Keane Is Ready To Bring Disney’s “Tangled” To TV Video Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report Sustainability How L’Oréal Is Turning Itself Into A Sustainability Leader Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Leisure Home LBoard Kit Siang to address ‘missing’ posters issue tomorrow FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple drives further into Facebook, Snap territory with video app Reuters | March 22, 2017 Clips, which will hit Apple's App Store in April, lets customers take videos and add animated captions and titles, complete with colorful emoji symbols. SAN FRANCISCO: With the release of a new video app called Clips, Apple Inc is inching one step closer to fully engaging in the messaging world, where its huge base of iPhone users could help it compete with Snap Inc’s Snapchat and Facebook Inc’s Messenger. Clips, which will hit Apple’s App Store in April, lets customers take videos and add animated captions and titles, complete with colorful emoji symbols. The app also makes it possible to stitch together multiple video clips and add speech bubbles and filters. The functions closely resemble those that drive Snap’s wildly popular Stories feature. With Stories, Snap users string together photos and videos, embellish them and then post them to their feeds. Apple’s new Clips lets users post their video to Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Vimeo and more. But if users post them to Apple’s own Messages app, Apple will recommend whom to share it with based on which friends are in the videos and whom the user frequently contacts – the kind of predictive social features Facebook excels at. Apple has a huge number of users for Messages, the flagship app for short notes that is built into the iPhone’s iOS 10 software. Apple does not say how many people use the app, but it does say that there more than 1 billion iOS devices on the market and that 79 percent of them run iOS 10. Apple also says that Messages is the most commonly used app on iOS devices, giving the company potentially up to 800 million users for its latest messaging platform. Snap, by contrast, has 161 million daily active users. While Apple’s Clips competitor will technically be a separate app from Messages, it will be tied closely to it for the ability share Clips videos with other Apple users. Facebook has more than 1 billion users for both Messenger, which was split off from the main Facebook service in 2014, and for WhatsApp, which it acquired for $19 billion the same year. Apple has been steadily matching the features of Facebook’s Messenger. But Apple is also walking a fine line with other messaging players, cooperating with them often as it competes with them. For example, it has opened up the iPhone’s dialer app, long closed off to developers, so that iPhone users could place and receive Skype and WhatsApp calls through the device’s native interface. Alphabet Inc’s Google and Microsoft Corp have been scrambling to get into the game, too. Google has more than a half dozen messaging apps, including Allo, its latest. Microsoft has tried to integrate chat into its Skype app, and Microsoft-owned LinkedIn is a popular tool for business notes. But tech giants obsess over messaging because it is where users are headed, according to analyst firm Gartner. Between 2015 and 2016, the percentage of US and UK smartphone owners who used social media apps dropped from 85% to 83 % while messaging apps jumped from 68%to 71%, a trend Gartner expects will continue. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Indian police arrest four over smuggling 18 human skeletons TripAdvisor names Bali best global destination for 2017 ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Another man taken away, similar to how pastor was abducted Husbands the cause of high breast cancer deaths? Rahman Dahlan hits back at Guan Eng’s… Tony Pua slams government’s U-turn on fuel ceiling… Former anti-vice police chief jailed 40 years for rape Singapore radio station fined for racially insensitive… Annuar Musa offers RM10,000 for essay proving Kit Siang a… Indian MP admits hitting air steward 25 times with slipper Siri to the rescue for 4-year-old’s mum Go after Jho Low instead of ‘Superman’ Hew, says ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Ideas has it wrong, Malaysia is not off track Confused conservatives Pelajar dan telur Malaysia’s broken borders Comedy bumps Malaysia up on happiness index Rental housing is the way to go More... FMT Bahasa Azmin cuba bergurau tapi tak kena tempat, kata pemimpin PAS Seorang lagi diculik ala kes Pastor‎ Koh Kabinet setuju kaji hukuman mati pesalah dadah, kata Azalina Pemimpin PAS saran kerakyatan sementara untuk Rohingya Jamil Khir: Sebat cara syariah pernah dilaksanakan Inflasi dijangka naik hingga 4% pada 2017 More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Linc Announces Universal ChatBot, Voice and Digital Platform for Customer Service and Engagement Retailers use Linc to respond to customer needs via Messenger, WhatsApp, Google Home, Amazon Alexa, and other consumer-preferred communication channels News provided by Linc Global Mar 21, 2017, 17:29 ET Share this article LAS VEGAS, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Linc, which delivers engaging post purchase experiences and customer service for large brands and retailers, today announced an intelligent customer engagement platform at the Shoptalk conference in Las Vegas, Nevada. Linc's new platform offers branded ChatBots on Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp and Apple iMessage, plus voice assistance through Amazon Alexa, Google Home and Apple's Siri, along with enhanced email, web and text. Linc provides solutions to key challenges for retailers and brands from building stronger customer relationships with increased opt-in and engagement rates, to driving additional revenue through upsell. The platform also yields strong conversions from return to exchange to saved lost revenue, increases customer satisfaction and loyalty, and contains costs in customer support center and reverse logistics. "Consumers are rapidly adopting the most convenient digital channels as their preferred methods of communication. They are moving beyond email and web, adopting chat and voice, and demonstrating a preference for convenient and timely communications. Engaging consumers where they prefer to be served is a top priority for retailers who want to meet expectations and build a loyal customer base," said Fang Cheng, CEO, Linc Global. "Linc has created a platform that will help retailers engage effectively with their audience and provide an immediate ROI, without an overwhelming upfront investment." Linc Cortex Platform Linc Proven performance across digital communication channels The new Linc platform brings commerce-trained artificial intelligence (AI), natural language understanding, and intelligent service and upsell capabilities to a range of channels, giving retailers and brands alike an opportunity to pilot, launch, and engage customers with little risk, short time to market, and concrete ROI in a short period of time. Linc is already powering Facebook Messenger ChatBots and Amazon Alexa post-purchase ecommerce service for more than a dozen brands – including JustFab and eBags – providing direct engagement with their customers in real time. In addition, Linc powers tracking, returns, and exchanges on established digital channels like email, SMS, and web. Get up and running quickly With pre-built integrations, Linc's platform works alongside existing ecommerce platforms, email service providers, order management systems, third party logistics, global carriers and social management platforms, making roll out fast and easy. Retailers and brands that deploy the Linc platform often recoup their investment through call reduction alone, and in many cases, see immediate additional revenue through upsell offers. In this customer-centric age consumers are already on conversational channels, and they're waiting to engage. To find out more about the new Linc platform please visit http://www.letslinc.com/.  About Linc Linc is a customer service and retention platform built to bridge the gap between modern consumers and the companies serving them by delivering exceptional post-purchase service, support and upsells. Linc's Cortex uses commerce-trained AI, machine learning and natural language understanding to engage customers through established and emerging digital channels like email, text, web, ChatBots and voice, and drives additional revenue, increases customer satisfaction while containing costs in customer support and reverse logistics. Customers include innovative apparel, cosmetics and lifestyle brands like GoPro, Carter's, Vineyard Vines and L'Oreal, and Linc is partnered with leading logistics and commerce platforms such as Pitney Bowes, Shopify Plus and Workarea. Linc's platform works with existing commerce, logistics, email marketing, social management and OMS platforms and is pre-integrated to over 350 global carriers. For more information about Linc, visit http://www.letslinc.com/. Contact: Joshua Milne, 151603@email4pr.com, 617-501-1620 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/linc-announces-universal-chatbot-voice-and-digital-platform-for-customer-service-and-engagement-300427357.html SOURCE Linc Global Related Links http://www.letslinc.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Linc Announces Universal ChatBot, Voice and Digital Platform for Customer Service and Engagement News provided by Linc Global Mar 21, 2017, 17:29 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe technology leadership magazine most innovative companies most creative people video news all stories FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 3 minute Read most innovative companies Why The iPad Is Still Important To Apple’s Future (Hint: Work) Apple will likely give iPad sales a shot in the arm with its new $329 model, hoping that many of them end up in your workplace. Photo: courtesy of Apple By Mark Sullivan03.21.17 | 4:00 pm Apple’s refresh of its iPad line this morning is about more than just demonstrating the company’s faith in the product—it’s also about the company trying to crack the enterprise market. The new low-cost $329 9.7-inch iPad with more power essentially replaces the iPad Air 2. It’s a key move for the iPad business, and, arguably, long overdue. After all, iPad sales have been slumping in recent years, and for fairly obvious reasons. The tablet’s sales are cannibalized on two sides. As iPhones have gotten bigger and bigger and more sophisticated, a shrinking number of tasks—mostly content consumption tasks—have required the larger screen space of the iPad. And yet for more advanced content creation tasks, most people still turn to their laptops—which, in Apple’s case, have been getting smaller and smaller, further infringing on the iPad’s territory. (Apple sold 13.3 million iPads in the last quarter of 2016, a 19% drop from the same quarter a year earlier.) But that’s a dynamic that applies to the consumer space. It doesn’t apply so neatly to the enterprise space. Many enterprise apps simply call for both mobility and well more than 5.5 inches (on the diagonal) of screen space. There’s room to move for Apple in the enterprise space, where clunky, hard-to-use and harder-to-look-at applications running on stationary computers are commonplace—despite the fact that most workers use far friendlier apps and devices in their personal lives. In recent years Apple has been accelerating its push into enterprise via partnerships with players like IBM, SAP, and Cisco. The model involves Apple lending its app-building expertise to the partner to create specialized apps for enterprise clients. The partner then sells or leases to the client Apple devices on which to run the apps. For example, Apple helped IBM create an app called Passenger+ for airline flight attendants. They use it to manage special requests and needs from passengers, deal with flight delays and connection issues, and to sell personalized upgrades and other products and services to individual passengers. The app’s main screen provides a look at the whole cabin, then allows the user to zoom in for personal data on this passenger or that. It’s a pointing and tapping app; it doesn’t require much text input, so a physical keyboard isn’t really necessary. IBM MobileFirst for iOS There are many such examples in the enterprise world. Apple and IBM worked together to create a patient management app for nurses. The app provides a detailed graphic look at all the patients in the ward at any given time and features notifications and alarms for those situations when patients need attention. Similarly, a doctor might have a far easier time doing rounds with a patient list displayed on an iPad than trying to read vitals on an iPhone (even a Plus-sized one) or with a MacBook Pro, which is unwieldy. An ER doc does far better running the triage list on a small iPad for the same reasons: She needs a mobile device with plenty of screen space, but relies on input methods that don’t necessarily require a keyboard. iPads also work well in retail environments, especially when a sale requires some data entry or extraction, capturing customer signatures, or processing a credit card payment. In the hospitality industry, more hotels are loaning guests an iPad to use as their personal control panel for the room. They swipe and touch to control entertainment, lights, and temperature in the room, and to order food and additional services from downstairs. The iPad will also be better suited to some specialized consumer uses. The hotel suite has many of the same features as the Smart Home, a setting for which Apple is steadily growing a new ecosystem of apps and devices. Apple introduced its Home app last year (well after it started building the Home ecosystem), which is now a built-in part of iOS. It’s mainly showed the app running on the iPhone; but as the number of connected appliances, sensors, fixtures, and other connected things start to add up, the larger screen of the iPad makes the job of controlling and coordinating all that stuff easier. And there may be other specialized consumer uses or ecosystems we don’t yet know about. The iPad might play a central role in Apple’s Augmented Reality strategy for all we know. At any rate it’s clear that the iPad line is getting refreshed with more regularity that the Mac line. So Apple clearly still believes that there’s a major role in the world for the device, whether it’s in the workplace, or wedged between the iPhone and the Mac in the consumer space. Apple also announced new 32GB and 128GB versions of the iPhone SE, a red Red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, new Apple Watch bands, and a new video app called Clips. Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories Technology Did People Suffer For Your Cotton Shirt? DNA Tagging Lets You Track Its Origins Technology Amazon’s Alexa Is Spreading From Speakers To Screens Technology LinkedIn Aims To Turn New “Trending Storylines” Into A Daily Habit–And A Moneymaker Video Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report How Matt Damon—And A Bunch of Balloons—Are Raising Awareness for World Water Day What John Legend Learned From Working in Consulting Hollywood Can't Win When It Comes To Race Your Next iPhone Can Now Come In Red Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal Revealed Her Questionable Office Behavior Last Summer Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal On Why Thinx Didn't Offer Period Leave How Sweetgreen Stays Competitive In A Crowded Space Of Dining Options A Microsoft Engineer Discusses Why Diversity In Tech Will Make Better Products Now You Can Literally See The Differences Between Apple And Google These Married Chefs Prove Working With Your Spouse Isn't Always A Terrible Idea Why One CEO Says It’s A Company’s Responsibility To Speak Out Politically Buzz Aldrin Wants To Take You To Mars--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Beauty And The Beast Has Had Some Wonderful (And Weird) Adaptations How This Company Could Allow You To See The World--While Juicing Why This CEO Thinks Millennials Are Socially-Conscious And Good For Businesses These AI-Powered Robot Spiders Utilize Your iPhone's Incredible Processor You’ll Never Guess What The Most-Shared Story Was On Facebook In February Wolfgang Puck Impressed His First Boss—And Built A Career From It President Donald Trump In A Minute How One Modeling Agency Is Diversifying The Runway You Can Land A Drone On This Vehicle--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Why This Psychedelic Drug Is Drawing Entrepreneurs To Peru How Diversifying Barbie's Look Dramatically Increased Sales Why This Bento Box Of Clothing May Be A Woman's Answer To Getting Dressed For Work These Companies Are Making Political Statements—But Staying True to Their Customers How Working With Youth Keeps Phillipe Cousteau Innovative Here's What Uber Needs To Do To Fix Their Broken Culture Netflix Wants To Be Your Personal Trainer--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Three Things You Might Not Know About Snap's Big IPO More Stories TV With Animation In Her Blood, Claire Keane Is Ready To Bring Disney’s “Tangled” To TV Technology Did People Suffer For Your Cotton Shirt? DNA Tagging Lets You Track Its Origins Movies The First Look At “Death Note” Is Amazing (If You Don’t Dwell On The Casting) Entertainment “Porn Today Is Sex Education”: Netflix’s “Hot Girls Wanted” Returns Ideas Ideas Some News From Your Friends At Co.Exist Ideas In India, 1,000 Villages Will Become Free Internet Hotspots Science Pharmacies Often Fail To Warn Customers About Dangerous Drug Interactions Entertainment Movies The First Look At “Death Note” Is Amazing (If You Don’t Dwell On The Casting) Movies “Porn Today Is Sex Education”: Netflix’s “Hot Girls Wanted” Returns TV Here’s Everything You Need To Know Before You Watch Dave Chappelle’s Netflix Specials Co.Design Graphic One Surprising Side Effect Of Anti-Trump Protests: An Art Supply Sales Boom What Would The World Look Like Without Highways? Spaces How 5 Chief Resilience Officers Are Preparing For The Next 50 Years Fast Company TV With Animation In Her Blood, Claire Keane Is Ready To Bring Disney’s “Tangled” To TV Video Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report Sustainability How L’Oréal Is Turning Itself Into A Sustainability Leader Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year Trending in Apple Best iPhone apps for controlling your HomeKit devices Trending in Apple Drone Diary: The DJI Mavic Pro flies autonomously using the Litchi app March 21 AAPL: 139.84 -1.62 Designer offers up (RED) iPhone 7 concept with black front Michael Potuck - Mar. 21st 2017 3:26 pm PT @michaelpotuck iPhone 7 render View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Although we aren’t likely to see Apple offer up a another variation on the iPhone 7 color, designer Benjamin Geskin has already produced a beautiful render showing what the (RED) iPhone 7 Plus would look like with a black front. AirPods There’s no doubt the (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 announced today has created a lot of buzz and will certainly help Apple keep its iPhone sales momentum as we head toward the iPhone 8 release this fall. However, people were quick to mention that Apple only offering a white front with the iPhone update was a deal breaker. Geskin, who created some recent popular iPhone 8 concept images, produced this sharp render within a handful of hours after Apple’s announcement that even caught the attention of Marques Brownlee. One aspect of the new (RED) iPhone 7 with white front that seems to be a turn off is that is closely resembles the (RED) iPod touch. I have to agree, I don’t love the idea of spending $800+ on an iPhone and having such a similar aesthetic to an iPod. But beyond that, there are many people who just prefer to stick with a black front no matter what color the enclosure is. Our own Chance Miller joked around that a (RED) iPhone with black front could be called the iPhone U2 Special Edition. After laughing about that idea, I thought it might be hard to take a red and black iPhone seriously, but this concept shows this would look quite different. While the U2 iPod featured a black front with red click wheel, the bold red enclosure and black front on this iPhone 7 render creates a really slick aesthetic. While it’s now possible to get your AirPods custom painted to be most any color you’d like, we’ll have to either stick with the (RED) iPhone 7 that Apple is making or you can also check out the various skins available on the market if you’d like to stick with your black front but add some color to your enclosure. Colorware and dbrand make some of the most popular and quality options. Although if you want to try out a red iPhone and get it out of your system for a couple bucks, Amazon has various red skins and ultra-thin cases starting at $7. iPhone 7 (RED) with black front.#iPhoneRED #iPhone7RED pic.twitter.com/wferyEcBwl — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) March 21, 2017     Michael Potuck @michaelpotuck Michael is an editor for 9to5Mac and 9to5Google. You’ll find his articles most often on 9to5Mac where he writes the weekly ‘Become Tech Savvy’ series and also covers news, reviews, and how- to’s. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro Timbuk2 Messenger Bag Logitech MX Master Wireless Mouse Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide render View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home Reviews Articles Portfolios Buyer's Guide Gallery Forums User Reviews About Advertise Competitions DIWA Awards Links Newsletter RSS Feeds Search LATEST REVIEWS Sony Cyber-shot T77 Sony Cyber-shot T700 Sanyo HD2000 Autodesk Stitcher Panasonic DMC-FS25 Portraiture 2 Olympus E-30 Sony A900 Olympus SP-565 UZ Genuine Fractals 6 All Reviews Best Digital Cameras LATEST COMMENTS Sony A580 Hands-On Photos Date: Oct 14, 2016 Name: metal clamps Sony A6500 Hands-on Photos Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Xavier Munguia CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X8 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: NET Gate SPY Emergency Crack Sony Cyber-shot DSC-QX10 Winner Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Carla Sony Cyber-shot DSC-QX10 Winner Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Best Android Photography app World Photo Educator’s Symposium Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Help Correct Plagiarism Replichrome III: Archive Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Bibliography Editing Canon EOS 7D 2.0.5 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: replica rolex Canon EOS 7D 2.0.5 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: replique montres Atomos Release AtomOS6.4 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Google Allo Latest Threads MOST COMMENTS Panasonic DMC-LX1 Announced (796) Kodak Easyshare Z981 (514) Panasonic Lumix DMC-LX2 (481) Ricoh Caplio R3 Announced (422) Panasonic DMC-FZ30 Announced (361) Impossible B&W SX-70 Hard Color (293) Fujifilm Finepix E550 Review (264) Sony DSC-H5 and Sony DSC-H2 (242) Canon G7 (227) Samsung S800, Samsung S600 and Samsung S500 (209) ARCHIVES March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 Latest News Stories AFFILIATES Digital Photography Blog Digital Wedding Forum Everyday Eye Mark Goldstein Mobile Phones ShutterPoint   Apple Updates 9.7” iPad with Brighter Retina Display Apple today updated its 9.7-inch iPad, boasting a brighter Retina display and improved performance. Featuring an Apple A9 chip with 64‑bit desktop-class architecture and a large screen with over 3.1 million pixels, the new iPad is somewhat thicker (7.5mm) and marginally heavier (469g) than the iPad Air 2 model it replaces. According to the company, the front- and back-facing cameras offer "exceptional low-light performance." The new iPad comes in silver, gold and space grey and starts at £339 for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and £469 for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular version. Apple Press Release New 9.7-inch iPad Features Stunning Retina Display & Incredible Performance All of the Fun & Power of iPad, Now Starting at £339 CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2017 — Apple today updated its most popular-sized iPad, featuring a brighter 9.7-inch Retina display and best-in-class performance, starting at £339. Designed for unmatched portability and ease of use, along with incredible performance and all-day battery life, iPad is the world’s most popular tablet and the primary computing device for millions of customers around the world. Through the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for iPad, customers can do even more, from learning to code with Swift Playgrounds and reading books on the large screen to boosting productivity through Microsoft Office and using multitasking features like Split Screen. “iPad is the world’s most popular tablet. Customers love the large, 9.7-inch display for everything from watching TV and movies, to surfing the web, making FaceTime calls, and enjoying photos, and now it is even more affordable,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “New customers and anyone looking to upgrade will love this new iPad for use at home, in school, and for work, with its gorgeous Retina display, our powerful A9 chip, and access to the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for it.” iPad features a beautifully bright Retina display with over 3.1 million pixels for stunning pictures and videos, and is enclosed in a sturdy yet thin aluminium unibody enclosure weighing less than half a kilo for great portability and durability. The Apple-designed A9 chip with 64‑bit desktop-class architecture delivers fast processing and graphics performance for apps and games, while maintaining the same all-day battery life¹customers have come to expect from iPad. The front- and back-facing cameras offer exceptional low-light performance and HD video recording, making it fun and easy to FaceTime with friends and family and capture unforgettable memories using the large Retina display as a viewfinder. Ultrafast wireless means connecting with iPad is quick and easy, and support for LTE cellular bands worldwide helps customers stay connected when travelling.² Apple SIM makes it even easier to connect to wireless data plans right from your device when travelling in more than 140 countries and regions. Touch ID gives iPad users a simple and secure way to unlock iPad, keep personal information private within apps and approve purchases from the App Store, iTunes Store and iBooks Store. With Apple Pay³ on iPad, paying for physical goods and services within apps or on a website in Safari has never been easier. iPad comes with iOS 10, which brings more expressive and animated ways to communicate in Messages, new ways to use Siri with your favourite apps, beautifully redesigned Maps, Photos, Apple Music and News, and the new Home app, which lets you simply and securely set up, manage and control your home all in one place. Multitasking features including Slide Over, Split View and Picture-in-Picture help you do even more. Pricing & Availability • iPad comes in silver, gold and space grey and starts at £339 for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and £469 for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model at Apple.com and Apple Stores. For more information, please visit apple.com/ipad. • iPad is available to order beginning Friday, March 24, from Apple.com and starts delivering to customers and arriving next week in Apple Stores, through select carriers and Apple Authorised Resellers (prices may vary) in the US and more than 20 countries and regions, including Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. Denmark, India, Mexico, Norway, Russia, Turkey and other countries and regions will follow in April. Brazil, Taiwan and other countries and regions will follow in May. • Polyurethane Smart Covers for iPad are available for £39 in charcoal grey, white, midnight blue, pink sand and (RED) at Apple.com and Apple Stores. • iPad mini 4, available in silver, gold and space grey, now offers more capacity for the same price starting at £419 for the 128GB Wi-Fi model and £549 for the 128GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model at Apple.com and Apple Stores. • Every customer who buys iPad from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online⁴, to help them customise their iPad by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more. • Anyone who wants to learn the basics or go further with their new iPad can register for a free workshop at any Apple Store. ¹ Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary. ² LTE is available through select carriers. Network speeds are dependent on carrier networks. Check with your carrier for details. ³ Apple Pay is not available in all markets. For a list of Apple Pay countries, click here. ⁴ In most countries. Published: Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Compare Prices Support PhotographyBLOG: Buy this product from one of our affiliate retailers (US first/red, UK second/blue): Reader Comments Commenting is not available in this channel entry.   Discover a wide range of digital cameras at low prices. Buy cheap cameras from Sony and Canon. Share your photos thanks to digital photo frames. Varnam offers digital photo frame with built-in memory & battery. Flash Memory © Copyright 2003-2008 Photo 360 Limited Best Viewed at 1024x768 Screen Resolution
Home Reviews Articles Portfolios Buyer's Guide Gallery Forums User Reviews About Advertise Competitions DIWA Awards Links Newsletter RSS Feeds Search LATEST REVIEWS Sony Cyber-shot T77 Sony Cyber-shot T700 Sanyo HD2000 Autodesk Stitcher Panasonic DMC-FS25 Portraiture 2 Olympus E-30 Sony A900 Olympus SP-565 UZ Genuine Fractals 6 All Reviews Best Digital Cameras LATEST COMMENTS Sony A580 Hands-On Photos Date: Oct 14, 2016 Name: metal clamps Sony A6500 Hands-on Photos Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Xavier Munguia CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X8 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: NET Gate SPY Emergency Crack Sony Cyber-shot DSC-QX10 Winner Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Carla Sony Cyber-shot DSC-QX10 Winner Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Best Android Photography app World Photo Educator’s Symposium Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Help Correct Plagiarism Replichrome III: Archive Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Bibliography Editing Canon EOS 7D 2.0.5 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: replica rolex Canon EOS 7D 2.0.5 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: replique montres Atomos Release AtomOS6.4 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Google Allo Latest Threads MOST COMMENTS Panasonic DMC-LX1 Announced (796) Kodak Easyshare Z981 (514) Panasonic Lumix DMC-LX2 (481) Ricoh Caplio R3 Announced (422) Panasonic DMC-FZ30 Announced (361) Impossible B&W SX-70 Hard Color (293) Fujifilm Finepix E550 Review (264) Sony DSC-H5 and Sony DSC-H2 (242) Canon G7 (227) Samsung S800, Samsung S600 and Samsung S500 (209) ARCHIVES March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 Latest News Stories AFFILIATES Digital Photography Blog Digital Wedding Forum Everyday Eye Mark Goldstein Mobile Phones ShutterPoint   Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus RED Edition Apple today announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition in a vibrant red aluminium finish, in recognition of more than 10 years of partnership between Apple and (RED). “Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today’s lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (PRODUCT)RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED), and we can’t wait to get it into customers’ hands.” The Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition will be available in 128GB and 256GB models starting at £699. Both special edition models will be available worldwide beginning Friday, March 24, and start shipping to customers by the end of March in the US and more than 40 countries and regions. Apple Press Release Apple Introduces iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition Customers Can Now Purchase iPhone in a Beautiful New Finish & Contribute to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2017 — Apple today announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition in a vibrant red aluminium finish, in recognition of more than 10 years of partnership between Apple and (RED). This gives customers an unprecedented way to contribute to the Global Fund and bring the world a step closer to an AIDS-free generation. The special edition (PRODUCT)RED iPhone will be available to order online worldwide and in stores beginning Friday, March 24. “Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today’s lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (PRODUCT)RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED), and we can’t wait to get it into customers’ hands.” “Apple is the world’s largest corporate donor to the Global Fund, contributing more than $130 million as part of its partnership with (RED),” said Deborah Dugan, (RED)’s CEO. “Combining the global reach of the world’s most loved smartphone with our efforts to provide access to life-saving ARV medication in sub-Saharan Africa, customers now have a remarkable opportunity to make a difference and contribute to the Global Fund through the purchase of this new beautiful (PRODUCT)RED iPhone.” iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are the best, most advanced iPhones ever, packed with unique innovations that improve all the ways iPhone is used every day. Both phones feature the most popular camera in the world with advanced camera systems that shoot incredible photos and videos day or night, more power and performance with the best battery life ever in an iPhone, immersive stereo speakers and a wide colour system from camera to display, all in a water and dust resistant design. iPhone comes with iOS 10, which brings more expressive and animated ways to communicate in Messages, new ways to use Siri with your favourite apps, beautifully redesigned Maps, Photos, Apple Music and News, and the Home app, which lets you simply and securely set up, manage and control your home all in one place. (RED)’s critical work provides access to life-saving HIV/AIDS programs in sub-Saharan Africa, which is home to more than two thirds of the world’s HIV-positive population. One hundred percent of all money raised by (RED) goes directly to Global Fund HIV/AIDS grants that provide testing, counseling, treatment and prevention programmes with a specific focus on eliminating transmission of the virus from mums to their babies. Since it was founded in 2006, (RED) has generated more than $465 million for the Global Fund, with more than $130 million from Apple alone. Pricing & Availability • iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition will be available in 128GB and 256GB models starting at £699 from Apple.com and Apple Stores, and from Apple Authorised Resellers and select carriers (prices may vary). The special edition (PRODUCT)RED iPhone joins iPhone 7 finishes in jet black, black, silver, gold and rose gold. • Both special edition models are available worldwide beginning Friday, March 24, and start shipping to customers by the end of March in the US and more than 40 countries and regions, including Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, the UK and United Arab Emirates. Brazil, Chile, Colombia, India, Turkey and other countries will follow in April. • The special edition iPhone joins the current (PRODUCT)RED lineup, which is available for customers to purchase year-round, including the full iPod line of products, Beats Solo 3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones, Beats Pill+ Portable Speaker, the iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case and a range of accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch. • iPhone SE, the most powerful phone with a four-inch display, will be available beginning Friday, March 24, in 32GB and 128GB models, doubling the current capacity and replacing 16GB and 64GB models, all at the same starting price of £379 at Apple.com and Apple Stores. • New colours of Apple-designed iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus silicone cases in azure, camellia and pebble, and leather cases in taupe, sapphire and berry will also be available at Apple.com and Apple Stores starting at £35. • Through Apple’s iPhone Upgrade Program, customers in the US, UK and China can get an unlocked iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition, with the protection of AppleCare+, choose their carrier and have the opportunity to upgrade to a new iPhone every year.¹ • With iPhone Trade-Up, customers can trade in their eligible smartphone and use the credit toward the cost of a new iPhone.* • Every customer who buys iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition or iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online*, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more. • Anyone who wants to learn the basics or go further with their new iPhone can register for a free workshop at every Apple Store. *Where available. ¹ Full terms and conditions apply. Published: Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Compare Prices Support PhotographyBLOG: Buy this product from one of our affiliate retailers (US first/red, UK second/blue): Reader Comments Commenting is not available in this channel entry.   Discover a wide range of digital cameras at low prices. Buy cheap cameras from Sony and Canon. Share your photos thanks to digital photo frames. Varnam offers digital photo frame with built-in memory & battery. Flash Memory © Copyright 2003-2008 Photo 360 Limited Best Viewed at 1024x768 Screen Resolution
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Everything Apple just announced: Cheaper iPad, red iPhone CNET Alfred Ng 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL States where the middle class is being left behind Forbes 2017 billionaires list: Meet the richest people on the planet © Provided by CNET Here's all the major announcements Apple made on Tuesday: a new iPhone color, more space on the iPhone SE, and an upgrade to the iPad. Apple unloaded a laundry basket of announcements Tuesday, with changes for its iPad and the iPhone. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 140.64 -0.83 -0.59% Wells Fargo & Co WFC ▲ 55.34 +0.01 +0.02% Cousins Properties Inc CUZ ▲ 8.13 +0.02 +0.25% LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE LVMUY ▼ 43.13 -0.01 -0.01% Here's a quick rundown of Apple's news, including a new color for the iPhone, the disappearance of the iPad Air and a new app for social-media-focused video editing. Gone with the Air The iPad Air is no more. Long live the iPad. Apple quietly knocked off its iPad Air 2, replacing it with the 9.7-inch iPad with a cheaper price and a faster processor. The iPad now starts at $329, £339 or AU$469 and features an A9 chip, similar to the one used in the iPhone 6S. The iPad Mini 2 is also gone, but the Mini 4 will live on, now offering a 128GB model. You can get your hands on new iPads on March 24. Take a look at how Apple's new iPad stacks up against the tablet competition. Red-y or Not The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are getting a makeover, in vibrant red aluminum. The new color is a part of a fundraiser for the nonprofit Product Red, which fights HIV and AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa. Apple has raised more than $130 million toward that effort since 2006, the company said. The red iPhone will be available March 24. iPhone SE's growth spurt The small iPhone is doubling in size -- of its storage. The 4-inch budget iPhone SE is getting an upgrade on its memory. It will jump from 16GB or 64GB to 32GB or 128GB options. The price remains $399, £379 or AU$679. Clip service Apple launched a new social-oriented video-editing app called Clip, which seeks to be a more mobile-friendly version of iMovie. You will be able to trim footage and add effects, captions and soundtracks to your videos. The videos are square, meaning they're more fit for Instagram or Twitter than your desktop. Clip will work on the iPhone 5S and later models when it's released in April. Watch it Apple Watches are getting new bands, including high-end Hermes models that range from $339 to $689 in the US. New Nike+ and Nike Sport bands will be available for $49. New nylon bands cost $49, and new leather bands go for $149. (See UK prices here and Australian prices here.) The new sport bands come in pebble, azure and camellia. The new nylon bands include, orange, red, berry and midnight blue. The new leather ones include saddle brown, taupe and sapphire.  Just in case iPhone 7 and 7 Plus owners have six new options for phone cases from Apple, which match the colors of new watch bands. The cases come in silicone or leather, starting at $35 for the former and $45 for the latter. These cases are available now on Apple's US website (the UK site is here and the Australian site is here). First published, March 21 at 8:21 a.m. PTUpdate at 9:45 a.m. PT: Adds details on Apple's watch bands and phone cases. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNET Holiday Gift Guide CNET Snap makes a Spectacle of itself CNET Netflix finally lets you download to binge offline CNET CNET View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple's 'mystery device' patent revealed - as a smart door lock for its new spaceship HQ  A 'mystery' patent submitted by Apple last fall is a badge reader for a smart door Pictures published by the FCC reveal its contactless communication technology The doors are expected to be used as part of a Apple's new Apple Park campus which is expected to open in April  By Cecile Borkhataria For Dailymail.com Published: 18:03 EDT, 21 March 2017 | Updated: 18:03 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail 17 shares 4 View comments A 'mystery' patent submitted by Apple last fall has been revealed as a badge reader that attaches to a smart door. The pictures, published by the FCC (Federal Communications Commission), also include a user manual. The door is opened with an employee badge and will most likely be used for its new Apple Park campus which is expected to open in April. Scroll down for video  The door (pictured) is opened with an employee badge and will most likely be used for its new Apple Park campus which is expected to open in April Apple submitted the application for a device with model number A1844 to the FCC last fall.  The company described it as a 'wireless device' at the time - but the details about what it actually was were a mystery.  The patent application stated that the device was low-powered and had near-field communication wireless capability as well as Bluetooth.  Based on the user manual, the device seems to be an employee badge readers for a door for either Apple corporate buildings or retail stores.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Apple unveils limited edition red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus along... Why millennials ALWAYS get lost: Satnavs 'switch off' part... Never get a parking ticket again: Google Maps tells you... Alexa can now bring you chips and beer in two hours: Amazon... Share this article Share 17 shares The patent application stated that the device was low-powered and had near-field communication wireless capability as well as Bluetooth  To operate the door, the employee needs to first present an employee ID card to the reader.  Then, the reader will show if access was granted by changing color to green and emitting a sound, or if access is denied, turn red and emit a different sound. One of the images included was part of a Near Field Communication (NFC) test.  To operate the door, the employee needs to first present an employee ID card to the reader. Then, the reader will show if access was granted by changing color to green and emitting a sound, or if access is denied, turn red and emit a different sound An image of the door included as part of a Near Field Communication (NFC) test. Near Field Communication is a form of contactless communication that enables users to wave a device over another NFC compatible device to send information without needing to physically touch the devices together Near Field Communication is a form of contactless communication that enables users to wave a device over another NFC compatible device to send information without needing to physically touch the devices together.  Although Apple has its own smart-home products such as HomeKit for manufacturers to make products that can work with the iPhone, Apple has not in the past said that it would sell smart locks or their own-designed home products.  An aerial views of the nearly-completed project. Apple Park was commissioned by the late Steve Jobs in 2009, who called it 'the best office building in the world' Architects working on the building say that many of the proportions - such as the curve of a rounded corner - came from Apple's products  The campus' ring-shaped, 2.8 million-square-foot main building is clad entirely in the world's largest panels of curved glass Appearing as a giant saucer, the Silicon Valley Apple Park site near the 280 Highway will be home to 13,000 Apple employees. There will be jogging and cycling trails, with more than a thousand bikes kept on site at all times, which staff can use to make their way around. The Spaceship will have 360-degree curved glass fronted walls and central courtyard as well as a 1,000-seater auditorium, a gym and 300,000 square feet of 'research' space. Apple Campus 2 will additionally have underground parking hidden from view, meaning 80 percent of the site can be covered in trees. The site was previously owned by Hewlett Packard and the majority of the area is currently covered in asphalt. Much of the inside of the futuristic building will also be made of glass with stone-colored walls to add to the building's natural-looking design (pictured). The 175-acre Silicon Valley site near the 280 Highway will house 13,000 staff. Pictured is an artist's impression This shows what will soon be a ‘Caffé Mac’ – a cafeteria housed in a huge atrium. There are 59 skylights along the roof, allowing natural light to come inside, while giant glass doors open to let fresh air in The cafeteria will additionally feature an outside dining and picnic area (pictured). Apple's Campus 2 additionally comes with a fitness center in the northern part of the building. Pictured is an artist's impression KEY FEATURES OF APPLE CAMPUS 2  Appearing as a giant saucer, the Silicon Valley site near the 280 Highway will be home to 13,000 Apple employees. There will be jogging and cycling trails, with more than a thousand bikes kept on site at all times, which staff can use to make their way around. The Spaceship will have 360-degree curved glass fronted walls and central courtyard as well as a 1,000-seater auditorium, a gym and 300,000 square feet of 'research' space. Apple Campus 2 will additionally have underground parking hidden from view, meaning 80 percent of the site can be covered in trees. The site was previously owned by Hewlett Packard and the majority of the area is currently covered in asphalt. Elsewhere underground, the auditorium will be where Apple's CEO Tim Cook will present the companies keynotes ahead of product launches, for example. This auditorium will be covered with a circular glass pavilion that will also be an access point for employees and guests. Natural gas will, primarily, provide the building's power and the local energy grid will only be accessed in emergencies. The glass structure will also be fitted with solar panels. The circular, four-storey building will be around a mile in circumference and a third of a mile wide and was recently described by the San Fransisco Weekly as a 'massive glass doughnut'. The building stays eco-friendly with natural ventilation that works instead of air-conditioning for 70 per cent of the year, low energy LED lighting where natural light doesn't reach, and on-site recycling  Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos Shocking moment terror attacker's car speeds across bridge Dramatic video shows horror of aftermath on Westminster Bridge Terrified public flee as three shots ring out in Parliament Square Commotion outside Parliament as police react after attack Injured people lay stricken on Westminster Bridge after attack Horrifying car crash scene shows victim at Parliament railings 'Go! go!' Police scream orders as Westminster incident begins Police patrol as Parliament is cordoned off after terror attack House suspended: Deputy speaker updates MPs after gunfire heard Injured on Westminster Bridge after terrorist drove car at them 'Serious incident': MPs in Commons told they are in lockdown Silver Jaguar speeds away from parliament with police escort The hero of Westminster: Policeman stabbed to death by... Police scramble to south London tube station as capital... Terrorist on the rampage: Chilling footage shows London... 'My life has completely fallen apart': Husband's grief... How heroic Team GB boxing coach jumped over a fence and... BREAKING NEWS: ISIS claims responsibility for London... Welcome to London: We can say we’re not afraid, light... 'A guy was shouting his wife had jumped into the Thames':... Face of the Westminster attacker: Dramatic moment dying... ‘I tried to save him… he’d lost too much blood’: MP whose... 'You have to be kidding me?!': Donald Trump Jr reacts to... Dramatic videos capture the moment three shots are fired... London on high alert: Police urge public to keep off... Humiliation for Channel 4 as they incorrectly name... Sick ISIS posts celebrates 'blessed London attack' with... 'The Thin Blue Line just got thinner': Tributes pour in... Hero doctors and nurses RAN from nearby hospital to treat... Theresa May was just '50 YARDS' from London terror... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 4 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read US military is working on a secret project to prevent ISIS from launching autonomous 'suicide drones' Would YOU ride one? Strange PodRide e-bike which looks just like a toy car could be hitting our streets Will they ever grow up? Millennials don’t consider themselves adults until they are 30 Never boil water for tea more than once: Expert says you should put it in the MICROWAVE instead for a... 'Baby Boom' to take off this year: Richard Branson-backed mini-Concorde that can fly from London to New York... German scientists switch on the 'world's largest artificial sun' in an attempt to create climate-friendly... Mysterious 'robot' is spotted on top of Elon Musk's SpaceX drone ship in Port Canaveral Robotic hand covered in 'electric skin' harvests energy from the sun and is more sensitive to touch than a... Would YOU try it? Vegetarian burger that 'bleeds' is set to take on the US market as firm opens huge new... Beware! Major flaws in millions of Google Nest security cameras means burglars can switch them off remotely Now THAT'S a bright idea! Japanese firm creates a solar cell with a record-breaking 26% efficiency Can't get enough of your cats? Now you can SMELL like them: Scientists create bizarre 'kitten fur' perfume Indian nuclear power plant is shut down as it contracts 'SMALLPOX' in a bizarre virus outbreak caused by... Now you're making fried eggs wrong! Secret hack reveals how to get them perfectly crispy (and the key is... Ever wondered how your mouth moves to make different sounds? Try this strange voice simulator to find out MORE HEADLINES US military tests 'Star Wars' electromagnetic railgun that fires projectiles at 4,500mph and can penetrate concrete 100 miles away The five maps that will change the way you look at the world: How the continents can change dramatically depending on how they are 'flattened' How Roman farmers deserted the Empire's modern charms for the simple life of the cone-headed Huns Is your data safe? Hackers threaten to wipe 300 million iCloud accounts and iPhones unless Apple pays a ransom Jerusalem tomb of Jesus is at risk of 'catastrophic' collapse despite a £3 million restoration Is your cat getting high? Researchers reveal the THREE other plants that have the same effect on felines as catnip MORE Galaxy S8 pictures leak as Samsung unveils teaser trailer for make or break handset  Stunning new ESA animation reveals the Earth's magnetic 'cocoon' in unprecedented detail Arctic AND Antarctic sea ice hits record wintertime low in climate crisis at the poles Parrots high on drugs are raiding farmers' poppy fields to get their opium fix Can YOU spot the volcano? Stunning night NASA image captures Etna erupting From mermaids and breast feeding mothers to a 'man fairy': The 69 new emoji coming to your phone this year The silent sun: Remarkable image shows a barren solar surface that has been spotless for FIFTEEN days Would YOU ride one? Strange PodRide e-bike which looks just like a toy car could be hitting our streets The British student who outwitted Nasa: 17-year-old spots faulty ISS readings that the space agency had missed MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress  'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flash triggered by Kanye West coming home late The 36-year-old reality star revealed all Kate keeps calm and carries on: Defiant Duchess shrugs off security concerns as she makes official appearance in London hours after terror attack 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson hits back at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez, 24, reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Due date is getting close Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Apparent swipe at Trump EXCLUSIVE: Married with Children star Katey Sagal opens up about 15-year drug addiction, on-and-off affair with 'weird' KISS rocker Gene Simmons  Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele, 30, flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned legs in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie in Los Angeles From mangy mutt to top dog! The incredible rescue of Eric and Lara Trump's pooch Ben who now lives in the lap of luxury  Road to recovery Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency Quick change The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy 'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash She was hit from behind by a vehicle on Monday  Shocking video shows Cash Me Ousside girl scrapping with her mom at their home which police have visited more than 50 times Dr Phil star What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Model behavior? A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display 'I've flashed my tights, my spanx, my knickers!' Adele gives audiences an eyeful as she slumps on stage after a BUG crawls into her shoe during Auckland concert Aging gracefully and with a smile! Faith Hill reveals why she is happy with her wrinkles and just fine with turning 50  'Our son is suffering': Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health problems' Ready for action! Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy outfit on set of Assassination Nation 'I had 90 pages of dialogue in one day': Bold And The Beautiful veteran Katherine Lang reveals behind-the-scenes challenges on the show New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack What do we have here? Justin Bieber's ex Sahara Ray flaunts pert derrière in Daisy Dukes as she STRADDLES Jordan Barrett in bed What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognizable during makeup-free workout EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call 'A true fan must have this air!' The plastic BAG OF AIR from Adele's Adelaide concert posted on Ebay by a fan is now bidding at a whopping $2,000 Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Feline fine: Victoria's Secret beauty Devon Windsor dons leopard print coat as model pal Anne V gets animated at New York Rangers hockey game Low-key love? Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin  Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato takes the plunge in angelic white dress as she is honored at LA gala  The 24-year-old singer recieves gong Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors The former stripper EXCLUSIVE - Ivanka Trump drops the kids at ski school and sneaks off to join husband Jared Kushner for an early morning ski run followed by a romantic stroll  Puppy love! Barefoot Lena Dunham cuddles up with two cute fluffy dogs... and almost has wardrobe malfunction The 30-year-old star snuggled up Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta The Golden Globe-winning Alias actress  How Tinder helps NBA stars play better away: App lets them sleep with women earlier in the night while on the road and erases home team advantage Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami The Vicotira Secret model turned heads Mommy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Real Housewives star  DWTS bull rider Bonner Bolton and pro Sharna Burgess share hug as they set the record straight on THAT moment backstage  They embraced Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends for almost a decade 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Son of Oscar-winning Leaving Las Vegas actor Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in lemon gown as character will be first gay superhero in film Stunned on the red carpet Love is in the air! Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks romance with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Can I negotiate a truce?': DWTS host Tom Bergeron wishes William Shatner a happy 86th birthday with peace treaty between Nick Viall Playful tweet Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Date night! Marc Anthony cozies up to new girlfriend Mariana Downing on red carpet...just one month after finalizing divorce from Shannon De Lima 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with ex-fiance Rob Kardashian Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Flashed a smile 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Revealed on her Bitch Sesh podcast  The first daughter of fashion! Meet the seasoned Hollywood stylist behind Ivanka Trump's glamorous Washington wardrobe She is 35 'I caught him': Vanderpump Rules' Scheana accuses estranged husband Mike of cheating as duo come face-to-face in explosive reunion trailer Jailed Death Row Records founder Suge Knight transported to hospital in LA with 'life-threatening blood clots' The rap mogul is awaiting trial for murder On the move! Jennifer Lawrence pushes her luggage in NYC while bundled up in a leather coat and matching hat The 26-year-old beauty wrapped up warm Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere On the red carpet Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu She just got back from a romantic weekend with the Weeknd Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere She's a mom-of-three  Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks bleary-eyed while smiling wife Hilaria sips on a caffeine fix The 58-year-old actor looked serious Going green! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot The reality star showed off her fantastic figure Her casual wear doesn't come cheap! Makeup-free Dakota Johnson models a $1,000 Gucci sweater while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look The 31-year-old was spotted at the airport  The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Sofia Richie, 18,  steps out for lunch... after fueling romance rumors with Formula One hunk Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each others' selfies 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers his expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he's seen 'drowning his sorrows with vodka'  She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old High School Musical actress  'She endangered Courtney's life being reckless': Ruby Rose reveals the reason she broke up with ex-girlfriend Harley Gusman  Jenna Dewan Tatum showcases her dancer's figure in tiny shorts as she gears up for new series with Jennifer Lopez Out in LA 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens Her special day! Reese Witherspoon wears limited edition Draper James dress made just for her birthday The Big Little Lies star turned 41  Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills This Twilight actress busy running errands Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks tense as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Car trouble 'Thank you for the advice!' Nancy Kerrigan pokes fun at Kristi Yamaguchi after she tells her to 'break a leg' on 'Dancing With The Stars  Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool, England He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit  She stepped out in Los Angeles on Wednesday Why NBA stars rely on PB&J sandwiches to boost energy - and nurture their MENTAL health  What the big names are eating 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery She is 64 They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami The heiress and her younger model boyfriend Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Playing first real boyfriend Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson is set to overtake Jennifer Lawrence as Hollywood's highest paid actress... making $15m from current hit ALONE Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida The singer brought a female fan on stage  Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY She donned shades Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum Zero Dark Thirty actress  'I'm letting her breathe': Todd Fisher says Billie Lourd 'needs to step back' from loss of mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnball wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son into her family this past January Pretty as a petal! Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Mad Men star Michael Shannon is 'top pick' to play Cable in highly anticipated Deadpool 2 opposite Ryan Reynolds It looks like things are finally shaping up for Deadpool 2 'It's tough': Model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet The Australian-born supermodel Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl Birthday suit! As Bella Hadid rocks a flesh colored one-piece, FEMAIL rounds up 18 swimsuits that are as close to naked as you're going to get Perfect casting! Chris Brown to guest star on ABC's Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper The recording artist will play a popular rapper named Rich Youngsta 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Revealing all Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot She's a role model No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA She's always the hostess Scandal on the slopes: Young Ivanka Trump was found hiding out in a boy's hotel room during Aspen family ski trip after Donald reported her missing to police 'I've made mistakes': Terrence Howard reveals his father beat him until he was 14 leading him to hit his first two wives... but his third spouse tamed him 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards 14 years later 'Loving the sun!': RHONJ star Teresa Giudice, 44, is yoga-toned in an exotic bikini as she enjoys holiday after death of her mother Antonia Married at First Sight stars Sonia Granados and Nick Pendergrast announce they're filing for divorce, a year after they said 'I do' as strangers  From OMG to dad bod: Usher hits the beach on vacation with his wife Grace...but without his signature six-pack  Looks like he has eased up on the crunches  Feeling blue? Curtis Stone looks downcast as he walks through LA in a casual denim ensemble Aussie celebrity chef She's falling for him! Vanderpump Rules' Scheana Shay kisses new beau Robert Valletta as they spend the day leaping off waterfalls in Hawaii Ben McKenzie gets caught up in shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  He's normally the one running after criminals 'We are so supportive of each other': Aussie model and actress Jessica Gomes opens up on her relationship with actor Xavier Samuel EXCLUSIVE: Hillary Clinton's Scranton childhood: Family home often flooded, her great uncle was a crooked councilman... and an aunt ran local brothel  'It doesn't feel great': Kristen Bell says she stopped breastfeeding to increase her bust for movie CHIPS... as actress joins husband Dax Shepard at Sirius Effortlessly cute! Lily Collins keeps it cozy in grey cardigan after her daily trip to the gym She had a post-exercise flush as she headed home David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Awesome Con  Fresh-faced Lara Stone flaunts her flawless complexion AFTER working up a sweat in the gym The Dutch model looked fresh-faced Lady in leather! Paris Jackson rocks biker jacket and beanie out and about in New York Decked out in a warm version of her typical boho chic aesthetic Simon Cowell, Naomi Scott and Elizabeth Banks join Power Rangers creator Haim Saban as he receives star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches wedding ring amid claims mom Angela is hoping to mend family feud following split from 'controlling' ex Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  The 30-year-old Glee actress Stop taking vitamins just because celebrities tell you to, doctors urge  Celebrities constantly rave about the health benefits of taking vitamins Dad-to-be Josh Duggar gets special delivery as disgraced reality star is served with summons after stealing man's image and using it for his online dating profiles Teri Hatcher, 52, flaunts her incredibly youthful looks during Paris trip... as she takes well-deserved break from new TV series Supergirl 'I overreacted': Erika Girardi admits she was wrong to blow up at Eileen Davidson during meltdown about her policeman son on RHOBH Smoke break! Emma Roberts puffs on a cigarette with a pal in NYC as she wears a Nasty Women tote on her shoulder 'Y'all males are so simple!' Allison Williams reveals she gets far more attention now she's blonde The 28-year-old Girls star shared her insight  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Alexa can now bring you chips and beer in two hours: Amazon adds Prime shopping to its smart speaker 9 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 8 °C Thursday 23 March, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags Apple Business Insider iPad iPhone watch your spending See other tags Tags Here are the new updates Apple announced this morning Apple just announced a load of new products today. By Business Insider Tuesday 21 Mar 2017, 9:57 PM Tue 9:57 PM 25,142 Views 18 Comments http://jrnl.ie/3299962 Share11 Tweet Email2 'You were given many lies, go with our plan': Trump tweets last ditch pitch to the public for GOP Obamacare replacement The US economy is sounding an alarm that everyone is ignoring 'Trumpcare' faces its make-or-break day These exquisite quilts illustrate the importance of diversification in investing APPLE ANNOUNCED A load of new products today. From iPhones to new iPads, the Californian tech company unveiled updates, refreshes, and accessories for many of its product lines. Apple didn’t hold a media big event to coincide with the announcements either. Instead, it just pre-briefed a few media outlets and dumped the updates on its website. Business Insider rounded up all the key announcements Apple made today: New iPads Source: Apple Apple updated and simplified its iPad line today: Now, you can either get an iPad Mini, the new 9.7-inch iPad, or the iPad Pro in 9.7-inch or 12.9-inch varieties. The new 9.7-inch iPad is actually a bit thicker than the iPad Air 2 – its case is about the size of the original iPad Air – but it has a much cheaper price tag, starting at around €305 for 32GB of storage. That tablet is powered by Apple’s fast A9 chip - the same one that’s in the iPhone 6s – but it lacks the special screen on the iPad Pro, including its True Tone display and wide color display. It also doesn’t come with the iPad Pro’s stereo speakers. Special Edition iPhone 7 (RED) Source: Apple The RED special edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus only comes in the 128GB and 256GB options, not the 64GB option. Apart from the colour change, it’s still the same iPhone 7. With each purchase of an iPhone 7 RED, Apple contributes to the (RED) HIV/AIDS programme. Improvements to the iPhone SE Source: Apple Apple is ditching the 16GB and 64GB models of the iPhone SE, and replacing them with 32GB and 128GB options. The cheapest iPhone SE model still costs €370, while the higher-end version has gone from €415 back to its original price of €460. A new app called Clips Apple’s newest app is called Clips, and it’s a mix of Snapchat and iMovie. It lets you create photos or short videos – or import them from your Photos app – to add special filters and effects before sharing them to your favorite social network. New Apple watches Source: Apple Apple introduced a handful of new Apple Watch bands so customers can further customize their watches. The new options include a new striped woven nylon, Nike Sport, and Apple Watch Hermès bands. New iPhone cases Apple introduced six new colors of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus cases. The new color options for the silicone models include Azure, Camellia, and Pebble. For the leather options, the new colors include Berry, Taupe, and Sapphire. - Rob Price and Antonio Villas-Boas Read: Apple is changing the iPhone’s charging port again Read: How much has Ireland’s Apple tax appeal cost so far? €1.8m and counting Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   Published with permission from: Published with permission from Business Insider Business Insider is a business site with strong financial, media and tech focus. See more articles by Business Insider Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/apple-product-announcement-3299962-Mar2017/?embedpost=3299962&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/apple-product-announcement-3299962-Mar2017/?embedpost=3299962&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/apple-product-announcement-3299962-Mar2017/?embedpost=3299962&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Here are the new updates Apple announced this morning”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Here are the new updates Apple announced this morning”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit COMMENTS (18) This is YOUR comments community. Stay civil, stay constructive, stay on topic. Please familiarise yourself with our comments policy here before taking part. write a comment Leave a commentcancel Log in with: Facebook Twitter Log out Logged in with Share Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Post Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions 'As the UK withdraws economic opportunities will arise. Ireland must aggressively pursue them' Neale Richmond As Chairman of the Seanad Special Select Committee, I will ensure that we will not spend our time analysing the problems Brexit poses, writes Neale Richmond. Tom Clonan: Truth of what happened in Troubles can't be allowed die with major figures like McGuinness Tom Clonan The untimely death of the Sinn Féin politician has brought Ireland’s faltering peace process into sharp focus, writes Tom Clonan. Debate Room: Should the Irish abroad be allowed vote in presidential elections? Various A referendum will be held on whether to allow Irish citizens living abroad vote in future presidential elections. Most Popular Today 1 As it happened: Four people, including police officer, killed in London attack 156,490  112 2 Four dead, around 40 injured: Here's what's known about today's terror attack in London 84,337  120 3 Wreckage of Coast Guard helicopter located off Mayo coast 79,576  14 1 Dublin is now almost as expensive for workers to live in as London 1,366  0 2 '6.6% unemployment - that's my performance': Mary Mitchell O'Connor hits back at critics 617  1 3 A looming construction boom could cause the economy to overheat (again) 238  0 1 Quiz: Before they face Ireland, how well do you remember these Welsh footballers? 21,649  10 2 As It Happened: Dublin v Longford, Donegal v Tyrone - EirGrid U21 football match tracker 21,317  3 3 What team should Ireland pick to start against Wales? 16,544  45 1 Every single mortifying tweet George Hook has ever sent about Pamela Anderson 7,520  7 2 James Blunt has revealed why and how he takes absolutely no sh*t on Twitter 6,068  0 3 The xx and Duran Duran have just been announced for this year's Electric Picnic 6,010  14 Trending Tags PLANNING Travellers left outside Leinster House in the rain as Taoiseach recognises their ethnicity Dublin Airport is getting four new multi-storey office buildings An Bord Pleanála overturning decision for Liffey Valley expansion PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing GARDAí Gardaí arrest two men wanted over attempted murder of police officers in Derry Gardaí recorded almost one million more breath tests than they actually carried out Man arrested after pulling Luas emergency lever causing injury to passengers DUBLIN Firearm and cocaine worth €70,000 seized in Dublin These are the four richest counties in Ireland Large crowds turn out in Derry, Dublin and Belfast to remember Martin McGuinness DERRY Bill Clinton among mourners as Derry prepares for funeral of Martin McGuinness Funeral of Martin McGuinness expected to bring Derry to a standstill 10-man Derry claim big win in Tallaght as Rovers frustrated MARTIN MCGUINNESS 'He goes to his grave having shown no remorse': Criticisms in Stormont on McGuinness's legacy Tom Clonan: Truth of what happened in Troubles can't be allowed die with major figures like McGuinness Some British newspapers had a different perspective on the death of Martin McGuinness ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Here are the new updates Apple announced this morning Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Apple iPad Pro 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone Edition Samsung Galaxy Note 8 HTC 11 Sony Xperia L1   2017 NEWS APPLE CANON FUJIFILM HTC HUAWEI LG NOKIA NIKON OLYMPUS PANASONIC PENTAX SAMSUNG SONY              LetsGoDigital    Digital Cameras    Digital Camera Ratings    New Digital Camera    Digital Camera Reviews    Camera Reviews    Nikon SLR Reviews    Camera Housings    Digital Camera Compare    Photo Gallery    Mobile Phones    Banner Advertising       News 2017     Camera Reviews Mark Peters : March 21th 2017 - 20:23 CET iPhone 2017 Edition RED Apple introduces iPhone 2017 Edition RED 7-Series : A few days ago my colleague posted an article regarding the upcoming iPhone 7 Red. At that time it was not sure when we could expect the official announcement of the iPhone 2017 Edition Red. Today it became world news as Apple officially launched their new iPhone Edition Red series for 2017. The iPhone Edition RED will give customers an unprecedented way to contribute to the Global Fund and bring the world a step closer to an AIDS-free generation. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are the best, most advanced Apple phones ever, packed with unique innovations that improve all the ways iPhone is used every day. Both Apple phones feature the most popular camera application in the world with advanced camera systems that capture breathtaking pictures and record awesome movies. iPhone 2017 Edition RED The iPhone 2017 Edition RED 7-Series comes installed with Apple iOS 10, which brings more expressive and animated ways to communicate in Messages, new ways to use Siri with your favorite applications, redesigned Maps, Photos, Apple Music and News, and the Home app, which lets you simply and securely set up, manage and control your home all in one place. The iPhone 2017 Edition Red is equipped with the best battery ever in an Apple phone, premium stereo speakers and a wide color system from camera to display, all in a water and dust resistant design. The iPhone 2017 Edition RED 7-Series are available in 128GB and 256GB models. The special edition (Product RED) iPhone 2017 model will be available for preorder online and in stores beginning Friday, March 24. Anyone who wants to learn the basics or go further with their new iPhone can register for a free workshop at an Apple Store of your choice. iPhone Edition RED (RED)’s critical work provides access to life-saving HIV and AIDS programs in sub-Saharan Africa, which is home to more than two thirds of the world’s HIV-positive population. One 100% of all money raised by (iPhone RED) goes directly to Global Fund HIV and AIDS grants that provide testing, counseling, treatment and prevention programs with a specific focus on eliminating transmission of the virus from moms to their newborn babies. Since it was founded in 2006, (iPhone RED) has generated more than $465 million for the Global Fund, with more than $130 million from Apple alone. The introduction of this special edition 2017 iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is the biggest Product (RED) offering to date in celebration of Apple's partnership with (RED).    Next  Apple iPad 2017 tablet    Previous  Drone 2017 business at CeBIT    News by brand:Apple    News by category:iPhone    News by brand and category:Apple iPhone Latest Apple announcements 128GB iPhone 7 Red Apple Clips app for iPhone and iPad Apple iPad 2017 tablet iPhone 2017 Edition RED Apple iPhone 7 Red iPhone 7 Plus Retro Edition Apple iPad Pro 2017 tablet Series Apple iPhone Edition 2017 Content transfer service for Apple smartphones Smartphone with professional healthcare functions Apple Developers Conference 2017 details announced Waterproof protection cases for iPhone 7-series Apple leading brand in smartwatches Apple updates professional video editing app Apple TV app for iPhone and iPad   Latest news headlines Google Android O Developer Preview New Honor 8 Pro phone Huawei Honor 8 Lite Oppo F3 Plus phone Samsung Mixed Virtual Reality at Six Flags Apple headquarters opens April 2017 128GB iPhone 7 Red Apple Clips app for iPhone and iPad Apple iPad 2017 tablet iPhone 2017 Edition RED Drone 2017 business at CeBIT LG G6 preorder with free Google Home 2017 CeBIT Innovation Award Drones demo at CeBIT 2017 CeBIT 2017 Augmented Reality in vehicle development       5G Accessories Android Galaxy iPhone Camera Mobile phones Rumors Premium Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets TV   CES CeBIT IFA Photokina PMA  
Apple iPad Pro 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone Edition Samsung Galaxy Note 8 HTC 11 Sony Xperia L1   2017 NEWS APPLE CANON FUJIFILM HTC HUAWEI LG NOKIA NIKON OLYMPUS PANASONIC PENTAX SAMSUNG SONY              LetsGoDigital    Digital Cameras    Digital Camera Ratings    New Digital Camera    Digital Camera Reviews    Camera Reviews    Nikon SLR Reviews    Camera Housings    Digital Camera Compare    Photo Gallery    Mobile Phones    Banner Advertising       News 2017     Camera Reviews Mark Peters : March 21th 2017 - 22:06 CET Apple iPad 2017 tablet New iPad 2017 9.7-inch tablet introduced by Apple : Apple has officially announced their new iPad 2017 tablet featuring a brighter 9.7-inch Retina touch-display and premium hardware components. The 9.7-inch iPad 2017 tablet will be available in two models, one version comes with Wi-Fi and 32GB, with the other model you are able to make phone calls thanks to built-in cellular technology, this one also comes with 32GB storage capacity. The Apple iPad 2017 tablet will be available in a silver, gold and gray finish and will retail at an attractive price. The iPad 2017 models are available for preorder beginning Friday, March 24. Make sure you don’t miss the boat, this tablet might be gone, even before you hit the Apple site. iPad 2017 tablet The iPad 2017 9.7-inch model comes with Apple iOS 10, which brings more expressive and animated ways to communicate with Siri. Apple Touch ID gives iPad users a secure way to unlock the tablet and keep personal information secure at all times. The overall performance has been slightly improved, while the 9.7-inch display has been upgraded for a brighter screen experience. The screen now delivers 3.1 million pixels for a premium presentation of your content. At the moment, the Apple iPad tablet is the world’s most popular mobile device for millions of customers around the world. Apple also announced the iPhone 2017 Edition RED earlier today, showing the world Apple is ready to gain back their lost terrain from the Korean giant.    Next  Apple Clips app for iPhone and iPad    Previous  iPhone 2017 Edition RED    News by brand:Apple    News by category:iPad    News by brand and category:Apple iPad Latest Apple announcements 128GB iPhone 7 Red Apple Clips app for iPhone and iPad Apple iPad 2017 tablet iPhone 2017 Edition RED Apple iPhone 7 Red iPhone 7 Plus Retro Edition Apple iPad Pro 2017 tablet Series Apple iPhone Edition 2017 Content transfer service for Apple smartphones Smartphone with professional healthcare functions Apple Developers Conference 2017 details announced Waterproof protection cases for iPhone 7-series Apple leading brand in smartwatches Apple updates professional video editing app Apple TV app for iPhone and iPad   Latest news headlines Google Android O Developer Preview New Honor 8 Pro phone Huawei Honor 8 Lite Oppo F3 Plus phone Samsung Mixed Virtual Reality at Six Flags Apple headquarters opens April 2017 128GB iPhone 7 Red Apple Clips app for iPhone and iPad Apple iPad 2017 tablet iPhone 2017 Edition RED Drone 2017 business at CeBIT LG G6 preorder with free Google Home 2017 CeBIT Innovation Award Drones demo at CeBIT 2017 CeBIT 2017 Augmented Reality in vehicle development       5G Accessories Android Galaxy iPhone Camera Mobile phones Rumors Premium Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets TV   CES CeBIT IFA Photokina PMA  
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Apple reveals Clips, an app to create fun videos for social networks iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | March 21, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Alongside its new red iPhone 7, new iPad, and new Apple Watch bands, Apple today unleashed a brand new iOS app. Clips is a new app for iPhone and iPad that makes it easy to share creative videos through social networks. With Clips, you can record photos and video or import existing photos and video from your Photo Library, then add filters, speech bubbles, shapes, emoji, and even animated backgrounds. The Clips app also includes “dozens” of soundtracks to give your video some tunes. You can add customized text, too. using the Live Titles feature that’ll let you add animated captions using your voice. Lite Titles supports 36 languages. Once you’re done with your video, you can share it in Apple’s Messages app or send it to social networks like Instagram and Facebook as well as video sites like YouTube and Vimeo. Apple will launch Clips in early April, and the app will be free of charge. It’ll require iOS 10.3 and will be compatible with the iPhone 5s and later as well as the new iPad, all iPad Air and iPad Pro models, the iPad mini 2 and later, and the iPod touch 6th generation. Lots of folks like to share videos on social networks, and while many of those apps include built-in editing tools, some of them are kind of barebones. Apple’s Clips app wants to give you a more powerful editing tool that’s still fun to use and is capable of sending your finished product straight to social networks. Next month we’ll see just how well it does that. Source:  Apple iOS Apps Apple Previous ArticleGoogle News & Weather app will now give you more headlines if you keep scrolling Next ArticleApple launching new Apple Watch bands, iPhone SE with more storage Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Google News & Weather app will now give you more headlines if you keep scrolling New Samsung Galaxy S8 leak shows three color options next to each other Google Maps will let you share your real-time location with friends OnePlus 3T Midnight Black model is limited edition, will go on sale on March 24 View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Gentle TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Apple AirPods Revisited Marco Hanna 4 days 9 hours ago 3 shares 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 BLU Life One X2 Mini Review Beau Hamilton 5 days 20 hours ago 10 shares 9 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 How To Upgrade RAM On Dell XPS 15 9560 Beau Hamilton 1 week 1 day ago 5 shares 1 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LG Watch Style Review Beau Hamilton 1 week 2 days ago 6 shares 1 3 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 20 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 20 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG V20 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 3 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 8 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 10 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 13 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG V20 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T GoPhone unlimited data AT&T announces LG G6 launch AT&T GoPhone launching new AT&T giving DirecTV Now Android 7.0 updates now rolling LG Phoenix 3 coming soon to AT AT&T launching new Unlimited Sprint News Sprint Direct 2 You phone setup Sprint LG G6 launching on April 7 Cell Phone Deals March 2017 Digest Sprint improving Unlimited Freedom Sprint HTC 10 and AT&T LG G5 Sprint giving HD video streaming SoftBank would give up control of T-Mobile News T-Mobile launching the LG G6 on T-Mobile increases T-Mobile will give you a free T-Mobile will once again offer T-Mobile to offer free line of Do you wait for discounts before T-Mobile planning to increase LTE Verizon Wireless Verizon LG G6 arriving on March 30 Verizon LG G6 pre-order and Verizon now offering data-free Android 7.0 updates now rolling Verizon Galaxy S7 and S7 edge Cell Phone Deals March 2017 Digest Verizon offering up to $500 with PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: up to 25% off Amazon devices, iTunes movies under $10,... Let’s Talk iOS 179: Not just a virtual or augmented reality The top stories of the week on iDB The best smart scales   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple’s (PRODUCT)RED contributions have topped $130 million By Christian Zibreg, Mar 21, 2017 Tweet 2 Comments Tucked away as a side-note in today’s press release with which Apple unveiled (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition iPhone 7 is an interesting update: the Cupertino firm’s raised more than $130 million for the RED organization thus far. Apple is the world’s largest corporate donor to (RED). For those not in the know, (RED), spearheaded by U2 frontman Bono, aims to fight preventable and treatable diseases like AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. (RED) also funds programs that help prevent the transmission of HIV from mothers to their unborn babies. “Apple is the world’s largest corporate donor to the Global Fund, contributing more than $130 million as part of its partnership with (RED),” Deborah Dugan, (RED)’s CEO, was quoted as saying in Apple’s press release. The organization raises money by licensing out its brand to partners like Apple, Nike, Starbucks and others in return for a percentage of their sales. In September 2013, it was reported that Apple had raised more than $65 million for (RED) since 2006. In April 2014, Apple’s contributions had topped $70 million. The company had raised $20 million for (RED) during the 2014 holiday season alone. Aside from featuring a vibrant red aluminum finish, the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition have exactly the same features like their regular-edition counterparts. Apple says it released this new iPhone styling in recognition of more than ten years of partnership between it and (RED). The company says this new finish gives customers “an unprecedented way to contribute to the Global Fund and bring the world a step closer to an AIDS-free generation” by helping bring access to life-saving ARV medication to people in sub-Saharan Africa, which is home to more than two thirds of the world’s HIV-positive population. Tim Cook said: Since we began working with (RED) ten years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today’s lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch. You can order your (RED) iPhone online and in stores beginning Friday, March 24. Apple offers other (RED) products year-round, including: Leather Case for iPhone Silicone Case for iPhone Smart Battery Case for iPhone Silicone Case for iPad Smart Cover for iPad Smart Case for iPad Apple Watch Sport Band Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones Beats Pill+ Portable Speaker Check out other (RED)-themed products on Apple’s website. When you purchase any of these products, Apple sends a monetary contribution to the Global Fund, which then uses hundred percent of this money to finance HIV/AIDS programs that help those affected by HIV in Ghana, Lesotho, Rwanda, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Kenya and Zambia. The Global Fund HIV/AIDS grants also provide testing, counseling, treatment and prevention programs with a specific focus on eliminating transmission of the virus from moms to their babies. Since it was founded in 2006, (RED) has generated more than $465 million for the Global Fund—again, with more than $130 million from Apple alone. Some of the special-edition products with a Product (RED) theme that Apple released in years past include the fifth-generation iPod touch, five generations of iPod nano, iPod Shuffle, iTunes Gift Cards, iOS apps, In-App Purchases, iPad Smart Covers and Smart Cases, iPhone 5s leather case, iPhone 7 and more. Especially notable are a one-off Mac Pro computer, shown above, which was auctioned for $977,000 by Sotheby’s (RED) Auction in November 2013 and a unique pair of solid gold Apple EarPods, auctioned for $461,000. Source: Apple Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple unveils iPhone 7/Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple opens Red Cross donations for Louisiana flood relief Google Photos gains faster backup and sharing on low or spotty connections Related Topics Apple, Charity, News, product red MMA Rules Just here waiting for the negative comments, go ahead, go on! zouggar lyes hhhhhhhhhh   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to view the HTML source code of a web page on iOS or Mac How to change the default search scope in Finder MaskMe10 lets you mask notifications based on keywords or specific names This charging cable is like MagSafe for your iPhone Apple acquires powerful automation app Workflow   The latest jailbreak news MaskMe10 lets you mask notifications based on keywords or specific names Home Depot 32-bit jailbreak update released Choose the default email app on your iPhone with MailClientDefault10 NotifyCensored lets you hide notification banner content on a per-app basis This tweak prevents the passcode screen from appearing after every respring iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
More Stations By Location Arizona California Connecticut Florida Georgia Illinois Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Nevada New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Texas Washington Washington, D.C. SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS Sponsored By FacebookTwitterTuneIn Home Blogs Nathan Sybil Tanner Playlist Contests Photos Events Video Apple Simplifies iPad Name, Updates and Lowers Price March 21, 2017 4:50 PM Filed Under: Apple, Apple iPad, Apple iPad Mini 4, Apple Lowers iPad Price, ipad (Photo by Monica Schipper/Getty Images for Who What Wear) If you have been putting off purchasing a tablet, Apple is making an effort to help revitalize tablet sales, by updating it’s iPad Air, and lowering the price! The Apple iPad Air, is now simply called “iPad“, and now offers a brighter display and a $70 price reduction down to $329, according to CBS 11. The tablet market has been on a decline and was down 20% in the last quarter of 2016, compared with the same time the previous year. The Apple iPad $329 model has 32 GB of storage and operates by WiFi. The $459 version includes a cellular connection. Plus, the Apple iPad mini 4 is still available with 128 GB of storage, starting at $399.   Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Listen Live Follow Us On FacebookTwitterTuneInSign Up for Newsletters More From AMP 1037 Play.It Radio.com App Follow Us FacebookTwitterTuneIn Shows Nathan Fast Sybil Summers Tanner Kloven Listen Live Smooth Jazz 103.7 HD2 Home Page Events Music Corporate CBS Radio Public File ©2017 CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP By viewing our video content, you are accepting the terms of our Video Services Policy Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Use EEO Reports Your California Privacy Policy Mobile User Agreement Listen Live Advertise On Our Streams
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile Squarespace   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist iTunes 12.6 ClamXav 2.12.1 Microsoft Office 2016 15.32 Fantastical 2.3.4 PDFpen and PDFpenPro 8.3.3 ChronoSync 4.7.5 1Password 6.6.2 Hazel 4.0.9 Lightroom CC 2015.9 and Lightroom 6.9 ChronoSync 4.7.4     Related Articles iPad Pro Charges Faster with MacBook Adapter and New Cable (27 Apr 16)     Published in TidBITS 1361. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. An Ideal iPad Case for Little Kids Wi-Fi Widget Simplifies Wi-Fi Work in iOS 27 Conferences for Mac and iOS Professionals in 2017 TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 20 March 2017 ExtraBITS for 20 March 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 17 Mar 2017 | Print  | Comment (7) Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices by Julio Ojeda-Zapata In my science-fiction future, batteries in laptop computers, smartphones, tablets, wearables, and other portable gadgets will last for weeks or months. Fretting about running out of juice will seem quaint, like hand-cranking a car to start it. Speaking of which, I want battery-powered flying cars too. For today, though, many who are weary of dead devices resort to third-party power accessories that make charging more convenient and devices less likely to run dry. A dizzying variety of such charging accessories exists, many designed for users of Apple laptops, tablets, phones and watches. I’ve been trying out a number of these, some of which have proven helpful. I give charging accessories bonus points if they can solve two or more power problems – charging my Apple Watch along with my iPhone, say, or being compatible with multiple charging standards like Lightning, USB-C, and Micro-USB. One of the products even brings a dearly departed Apple charging technology back from the dead! Satechi 60W 6-Port Multi-Port USB Desktop Charging Station -- Like many tech geeks, I’m awash in gadgets needing to be charged. A multi-port charging station makes this chore simpler to handle since I don’t have to wrestle with an assortment of individual chargers, each needing its own AC outlet. I’ve used a number of such charging stations over the years, but with the advent of USB-C, I’ve been on the lookout for an updated power station. Satechi’s $29.99 six-port variant has worked out nicely so far. Available in black or white, the charging station sports four USB-A ports and two USB-C ports, permitting me to charge everything from iOS devices and Bluetooth audio accessories to newer Apple notebooks. I have just a few quibbles. Because it lacks rubber feet, the Satechi charging station slides around awkwardly no matter where I place it. In desperation, I resorted to clamping the Satechi in a vertical notebook stand. It’s also a bit big to take on the road. In addition, Satechi’s charging station emits a low-pitched but persistent hum when plugged into a power outlet and switched on; the hum drove me nuts until I pinpointed the source. I’ve since grown used to it, but if you’re sensitive to noise, it might be a deal-breaker. Nomad Ultra Rugged Cable Series -- When grabbing a charging cord for the road, most iOS users take the one that came with their devices. There is no added cost, and Apple’s Lightning cables are thin and coil well. However, they’re also notoriously prone to fraying or otherwise failing prematurely. I’ve been testing a trio of alternatives from Nomad called Ultra Rugged Cables. Other companies sell such cables, but Nomad has added a few nice twists. All of Nomad’s cables are made of extra-thick wire sheathed in Kevlar and braided ballistic nylon. This makes them durable and tangle-resistant (and looks cool) but adds weight and bulk. In addition to a $29.95 Lightning cable, Nomad sells a $39.95 Battery Cable that incorporates a cylindrical battery and a $39.95 Universal Cable that is three charging cables in one: Lightning, Micro-USB, and USB-C. I focused my testing on the latter two cables. The Battery Cable provides roughly one entire iPhone charge when topped off, and itself charges when it’s plugged into a wall charger or computer via its USB-A prong. The battery is not, however, rated for iPad charging. This is why I sometimes saw a Not Charging message when plugging the cable into an iPad Pro, although trickle charging did occur. An iPad will charge just fine with the cable plugged into a power source, though. You may appreciate the fact that the Battery Cable is 1.5 meters (nearly 5 feet) long, as are its siblings. I find it useful for snaking the cable out of my backpack and into my iPhone with length to spare. Or it may seem like an excessive length. To determine how much charging capacity is left in the battery, you press a little button to make an adjacent light turn on. If the light is white, you have between 30 and 100 percent capacity. If it’s orange, you’ve gone below 30 percent and need to recharge soon. Nomad’s Universal Cable pulls off its three-in-one trick by providing a USB-A to Micro-USB cable, and then adding two adapters or “tips,” attached to the cord via rubber strips, that each fit atop the Micro-USB prong to turn it into a Lightning or USB-C prong. This approach works nicely, though wrestling one adapter into place while keeping the other out of the way can be a bit awkward at times. Charging the 2016 MacBook Pro in my home office was a cinch, with the Universal Cable’s USB-C tip jacked into the notebook and its USB-A end plugged into the Satechi charging station. I’ve also used the Universal Cable to charge my iPhone, my iPad, non-Apple smartphones with USB-C ports, and an array of Micro-USB accessories, such as audio headsets. All three Ultra Rugged Cables include sturdy, stretchy, attached silicone ties for keeping the accessories in tight bundles for transport. They partly make up for how bulky the cords are compared to regular cables. BreakSafe Magnetic USB-C Power Cable -- Many people who have upgraded to recent Apple notebooks with USB-C ports have mourned the loss of MagSafe charging. With that beloved technology, charging prongs engaged with corresponding laptop ports magnetically, and readily disengaged if the laptop was unexpectedly yanked. MagSafe prevented an untold number of damaged Macs due to people tripping over cords. USB-C doesn’t work like that, unfortunately. Its charging prongs fit in more deeply and do not pull out as easily, which can be a problem in the aforementioned yanking scenarios. Griffin thinks it has the answer with its $39.99 BreakSafe Magnetic USB-C Cable. This ingenious product consists of a USB-C to USB-C cable with a detachable tip at one end. That’s the end that goes into a laptop’s USB-C port. Then, if the cable is accidentally pulled, it readily detaches from the tip, leaving only that dongle connected. This is, basically, MagSafe with a new name, BreakSafe. I used the BreakSafe cable with the 2016 MacBook Pro, and it performed splendidly. Though clever, the cable’s two piece design isn’t perfect. To replicate MagSafe functionality fully, you have to leave the tip plugged into the laptop at all times, which is clunkier than an integrated MagSafe port and potentially perilous if the tip catches on something and twists enough to damage the port. You could detach the BreakSafe cable and its tip entirely when you are done working and stash the accessory in your bag for transport. But you have to take care that the tip doesn’t accidentally detach from the cable and disappear. That happened to me twice, but I managed to find the tip each time. One other quibble: the BreakSafe cable, like Nomad’s Ultra Rugged Cables, is bulkier and heavier than Apple’s standard USB-C to USB-C cables, which makes for a bit more of a burden while on the go. Logitech Base -- When Apple unveiled its iPad Pro tablet line, it also introduced the Smart Connector. This port, built into one of the iPad’s long edges, is designed to engage with accessories, such as keyboard cases, for power as well as data transfer. After Apple announced the Smart Connector, many expected a flurry of third-party accessories that would tap into this technology. The expected flood has been more of a trickle. Logitech, though, has been on board with a handful of Smart Connector-compatible gadgets. These include a couple of Create keyboard cases along with an iPad Pro charging stand called the Base. The $99.99 Base, which mimics the look and feel of the iMac’s metal base, holds an iPad Pro erect in landscape orientation, at a slight angle, while linking it to power via a Smart Connector at the bottom. The Base accommodates either a 9.7-inch or a 12.9-inch iPad Pro and, we can hope, future iPad Pro variants. It works as a stand for other iPad models too, but obviously without the charging capability. I found the Base handy for charging an iPad Pro while also working on it via a Bluetooth keyboard. The iPad became a cute little desk workstation, though I found the fixed viewing angle less than ideal. The rest of the time, I’ve kept the iPad on the Base alongside my iMac as a secondary display for monitoring email, news, and social-media feeds. The Base itself gets power via a Lightning port in the back. If you have the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, though, you might want to buy a Lightning to USB-C cable along with Apple’s 29-watt USB-C Power Adapter (see “iPad Pro Charges Faster with MacBook Adapter and New Cable,” 27 April 2016). Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack for Apple Watch + iPhone -- I love to travel but hate the clutter that all of the cords and chargers for my tech gear tends to create. Belkin’s $99.99 Valet Charger Power Pack for Apple Watch + iPhone reduces this clutter by building an Apple Watch charging disk onto a portable battery pack. It lets me leave the crazy long Apple Watch charging cord at home and pack just a Lightning cable for my iPhone. Alas, Belkin’s Valet is far from the standard set by P. G. Wodehouse’s Jeeves. It sports only one USB port, so forget about charging more than one device at once. As battery packs go, it’s kind of puny for the money — you can buy a battery pack with two or more ports, fast-charging capability (which the Valet lacks) and greater charging capacity for half the price. Despite these issues, the Valet suits my needs. It’s compact, unlike other massive battery packs in my collection. Even so, it provides three full iPhone charges or eight Apple Watch charges, not that I can imagine the situation where you’d need a week of Apple Watch charges without being able to get to any other form of power. Three More Accessories -- I want to touch briefly on three other gadgets that have proven useful to me in various scenarios. Nomad’s Car Charger With Battery is just that, a device charger that plugs into a car’s accessory port but also incorporates a battery so it can charge your iPhone once, fully, away from the car. Yet the charger is compact, even more so than Belkin’s Valet. The Nomad charger has two ports, USB-A and USB-C – the latter a nod to the rising number of non-Apple phones and accessories with USB-C ports. But you can charge two iPhones if you have a Lightning to USB-C cable for one of them. This works fine in the car, but the battery does not have enough capacity to top off two such devices. If this product strikes your fancy, grab it now since it has disappeared from Nomad’s site but can still be found at resellers such as Amazon for about $50. Nomad also sells a $19.95 NomadPlus for iPhone accessory that adds a small battery to Apple’s regular iPhone charging plug. The Apple charger and Nomad battery fuse together well, with Apple’s white accessory fitting into a square hole in the black Nomad mini-brick. The battery tops up while the Apple charger is plugged into the wall so that users have auxiliary power for their iPhones when they are away from wall outlets. The third and simplest accessory is a $39.99 Belkin dongle called Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar that transforms an iPhone’s single Lightning port into two Lightning ports. It thus allows for uninterrupted charging while using a set of Lightning EarPods for listening to music — or, in my case, as a journalist, for conducting tons of telephone interviews with my hands free for taking notes on a keyboard while not fretting about running low on juice. Go, Go, Power Gadgets -- So many clever charging accessories exist for Apple devices that this article has scarcely scratched the surface. Such an accessory ecosystem is a good example of how Apple’s intentionally sparse product selection can be augmented by third-party purveyors to spectacular effect. You certainly could make do with the charging equipment that Apple provides for its computers and mobile gear – but why would you want to, with so many other accessories that can make your life easier?   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to John Buttolph, Richard Healey, Michael Fessler, and James M. Sharp for their generous support!   Comments about Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Keeping your personal collection of Apple devices charged can be a pain in the posterior, but a host of third-party accessories makes this chore more convenient. Some even solve several charging problems at once. Julio Ojeda-Zapata took a variety of these accessories for a spin. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment David Price   2017-03-18 11:10 Julio -- Thanks for the suggestions. I'd be interested in a follow-on that scratches the surface more deeply. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-03-19 15:59 More stories to come, I'm sure! Reply Tripp Frohlichstein  2017-03-19 14:24 About the first device, you write, "Because it lacks rubber feet, the Satechi charging station slides around awkwardly no matter where I place it. In desperation, I resorted to clamping the Satechi in a vertical notebook stand. It’s also a bit big to take on the road." Try velcro. Works great and is what I use on my bed stand. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-03-19 15:59 Good idea! Reply Bruce Blakely  2017-03-20 15:35 From back in the 30-pin day, my wife has an iPhone charging stand that is also a USB-2 hub (multiple USB ports in base). Still usable with the 30-pin to lightning adapter, but as far as I've been able to tell, no similar device was ever built with lightning built-in (much less USB-3). Reply Dennis B. Swaney  2017-03-20 20:57 I just picked up a 4-port (2 each 1A; 2 each 2A) charger by SyncWire. It puts out a total of 34watts so you can charge 2 devices that require 10w and 2 that only require 5w at the same time. Of course you can instead charge 5w devices using the 10w ports and since you will only be drawing 1amp from all 4 ports this way, you'll only be consuming just over 20watts. I plan on using it during a 30 day trip this summer to charge my iPhone, my iPad, and my Watch each night. I bought it from Amazon https://tinyurl.com/k7nf8rb Reply Jerry  2017-03-21 06:51 The only alternative charging solution of much interest to Apple's own would be a solution to make use of old MagSafe chargers - still waiting for that. (Bought the MagSafe, but has not used it as it is bulky and too easy breaks away since the cable is so stiff, so not much use there either.) Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Keeping your personal collection of Apple devices charged can be a pain in the posterior, but a host of third-party accessories makes this chore more convenient. Some even solve several charging problems at once. Julio Ojeda-Zapata took a variety of these accessories for a spin. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Julio Ojeda-Zapata TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life Apple Is Launching a New Video App That’ll Up Your Social Media Game Share Tweet Apple Is Launching a New Video App That’ll Up Your Social Media Game By Trace William Cowen @tracecowen Mar 21, 2017 Share Tweet Video via Apple Apple stopped short of launching its own social network Tuesday, instead announcing its new Clips app. The app aims to make the process of creating your own Instagram-ready videos less of a hassle by not relying on the traditionally complicated components of editing programs. Users can combine video clips, pics, and even music into shareable video for Messages, Facebook, and the aforementioned Instagram. Image via Apple Related Apple Has a Really Good Reason for Dropping New iPhone 7 Out of Nowhere Chance the Rapper Clarifies His 'Coloring Book' Deal With Apple Music The iPhone 8 Might Have Wireless Charging, According to Reports Apple simultaneously introduced Live Titles, self-described as a "breakthrough feature" that lets iPhone or iPad users make their own animated captions or titles using only their voice in the Clips app. Clips also gives users the ability to apply comic book-style filters, speech bubbles, and full-screen animated posters to make their creations totally unique. Image via Apple For those who love their iPhones to be, like, way bigger with the word Pad in the name instead of Phone, here's what Clips looks like on the iPad: Image via Apple "Clips gives iPhone and iPad users a new way to express themselves through video, and it's incredibly easy to use," Susan Prescott, Apple’s VP of Apps Product Marketing, said in a press release Tuesday. "The effects, filters, and amazing new Live Titles we've designed for Clips let anyone make great-looking, easily sharable videos with just a few taps." Clips will be available on the App Store for $0.00 in April. Tuesday also saw the announcement of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition. The phones are quite red and will be available to order starting Friday. Tags: News, Videos, Apps, Apple, iPhone, Smartphones  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Teens Accused of Shooting 14-Year-Old Because She Snapchatted Them Too Much BY Shawn Setaro 9 hours ago Guy Asks Domino’s to Send Their 'Baddest Bitch' When Ordering Pizza, Gets One Hell of a Surprise BY Jose Martinez 12 hours ago For Some Reason, Durex Condom Brand Is Launching a Jean Line BY Joshua Espinoza 13 hours ago New Jersey Elementary School Held a Mock Slave Auction During Class BY Jose Martinez 14 hours ago Teenage Girl Sexually Assaulted on Facebook Live as At Least 40 People Watched BY Joshua Espinoza 14 hours ago Guy Attacked by Crocodile While Trying to Impress Girl Says It Was Worth It BY Trace Cowen 18 hours ago There Might Be Moles in El Chapo's Defense Team, and the Feds Ain't Having It BY Trace Cowen 19 hours ago Wild Photos of Cliff Collapsing on Comet Makes Space Seem Scary AF #LifeAtComplex: Using Social Media to Finesse Everything BY Complex 20 hours ago Video Shows Mischievous Toddler Trapped Inside Toy Claw Machine U.S. Senator Asks Supreme Court Nominee That '100 Duck-Sized Horses or One Horse-Sized Duck' Question BY Gavin Evans Mar 21, 2017 Apple Is Launching a New Video App That’ll Up Your Social Media Game BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 Donald Trump Just Signed On to Send People to Mars BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 Apple Has a Really Good Reason for Dropping New iPhone 7 Out of Nowhere BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 #LifeAtComplex: 'More Life,' More Tamara BY Complex Mar 21, 2017 Pop Culture Watch Arnold Schwarzenegger Lay Into Trump With His Most Potent Shots Yet BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 Weed Raids Kill More People Than Actual Weed, According to Data BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 Pop Culture Aparna Nancherla 'TAWKS' Anxiety and Depression In Honest Interview BY Lauren Martin Mar 21, 2017 Ivanka Trump Gets an Office in the White House, But We Don't Know What the Hell She's Doing BY Shawn Setaro Mar 20, 2017 Study Reveals How Long Sex Lasts for the Average Couple BY Joshua Espinoza Mar 20, 2017 Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Believe it or not, people are actually leaving Yelp reviews for Super swarm: Here's why hawks are amassing at Calif. state park Pence busters 8 to 10 men reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Less-educated middle-age US whites dying younger than others Uganda at 'breaking point' as South Sudan refugees pour in The Latest: EU security chief sees link with Brussels attack GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors United States blanks Puerto Rico to win WBC title Ex-Cal guard Mathews finds peace at Gonzaga Barry Bonds: ‘Timing is just right’ to rejoin Giants Haley Van Dyke leads Campolindo girls into state final Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Alaska Airlines to drop Virgin America name in 2019 Tech workers fear diversity efforts could be undermined Thousands of AT&T workers strike over work assignments Movie money, butterbeer ice cream, Instagram appointments A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Classic comedies with free beer at the Balboa on Saturday nights The latest from Dear Abby Berkeley Rep announces 2017-18 season Big Sean riding on big ‘Bounce’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Bill Niman sells BN Ranch to Blue Apron Toast doesn't cost $4 in SF anymore ... in some spots, it's way Fieldwork's Vermont Farmhouse Ale sparks feud with state of Hitachino Beer & Wagyu's bar is officially open to the public Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Controversial ‘Girlie Glue’ allows parents to stick St. Patrick's Day in San Francisco through the years: Nobody does Growing algae bloom in Arabian Sea tied to climate change Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Barn transforms riverfront in West Sacramento The Latin-flavored cuisine of Woodland Insider: Good times brewing in Yolo Clarksburg AVA the little wine-growing region that could Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Two Oakland homes for just one dollar—with one very large Former Noe Valley firehouse back on the market—with a Wraparound garden adds to appeal of updated Craftsman in Oakland $25M estate, formerly Bill Graham’s, is Marin’s Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/A-tax-light-Apple-a-porn-free-Google-and-11017993.php A tax-light Apple, a porn-free Google, and borrowed bitcoin Chronicle Staff and News Services Updated 4:55 pm, Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Photo: Apple Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Apple's new red shade for the iPhone. MUST CREDIT: Apple Apple's new red shade for the iPhone. MUST CREDIT: Apple Photo: Apple A tax-light Apple, a porn-free Google, and borrowed bitcoin 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Apple in the red In what passes for innovation in Cupertino these days, Apple announced a new red iPhone Tuesday. But down under, Kiwis are seeing red over what some in New Zealand are calling tax dodging. The New Zealand Herald reported that Apple paid no taxes over the past decade, despite selling nearly $3 billion in phones, tablets and computers in the country. Under a legal arrangement, Apple pays income tax in Australia, not the smaller South Pacific country. “It looks like their tax department is even more innovative than their product designers,” said Green Party co-leader James Shaw. Apple has also come under fire in Europe for its international tax practices. The company says it follows local rules. Betting on bitcoin If a digital currency doesn’t strike you as inherently risky, how about borrowing money to place wagers on its price gyrations? Coinbase is letting customers trade on margin — that is, on borrowed money — in bitcoin as well as Litecoin and Ethereum, two similar currencies, TechCrunch reports. This isn’t for everyone, though: To comply with the Commodity Exchange Act, Coinbase is requiring that individual investors have at least $5 million to invest before they engage in margin trading. See you in court Googlers can now sue their employer if they’re exposed to porn on the job, according to the Information. The company backed down on requiring all 72,000 employees of Google and other Alphabet subsidiaries to waive their right to sue over adult content at the workplace after a lawsuit alleged that the policy violated labor laws. Some Google employees have to view porn in dealing with Web searches, but it’s not clear why engineers working on, say, self-driving cars needed to sign on. Daily Briefing is compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at www.sfgate.com. Twitter: @techchronicle Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TERROR ATTACK IN LONDON IS group claims responsibility for London car,knife attack Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor 5 dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament LATEST NEWS Israeli teen arrested in threats on US Jewish targets Joanne Kyger, trailblazing Beat poet, dies at 82 8 to 10 reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus Man tries to drag girl walking on SF street into car Police: Car break-in in Berkeley uncovers criminal den California Supreme Court to rule on gun law Officials: White House fence jumper caught by shoelaces Sisters say border agent sexually assaulted them The best Hunter Pence signs (and sign tweets) of all time Barry Bonds: ‘Timing is just right’ to rejoin Giants Giants’ Nuñez joins growing injury list United States blanks Puerto Rico to win WBC title Super swarm: Why hawks are amassing at Calif. state park The best spring hikes in the Bay Area Ellen DeGeneres' fab SoCal estate on the market for $45M Presidio Heights mansion finally sells after $1.5M in price cuts Veggie burger that 'bleeds' set to take on US market As the Jewish deli scene fades, Wise Sons grows TODAY'S TOP PICKS People actually leave Yelp reviews for Bay Area roads and tunnels Two Oakland homes for just one dollar—with one big caveat Talbot: We need to support homeless solutions Most Popular 1 Woman, 73, beaten unconscious in attack on BART train 2 Britons are denouncing Donald Trump Jr.'s attack on London's... 3 8 to 10 men reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus 4 Man tries to drag girl walking on SF street into car 5 California may face 'significant risk' from dam 6 Horoscope for Thursday, 3/23/17 by Christopher Renstrom 7 When people leave the Bay Area, where do they go? 8 Car break-in in Berkeley uncovers criminal den, police say 9 Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor 10 'Wheel of Fortune' contestant ridiculed after epic blunder THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Win a custom Xbox Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Hi-Fi & Wireless Audio Portable Audio More Projectors Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / DVRs and Media players News / iTunes adds the movie rental feature it should have had all along iTunes adds the movie rental feature it should have had all along by Chris Smith 21 March 2017 0 shares Read Comments Along with releasing a new 9.7-inch iPad and a fancy new (and charitable) red iPhone 7, Apple also found time to roll out a new version of the iTunes software, on Tuesday. iTunes 12.6 introduces a new feature that makes it possible to rent a flick on one Apple device and watch it across your portfolio of macOS, iOS and tvOS devices. But didn’t this feature already exist, we hear you ask? No, despite Apple being all about the use of tech like AirPlay and iCloud to seamlessly access content between devices, apparently it did not. Regardless, the new feature, dubbed ‘rent once, watch anywhere’, means users can, for example, rent a flick, begin watching it on Apple TV and finish it in bed on the iPad. Related: iPhone 7 colours - which looks best? The feature doesn’t come into proper use yet as it requires iOS 10.3 and tvOS 10.2, both of which are currently in public beta (via 9to5Mac) Given both are likely to be ready for prime time with the next few weeks, it won’t be long before folks overpaying to rent films on iTunes have a little more freedom to watch how they want. Unfortunately, the rather draconian time limits on watching films, after you’ve started them, remain in place. Once you hit that platy button you’ve got 24 hours to watch it, otherwise you’ll have to fork out again. Perhaps today’s update will make it easier for users to complete their rentals within the allotted time. Will today's new iPad release finally compel you to update your old iPad 2? Or is that baby with you until it conks out for good? Share your thoughts below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Apple Apple touts limited edition red iPhones, cheap iPad Published March 21, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print   Apple unveiled new products Tuesday, including a special limited edition red iPhone and a cheaper 9.7-inch iPad. The tech giant launched the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with red aluminum finish as part of its long-standing partnership with the RED anti-AIDS program. Pricing for the red iPhone 7 starts at $749 for a 128GB model; a 256GB version is priced at $849. The limited edition red iPhone 7 Plus is priced at $869 for a 128 GB phone and $969 for a 256GB phone. The new phones will be available Friday. IT LOOKS LIKE THE NEXT IPHONE WILL HAVE AUGMENTED REALITY Apple has not revealed how much money RED will receive from sales of the limited edition phones. However, the company said that it has contributed more than $130 million to RED’s Global Fund since the program started in 2006. The Cupertino, Calif.-based firm also shook up its iPhone SE portfolio Tuesday, offering 32GB and 128GB models, doubling the phone’s current capacities and replacing the 16GN and 64GB models. Pricing for the new iPhone SE starts at $399. Apple is expected to launch its eagerly-anticipated iPhone 8 later this year. FOR THE LATEST TECH FEATURES FOLLOW FOX NEWS TECH ON FACEBOOK The iPhone maker also updated its iPad range Tuesday, unveiling a new cheaper 9.7-inch iPad with Retina display. Pricing for the iPad starts at $329, which is $70 cheaper than the iPad Air 2 that it replaces, according to 9 to 5 Mac. The new iPad will be available Friday. Other announcements from Apple included Clips, a new app for creating videos on iPhones and iPads, and new Watch band offerings. Advertisement TRENDING IN TECH 1 Android O: All the new features in Google's next major update 2 NASA's origami-inspired robot can crouch, crawl, and climb serious inclines 3 Trump's lawyers go after teenager over a cat website that lets users scratch his face 4 Man who lived 700 years ago gets brand-new face 5 Every new movie and TV show coming to Netflix in April See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/how-long-can-the-iphone-sustain-apples-rally-1490125102 Hot Stocks How Long Can the iPhone Sustain Apple’s Rally? Apple shares are up 20% in the last three months, as investors await the next iPhone. But for the stock to work long term, one analyst says Apple needs to diversify its business. By Emily Bary March 21, 2017 3:38 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Apple shares tend to outperform in the months leading up to a new iPhone. Photo: Getty Images It’s all about anticipation when it comes to the iPhone. Apple shares are up 20% in the last three months, with the new phone set to launch later this year. Investors, like Apple fans, tend to get pretty excited in the months leading up to an iPhone launch, thinking about what all the new features could mean. Once the devices come out, though, there’s room for disappointment -- and then it’s on to dreaming about the next new phone a year out. More from Barron’s Next Spring Is Just Days Away, So Where Is Apple’s Big Announcement? Apple: It’s No Longer About the iPhone Here Comes The iPhone ‘Supercycle’ Thus, Apple shares have “strongly outperformed” in the months before an iPhone announcement, according to Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi. And historically they’ve “tread water” following a launch (though this past product cycle was an exception, as the iPhone 7 outperformed modest expectations). But Apple has more than just the iPhone 8 going for it now, Sacconaghi wrote in a research note Tuesday. President Donald Trump could also help. There’s an “increased likelihood” that Trump will make it cheaper for companies to bring overseas cash back to the United States, and Apple, with $230 billion in offshore cash, is poised to benefit from such a policy move. Sacconaghi now thinks Apple shares could hit $160, 14% higher than the stock’s recent $141. The stock was down 0.8% in midday trading Tuesday, after the company announced a number of product upgrades, like a cheaper iPad and a new video-editing service. Eventually, though, Apple investors may tire of the iPhone anticipation game. “We worry that over time iPhone cycles will elongate, pressuring revenues,” Sacconaghi wrote, “and we believe it is difficult to recommend Apple shares over a multi-year horizon.” What might change his mind? He suggests either new products, like a car or an over-the-top television platform, or success in moving iPhone sales to more of a subscription-based model. Big Picture: A fancy new iPhone and new Trump policies could help Apple in the short term. But, one day, Apple investors will want to see more than a perpetual iPhone upgrade cycle. Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Tesla’s Handicap Now Looks Like an Advantage The Key to Jumpstarting Buffalo Wild Wings Tinder Learns Some International Pick Up Lines Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Test Test Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] What iPhone 7 Color to Buy: Red, Black, Jet Black, Gold, Rose Gold or Silver? Josh Smith03/21/2017 What is the best iPhone 7 color to buy? Apple just added a Red iPhone 7 to the mix, after adding two new iPhone 7 colors in fall 2016. This brings the total iPhone 7 colors to six including, Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Jet Black, Black, and Product (Red.) We’ll help you decide which iPhone 7 color option you should buy, and which iPhone 6s and iPhone SE colors you should buy as well. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available in six color options for the first time. Apple still offers the iPhone 6s and iPhone SE in Space Gray, Gold, Rose Gold, and Silver. The new Product RED iPhone 7 is only available in 128GB and 256GB options. The new Red, Black and Jet Black iPhone 7 colors aren’t available on previous models so you’ll need to check them out on an iPhone 7. The other colors you have likely seen, even if you are overdue for an upgrade. Which is the best iPhone 7 color option? While the overall iPhone 7 design looks the same, Apple now hides the antenna lines better on four of the iPhone 7 colors. There are also many upgrades to the iPhone 7 like a new force touch home button, no headphone jack, upgraded speakers and it is water resistant so you might not need a case. In addition to the six iPhone 7 color options, there are two main front iPhone 7 color options. There is no option to customize the iPhone 7 color combinations from Apple, so this front color depends on the main color you choose. iPhone 7 Colors Entertainment If you plan to use the iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus for watching movies and TV shows all the time, the Black and Jet Black iPhone 7 color options are the best options to consider. Jet Black and Black iPhone 7 colors offer a black front bezel that looks great for watching content. These iPhone 7 color options are the only ones with a black front bezel. The black looks a lot like the bezel on your HDTV, which means it creates a nicer looking frame for your content. This allows you to focus on what you are watching more. There is nothing wrong with the white iPhone 7 front color option found on Gold, Rose Gold, nd Silver when it comes to watching a movie for a number of users, but it can still prove somewhat distracting. There is a reason you don’t see white HDTVs. iPhone 7 Colors Style The new Red iPhone 7 color choice stands out. The Jet Black, Rose Gold, and Gold iPhone 7 colors are the most fashionable colors. The new red iPhone 7 is the most stand out choice. If you want an iPhone 7 color that screams, look at me or that confirms you are using the new iPhone, you should choose Jet Black or the Product RED iPhone 7. The Jet Black iPhone 7 includes a black Apple logo to complete the stunning design and the red iPhone 7 includes a standout silver Apple logo. Rose Gold and Jet Black are interesting fashion color choices for the iPhone 7.   Gold and Rose Gold are also a great choice that we see many users pick to use without a case or with a clear case, as it mixes well with a variety of styles and looks. The safest choice is Silver, as it works well with a multitude of colors and looks. The silver Apple logo also reflects the colors you are wearing. iPhone 7 Color Options The iPhone 7 color sample below shows what the new iPhone 7 color options look like next to each other and including the front and back. Here’s your ultimate look at the iPhone 7 color options. We’ve added the red iPhone 7 color below. This also uses the white front like the other fashionable colors. This is something to keep in mind if you are concerned about the color of front of the iPhone. iPhone 7 Colors Scratches While there was a major problem with the black iPhone 5 scratching, this is not much of an issue for the iPhone 6s. If you choose the black iPhone 7, or opt for the tired and true Gold, Silver and Rose Gold, you should be fine. Apple warns that the Jet Black iPhone 7 is more susceptible to scratches. Apple warns that the Jet Black iPhone 7 color scratches easier than other options. Apple cautions, “high-gloss finish of the jet black iPhone 7 is achieved through a precision nine-step anodization and polishing process. Its surface is equally as hard as other anodized Apple products; however, its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use. If you are concerned about this, we suggest you use one of the many cases available to protect your iPhone.” We’ve used the Rose Gold iPhone 6s Plus for a year without any real scratches, and haven’t heard from users complaining about the Gold or Silver option. Space Gray is still a solid choice on the iPhone 6s and iPhone SE. After six months of using the Jet Black iPhone 7 there are some scratches, but fingerprints are the bigger issue. Essentially, there is no best iPhone 7 color to buy that is tougher to scratch, but if you don’t want to see scratches you should avoid the iPhone 7 Jet Black color. The light color of the silver iPhone 7 may still give it a small edge compared to the other colors. iPhone 7 Colors Fading and Wear One other factor to consider as you choose between iPhone 7 colors is how it will handle wear or fading. We have not noticed any fading to the three older iPhone 7 color options as they exist on the iPhone 6s. Gold is still bright, Rose Gold as pink as ever and Silver as shiny as new. This will likely be the case with the iPhone 7 Black and Jet Black options. A gold iPhone color option can show discoloration if not cleaned regularly. One thing that is an issue to consider is wear and discoloration. We observe some discoloration on lighter iPhone 7 color options when users leave them in a case for long periods and expose them to moisture and then heat. This can cause changes to the colors or leave a stain as seen in the image above. If you regularly clean your iPhone 7 this shouldn’t be a problem, but if you like to buy and just use the iPhone without worrying, keep this in mind. iPhone 7 Cases Apple announced a collection of new iPhone 7 cases. If you plan to use the iPhone 7 in a case, you still need to decide what color looks best with that case. You will see a small portion of the iPhone 7 color show through the back and at the bottom of the case. The front iPhone 7 color is also still important. You can see how the Apple iPhone 7 cases look above, but it is also important to factor in the number of clear iPhone 7 cases available like the option from Speck below that lets the iPhone 7 color show through. If you use a clear iPhone 7 case, color is especially important. Which iPhone 7 Color Should I Buy? At the end of the day the best iPhone 7 color to buy is subjective. You have to choose the iPhone 7 color that fits your style and use best. Here is a helpful breakdown in case you are on the edge. Black iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus – You’ll be watching a lot of movies, you don’t like white phone fronts. Jet Black iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus – You want a standout iPhone 7 color, a black front and don’t mind the potential for scratches. Silver iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus – You want the iPhone 7 color that works with any colors and cases available. Gold iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus – You want an iPhone that stands out and you don’t plan on using a case. Rose Gold iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus – You want a fashionable iPhone (that is almost pink) that you will use without a case or with a clear case. Red iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus – You want to support Product RED, you want a standout iPhone 7 color. The most popular iPhone 6 color choice for nearly 40,000 Gotta Be Mobile readers was Space Gray, with 40% of the vote. Silver is in second with 31% and Gold in last place with 28%. The most popular iPhone 6s color choice for over 16,000 Gotta Be Mobile readers was Rose Gold with 5,209 votes. Space Gray was the second most popular option with 5,191 votes. Silver was in third and Gold was the least chosen color. Take Our Poll 28 Best iPhone 7 Cases Speck Presido iPhone 7 Cases   1 / 28 Speck chose to deliver a new line of iPhone 7 cases that look and feel amazing. The new Presidio iPhone 7 cases use upgraded material to deliver better shock protection while arriving in a thinner design.  The Presidio Grip, Inked and Wallet can protect your iPhone 7 from a 10 foot drop while the Presidio Clear, Clear + Glitter and Clear + Print are tested for an 8 foot drop. We already have these iPhone 7 cases on our iPhone and love the look and feel that they offer. $39.95 to $44.95 at Speck   1 / 28 5 Responses 09/11/2015 johnleyo Reply great article :D 05/09/2016 sam Reply Very nice article. I think silver looks better. 05/20/2016 simon Reply You should definitely go with the rose gold option since both men and women are buying this color. You should also get a rose gold case to go with it since they look pretty slick https://goo.gl/RqbEot 09/09/2016 Richard Reply Something about Jet Black exclusivity makes it more appealing although it may not be practical and may be less appealing than the matte Black. It reminds me of Gold when it first came out. 02/19/2017 Yash Nagorey Reply Silver would be the best choice… Brightest after jet black and has a classic look ! 😁 Finally its ur choice …Go ahead get ur favourite colored handset soon.. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year Trending in Apple Best iPhone apps for controlling your HomeKit devices Trending in Apple Drone Diary: The DJI Mavic Pro flies autonomously using the Litchi app March 21 AAPL: 139.84 -1.62 Apple releases iTunes 12.6 with new ‘rent once, watch anywhere’ feature Zac Hall - Mar. 21st 2017 2:03 pm PT @apollozac iTunes View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In addition to new iPhone and iPad updates today, Apple has released iTunes 12.6 with a new feature for movie rental playback. Described as ‘rent once, watch anywhere’, Apple says you can now rent a movie on one device then finish watching it on another device. Sony A6500 Previously, it was possible to rent from iPhone, for example, then be restricted to that device to finish playback. The new ‘watch anywhere’ feature for rentals appears to require iOS 10.3 and tvOS 10.2 however, although iOS is currently in developer and public beta and tvOS is only available in developer beta previews. Both software updates are likely coming soon for all users based on previous beta cycles as well as this iTunes release. Apple still enforces time limits on watching rental movies as detailed here, however, but the new ‘watch anywhere’ function is a nice step forward. iTunes 12.6 is available as a free update through the Mac App Store. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iTunes View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close HONS This photo provided by Apple shows the family of iPads, from left, the iPad mini 4, the new iPad, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 12.9-inch one, along with the Apple Pencil. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Apple cut prices on two iPad models and introduced red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. (Apple via AP) AP Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones By ANICK JESDANUN AP Technology Writer Mar 21, 2017 Updated Mar 21, 2017 HONS This photo provided by Apple shows the family of iPads, from left, the iPad mini 4, the new iPad, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 12.9-inch one, along with the Apple Pencil. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Apple cut prices on two iPad models and introduced red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. (Apple via AP) NEW YORK (AP) — Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn't materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. THE NEW LINEUP The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn't have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday's announcement makes it "even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now — the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind." The processor in the new standard-size iPad, for instance, is akin to what's in the iPhone 6S from 2015. The Mini's processor is even older. DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren't upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. Far from holding a clearance sale, Vela said Apple is merely taking advantage of lower prices for older components. And Apple might be able to preserve higher profit margins by pushing people into a model with four times the storage, or 128 gigabytes; the extra storage costs Apple far less than the extra $100 that model sells for, Vela said. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet announcement by nearly a month, though Samsung's Android-based Galaxy Tab S3 doesn't actually start selling until this Friday, for $600. Vela doesn't consider it a serious threat to Apple. Even though the Tab S3 is more in line with iPad Pros in quality, Vela said people tend to buy Samsung tablets as media-consumption devices, something they can do with the cheaper iPads. Samsung also has two Windows 10 tablets coming. Called the Galaxy Book, the Windows devices are more likely to challenge Microsoft's Surface than iPads. Microsoft is due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. ___ AP Technology Writer Mae Anderson contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business Technology Tablet Computers Personal Computers Computer Hardware Consumer Electronics Latest in section Asian shares up as Wall Street steadies, with eye on US vote Leaders need votes for health bill on eve of House showdown McAuliffe amends coal ash bill to halt pond closure permits 5 Reasons China Is Still Key for Apple, Inc. Sears has "substantial doubt" about its future More on this topic Asian shares up as Wall Street steadies, with eye on US vote Leaders need votes for health bill on eve of House showdown McAuliffe amends coal ash bill to halt pond closure permits 5 Reasons China Is Still Key for Apple, Inc. Look Out NVIDIA, Intel Is Setting Its Sights on the AI Industry Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Babysitter arrested in Hammond infant's death Two men charged in East Chicago gang killing UPDATE: Munster boy hit by school bus in stable condition Roundabout proposed for dangerous Ind. 2 intersection Massive rail car plant to be built in Hegewisch Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Health and Medicine The 40 granolas with the most sugar National News The most dangerous county in every state for car fatalities Basketball March Madness 2017: Who will win the first round? Nylander, Komarov lead Maple Leafs past Blue Jackets 5-2 Thomas scores 25; Celtics stay hot at home with 109-100 win Mirotic scores season-high 28, Bulls beat Pistons 117-95 Westbrook posts 35th triple-double; Thunder roll past 76ers Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Jack & Vernon's Septic Service 3685 E 36th Ave, Lake Station, IN 46405 Ads R & H Remodeling Ads Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty 105 Mulberry Lane, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads Richard P. Busse Attorney at Law 7 Napoleon St., Valparaiso, IN 46383 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers K's Construction & Roofing Inc Start planning your spring home remodeling projects. Call K's Construction & Roofing Today! 219-405-5146 Updated Mar 21, 2017 TLC Plumbing, INC TLC Plumbing proudly services interior/exterior pipes, sump pumps, water heaters, sewers, and more! Updated Mar 16, 2017 Be Your Very Best by Diana Govert Are you looking for a new direction? Call our life coaches at Be Your Very Best! (219) 663-3900 Updated Mar 16, 2017 Midwest Landscape Specialists Book A Patio With Midwest Landscape Specialists, Get A FREE Fire Pit! Updated Mar 16, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Technology Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News March 22 2017 Save Print Apple fans red with excitement over surprise new iPhone, iPad releases Richard Mcleish 15 reading now Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Apple fans were jolted out of bed this morning when the tech giant dropped a crimson-shade filter over the technology world with the unexpected announcement of iPhone, iPad, app and accessory releases. Available in both 128GB and 256GB configurations, the special edition iPhone 7 (RED) is basically the same iPhone 7 but with a striking new red skin and an altruistic bent, with each purchase helping support HIV/AIDS prevention and research. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next US to ban electronic devices on many flights Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:03 More Digital Life Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:32 Apple unveils new iPad and RED iPhone Apple unveils new iPad and RED iPhone The company showed off its new iPad, an updated iPhone SE, and a very special edition of the iPhone 7. Up Next US to ban electronic devices on many flights Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:03 Video duration 01:03 US to ban electronic devices on many ... US to ban electronic devices on many flights The White House confirms new restrictions on electronic devices carried by travelers to the US from 10 airports in response to unspecified terror threats. Up Next New ways to play your video games Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:11 Video duration 02:11 New ways to play your video games New ways to play your video games From a zombie crawler to a sandbox, new innovative video game controllers were on display at the annual Game Developers Conference in San Francisco. Up Next Trudeau shows geek side Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:20 Video duration 01:20 Trudeau shows geek side Trudeau shows geek side A video has gone viral of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau showing off his geek side by nailing a reporter's question about quantum computing. Up Next DIY air con tested Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:49 Video duration 01:49 DIY air con tested DIY air con tested Can this Internet inspired, no budget air cooler beat the heat and save you on power bills? Up Next Tech giants battle Trump's immigration ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Tech giants battle Trump's immigration ban Tech giants battle Trump's immigration ban Top technology companies, including Apple, Google, and Microsoft are banding together and have filed a legal brief opposing US President Donald Trump's immigration ban. Up Next Pokemon GO's staggering profit Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:49 Video duration 00:49 Pokemon GO's staggering profit Pokemon GO's staggering profit Reaching a level of success in 2016 that eluded some of the most traditional video games and Hollywood blockbuster films. More videos Apple unveils new iPad and RED iPhone The company showed off its new iPad, an updated iPhone SE, and a very special edition of the iPhone 7. The iPhone 7 with a 4.7-inch display will retail from $1229, while the iPhone 7 Plus with a 5.5-inches of screen starts from $1419. The iPad range has been consolidated, with an iPad Mini (4), a 9.7-inch iPad or iPad pro versions at 9.7- or 12.9-inches now on offer. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The red iPhone 7 will go on sale in Australia on March 25.  The mid-spec new model is similar in size to the original iPad air but carries a more accessible price point of $469 for 32GB, or $599 for 128GB. The less-frills iPhone SE line is replacing the 16GB and 64GB with 32GB and 128GB options, while maintaining its starting price of $679. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The iPad range has been consolidated.  Other announcements include new Apple Watch bands in various guises and brands, as well as iPhone 7 cases. Breaking with their regular product announcement protocol, Apple quietly dropped the news on its website and spoke to only a handful of media outlets. Orders will start being accepted at 2.01am AEDT on Saturday. 2 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia New Emojis To Be Released For Your Text ... Contains: External link Entrepreneurs Are The New Rockstars Contains: External link Most Popular How the sawfish uses its remarkable weapon New Apple iPad, iPhone: to buy or not to buy? Shut up, the footy's on the internet (with apologies to TISM) Facebook can't have it both ways, Germans say Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology New Apple iPad, iPhone: to buy or not to buy? Shut up, the footy's on the internet (with apologies to TISM) Apple fans red with excitement over surprise new iPhone, iPad releases Facebook can't have it both ways, Germans say How the sawfish uses its remarkable weapon The Age Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Man looking at 'dead bodies' causes Flinders Street security scare Wall Street Journal rips into Donald Trump over false news London attack: What we know and what we don't know Bourke St armed man an ex-VFL player sacked from previous security job The Sydney Morning Herald Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Wall Street Journal rips into Donald Trump over false news 'I just cried and cried': Terminally ill man has Centrelink payments cut for interview no-show 'A state of the purest despair': Anton's cancer fight Trump jnr criticised for misquoting London mayor over terrorism remark Brisbane Times Property-owner fined $1m for clearing 350 hectares Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Trump jnr criticised for misquoting London mayor over terrorism remark 'Extremely violent' Sydney gang emerges in Gold Coast Worker crushed to death when truck cab tips on him Canberra Times Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Trump jnr criticised for misquoting London mayor over terrorism remark 'I just cried and cried': Terminally ill man has Centrelink payments cut for interview no-show Moving APS is core business, and there will be more: Joyce Turnbull minister invokes penalty rates to defend travel allowance WA Today Shocked Yallingup swimmers flee water after Salmon bleeding sparks shark frenzy Death toll rises in terror attack at UK Parliament Seven years ago today: The storm we will never forget Exmouth fishers left massive tiger shark to slow death, locals allege WA mining downturn adds to statewide mortgage stress Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps days left to vote Let your voice be heard. Vote now for your favorite bars, restaurants, and more in Hoopla's 2017 Top Shelf Awards. Vote Here Now Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Zach Bohannon fulfills promise to brother Jordan Plans unveiled for new Riverside Roundhouse in Cedar Rapids Still no college decision for Iowa City West’s Devontae Lane Iowa Senate rejects traffic camera ban Iowa Senate toughens anti-texting law Thursday Morning Read: No traffic camera ban, still a ‘Survivor,’ Roundhouse return? Firefighters save cat from burning Cedar Rapids home Still no college decision for Iowa City West’s Devontae Lane Iowa Senate rejects traffic camera ban Iowa Politics Today: Stricter penalties for failing to return rented equipment? Apple announces a new iPad, iPhones RED versions' revenue help combat AIDS, TB, malaria Video Photo Apple The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT) RED special edition notes 10 years of Apple’s partnership with (RED). By Los Angeles Times Mar 21, 2017 at 3:43 pm | Print View Apple Inc. announced a new, cheaper iPad and RED versions of its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Tuesday. All three products will be available to order online and in stores beginning Friday, it said. Apple’s new iPad boasts a 9.7-inch Retina display, a more powerful (A9) computer chip and a 10-hour battery life. The starting price for a 32-gigabyte model with Wi-Fi is $329, down from $399. An option with cellular service is available for $459. The new iPad may be part of the Cupertino, Calif., tech giant’s gambit to resurrect tablet sales. At 22 percent market share, Apple still is the largest player in the tablet game, according to International Data Corp. However, the tablet market has been shrinking, with shipments declining 15.6 percent in 2016 from 2015. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT) RED special edition, with a bright red matte finish, mark 10 years of Apple’s partnership with (RED), a branding campaign that works to raise money and awareness about HIV and AIDS. “The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (PRODUCT) RED offering to date,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a news release. “We can’t wait to get it into customers’ hands.” Brands partner to create (RED) products and pledge a percentage of sales revenue directly to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, a public-private financing body that supports prevention, treatment and care of these diseases in more than 100 countries. The Global Fund spends 100 percent of revenue from (RED) products on HIV-AIDS programs. The red iPhones are a special edition of Apple’s existing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The regular iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch screen; its lowest-priced option has 32 gigabytes of memory and costs $649. The lowest-priced red version has 128 gigabytes and costs $749. Your next Nation & World articles Gorsuch hearings Day 3: Supreme Court pi ... Starbucks to launch its new lunch menu At least four dead in possible 'terroris ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home Industry Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. By: Associated Press | Published: March 22, 2017 2:45 AM Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. (Reuters) Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn’t materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. THE NEW LINEUP The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price.The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn’t have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday’s announcement makes it ”even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now – the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind.” The processor in the new standard-size iPad, for instance, is akin to what’s in the iPhone 6S from 2015. The Mini’s processor is even older. DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren’t upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. Far from holding a clearance sale, Vela said Apple is merely taking advantage of lower prices for older components. And Apple might be able to preserve higher profit margins by pushing people into a model with four times the storage, or 128 gigabytes; the extra storage costs Apple far less than the extra $100 that model sells for, Vela said. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet announcement by nearly a month, though Samsung’s Android-based Galaxy Tab S3 doesn’t actually start selling until this Friday, for $600. Vela doesn’t consider it a serious threat to Apple. Even though the Tab S3 is more in line with iPad Pros in quality, Vela said people tend to buy Samsung tablets as media-consumption devices, something they can do with the cheaper iPads. Samsung also has two Windows 10 tablets coming. Called the Galaxy Book, the Windows devices are more likely to challenge Microsoft’s Surface than iPads. Microsoft is due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now IPL 2017: Royal Challengers Bangalore complete squad, key players and list of matches Request for extradition of Vijay Mallya, 9 others pending with UK: Govt Indian Air Force to participate in air combat exercise in Israel IPL 2017: After JP Duminy, Delhi Daredevils may not get Quinton De Kock's services as well SC asks states to upload information on mid-day meal scheme on website Narayan Rane rubbishes rumors of quitting Congress Pakistan has to vacate PoK, Gilgit-Baltistan: Union Minister Jitendra Singh Lawyers' strike affects work in district courts Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover spat: Raju Srivastava to lend his magic touch on a permanent basis? MCD Polls 2017: Delhi HC disposes pleas seeking delimitation of wards No proposal to enhance quota percentage: Thaawar Chand Gehlot Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News यूपी पुलिस की एंटी रोमियो स्क्‍वैड की हरकतों पर धारा 499 के तहत सीएम आदित्‍य नाथ पर बन सकता है मानहानि का केस कर्मचारी को चप्‍पल से पीटने वाले शिव सेना सांसद के खिलाफ एयर इंडिया ने कराई FIR, स्‍टाफ बोला- देश को भगवान बचाए नवजोत सिंह सिद्धू ने कहा-घर चलाने के लिए मेरा टीवी पर आना जरुरी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 22, 2017-Wednesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india elections 2017 world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Apple launches new $329 9.7-inch iPad, replaces iPad Air 2 Updated: Mar 22, 2017 01:42 IST Anirban Ghoshal Hindustan Times, New Delhi The new iPad will be available in three colours with 32 GB storage, an Apple A9 chip and a 9.7-inch Retina display which is relatively brighter than the old series. (Reuters Photo) Cupertino-based technology giant Apple on Tuesday lauched a cheaper 9.7-inch iPad for $329 replacing the old iPad Air 2 that will go on sale this Friday. The new iPad will be available in three colours with 32 GB storage, an Apple A9 chip and a 9.7-inch Retina display which is relatively brighter than the old series. However, the new cheaper iPad will not support Apple Pencil or include a Smart Connector like the ‘iPad Pro’ line. Apple has also increased the storage capacity on iPad mini. In a statement, Apple SVP Phil Schiller said that the new iPad will appeal to new users and old iPad owners, looking for a new tablet to use at home, school or at work. According to the company, the new iPad is $70 cheaper than the iPad Air 2, which is no longer on sale. The new iPad has an A9 chip whereas the iPad Air 2 had an A8X;. Unfortunately, the new iPad is about 20% thicker than the iPad Air 2 which is a little disappointing. “iPad is the world’s most popular tablet. Customers love the large, 9.7-inch display for everything from watching TV and movies, to surfing the web, making FaceTime calls, and enjoying photos, and now it is even more affordable,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “New customers and anyone looking to upgrade will love this new iPad for use at home, in school, and for work, with its gorgeous Retina display, our powerful A9 chip, and access to the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for it.” The new iPad includes FaceTime cameras on front and rear, Touch ID for unlock and Apple SIM in cellular models. The iPad is available in silver, gold and space gray color options. The 32 GB WiFi model costs $329 whereas the 32 GB WiFi + Cellular model costs $459. The iPad will start arriving next week in Apple retail stores, select carriers and Apple authorized resellers in more than 20 countries. As well as a price cut to the 9.7-inch iPad, not to be confused with the iPad Pro line, Apple has also upped the storage capacities available for iPad mini. For $399, the iPad mini WiFi is now available with 128 GB storage ($529 for 128 GB with cellular). tags Apple iPad iPad Air 2 iPhone more from ‘Matter of time’ before IS leader Baghdadi killed says US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Mar 22, 2017 23:23 IST Noida MLA inaugurates primary health centre Mar 22, 2017 23:22 IST Saving the world– one drop at a time Partnered Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs AICTE move: Engg courses to undergo syllabi revision for meeting industry needs Mar 22, 2017 22:35 IST Recover Rs 100-crore fine from Jayalalithaa’s estate: Karnataka govt tells SC Mar 22, 2017 22:30 IST Aadhaar may become only identity card in future, to help curb tax fraud: Jaitley Mar 22, 2017 22:12 IST Jammu and Kashmir: Polling for six state legislative council seats on April 17 Mar 22, 2017 21:46 IST RJD gives ‘Bihar Diwas’ function a miss, sends tongues wagging Mar 22, 2017 23:20 IST Brave mom pounces on leopard to save son in north Mumbai Mar 22, 2017 21:32 IST Finance Bill amendments: What the key changes mean for us Mar 22, 2017 21:18 IST uttar pradesh punjab goa uttarakhand manipur know your candidates Congress motion on governor’s role in inviting BJP to form Goa govt ‘admitted’ in RS Mar 22, 2017 14:22 IST In Rajya Sabha, Mayawati dares BJP to hold assembly elections using ballot pape... Mar 21, 2017 14:01 IST Aditya Nath’s breakfast platter includes papaya, whey, boiled grams Mar 21, 2017 10:07 IST UP chief minister Adityanath: A Hindutva leader, ‘green’ saint and animal lover Mar 21, 2017 12:47 IST Aditya Nath may visit Delhi today as focus shifts to UP portfolio distribution Mar 21, 2017 09:42 IST ‘Matter of time’ before IS leader Baghdadi killed says US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Mar 22, 2017 23:23 IST UK Parliament attack: Guy with big knife started plunging it into policeman, says... Mar 22, 2017 23:14 IST In pics: Chaos outside UK Parliament after a cop stabbed; assailant shot dead Mar 22, 2017 22:20 IST Laptop ban on flights to UK to be implemented by March 25 Mar 22, 2017 21:51 IST 3-year-old girl steals Pope Francis’ cap and sends world into tizzy Mar 22, 2017 21:47 IST Sikhism to be included in census forms: Pakistan court Mar 22, 2017 21:43 IST Policeman stabbed, assailant shot at UK parliament: Here’s what we know so far Mar 22, 2017 22:21 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Noida MLA inaugurates primary health centre Mar 22, 2017 23:22 IST Noida: District admin to ban paan masala in govt offices Mar 22, 2017 23:11 IST BMC to take another three years for waste-to-energy plant at Deonar dumping gro... Mar 22, 2017 23:07 IST Noida police books man for rape threat to TV anchor on Facebook Mar 22, 2017 23:07 IST Speeding vehicle falls off flyover, no one injured Mar 22, 2017 23:18 IST Gandhi handicraft mela begins in Noida Sector 136 Mar 22, 2017 22:57 IST Trombay violence: Senior inspector who ‘failed to control mob’ transferred Mar 22, 2017 22:54 IST CM Yogi effect: Noida to install biometric machines at its offices to check lat... Mar 22, 2017 22:54 IST CM Yogi keeps pre-poll promise: Anti-Romeo squads start functioning in Ghaziabad Mar 22, 2017 22:53 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Ganga and Yamuna are ‘living entities’ order puts onus for clean-up on Centre Mar 22, 2017 15:49 IST Regular physical and mental evaluations will save lives in BSF Mar 22, 2017 13:41 IST Why Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath’s temple promise will be hard to deliver soon... Mar 22, 2017 19:00 IST A weak Left has lost space to leaders like Modi, Trump, Netanyahu and May Mar 22, 2017 14:15 IST Yogi Adityanath has cross-caste support, judge him on performance, not his past Mar 22, 2017 12:58 IST Now Virat Kohli gets targeted by Cricket Australia chief James Sutherland Mar 22, 2017 22:59 IST Won’t sacrifice India’s riches in world cricket, vow BCCI administrators Mar 22, 2017 22:23 IST Saurashtra sought IPL funds despite having more than Rs. 250 crore in bank: COA Mar 22, 2017 19:51 IST Why are Virat Kohli, MS Dhoni laughing all the way to the bank? Mar 22, 2017 23:05 IST Michael Clarke says Australian reporters trying to tarnish Virat Kohli’s image Mar 22, 2017 19:00 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Now Virat Kohli gets targeted by Cricket Australia chief James Sutherland Mar 22, 2017 22:59 IST Won’t sacrifice India’s riches in world cricket, vow BCCI administrators Mar 22, 2017 22:23 IST Mukesh Kumar soars to lead in Kolkata Classic; SSP Chawrasia up to tied fourth Mar 22, 2017 20:59 IST Sunil Chhetri, Jeje Lalpekhlua, Sandesh Jhinghan strike as India beat Cambodia Mar 22, 2017 20:34 IST Saurashtra sought IPL funds despite having more than Rs. 250 crore in bank: COA Mar 22, 2017 19:51 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Nach Baliye 8: Do you know how much the celebrity couples are getting paid? Mar 22, 2017 21:29 IST If I don’t charge my wife, how will I put rocks on her fingers: Akshay Kumar Mar 22, 2017 21:26 IST Priyanka Chopra’s Quantico is going to talk about Trump, immigration policies Mar 22, 2017 20:19 IST A new Baywatch trailer is here! Priyanka Chopra finally gets a line of dialogue Mar 22, 2017 20:22 IST A Fast and Furious cast member opens up about his relationship with Paul Walker Mar 22, 2017 19:44 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Mending hearts: Six ways to comfort your best friend after her break up Mar 22, 2017 20:01 IST Why don’t women make the first move? Here’s what experts have to say Mar 22, 2017 19:32 IST Forget resting, ‘nesting’ is the way to go about unwinding these days Mar 22, 2017 19:31 IST Contraceptive pill protects women against cancer for 35 years: Study Mar 22, 2017 18:36 IST A cultural coupe of Indian classical dance performances for Gurgaon Mar 22, 2017 17:26 IST Samsung Pay launched in India: Here’s how it works Mar 22, 2017 15:35 IST Samsung S8 effect? Apple cuts prices on iPhone SE, iPad, launches RED iPhone 7 &... Mar 22, 2017 11:44 IST Lava may launch mid-segment camera phone today Mar 22, 2017 10:14 IST Samsung Pay to launch in India today: All you need to know Mar 22, 2017 11:31 IST Twitter, Google, Facebook take steps to clean up net Mar 22, 2017 19:45 IST iPhone goes red: Apple launches limited edition 7 and 7 Plus model in new colour Mar 21, 2017 23:05 IST Gionee to double marketing budget to Rs 750 cr next fiscal Mar 21, 2017 18:13 IST CBSE Class 12 Boards: Here’s how you target 95% in accountancy Mar 22, 2017 19:46 IST UPSC exams: No proposal to introduce yoga as optional subject, says minister Mar 22, 2017 19:42 IST CBSE to come up with accreditation framework for schools Mar 22, 2017 18:47 IST Kendriya Vidyalaya admissions 2017: List for Class 1 to be released today Mar 22, 2017 17:33 IST UGC directs varsities to include photograph, Aadhar in degrees Mar 22, 2017 17:05 IST World Water Day: Delhi’s ignored water bodies Mar 22, 2017 17:17 IST With skulls of dead farmers, TN farmers protest at Jantar Mantar Mar 22, 2017 10:15 IST Revisiting Delhi’s Kathputli Colony on World Puppetry Day Mar 21, 2017 18:08 IST A shot at being cops Mar 20, 2017 23:21 IST In pictures | Flowers in full bloom in Punjab’s fields Mar 20, 2017 20:09 IST Doctors strike: Resume work or face consequences, says State Medical Education Minister Mar 22, 2017 18:45 IST Teacher helps students to cheat in board exams in Haryana Mar 22, 2017 17:29 IST Hundreds of decorated donkeys up for sale at ‘Gardhabh Mela’ Mar 22, 2017 16:56 IST Bizarre: Man in women’s inner wear steals lingerie from girls hostel Mar 22, 2017 13:11 IST Ramnagar: Leopard trapped in barbed wires for 7 hours before rescue Mar 22, 2017 11:17 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 125k 87k 202k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact LG at MWC 2017 LG G6 hands-on - - - Apple is welcoming Spring with a new cheerful selection of Watch bands Post your comment Comments (3) Victor 21 March 2017 Apple Smart wearables It seems Apple is having a very busy announcement day today - a red iPhone 7 and a new iPad. And it's not even done - there is something new for Apple Watch fans get a whole bunch of fresh new bands. Neither a handset or a tablet really fall into the impulse-purchase category in our book, but we can definitely see some bands move the next few days on the merit of pretty colors alone. And don't get us wrong, we are all for shaking things up, especially now that Spring is here, which in most places means more opportunities to leave the heavy coats at home and take your wearable out for a run. This must have been Apple's vision as well, since most new band colors seem to be cheerful, more colorful - a perfect fit for the Spring spirit. The selection is quite generous. You can pretty much find something new in every band category, going from Sport through leather for the more official occasions to the Hermes variety for the fasionistas. Only the Stainless Steel selection seems to be unchanged. But then again, its formal styling doesn't really leave room for too much experimentation. The new Orange, Berry, Red and Pollen Woven Nylon bands definitely got some interested gazes at the office. Source | Via Related articles Apple iPhone 7 (Product) Red - a special edition color with a good heart Apple announces new 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $329 Apple doubles the iPhone SE storage to 32GB/128GB Smartwatch shipments up 1% in 2016, Apple Watch with a strong lead Reader comments 24K P@YW 21 Mar 2017 Coolness level 9999999 Reply Claudiu.Lucian LaA2 21 Mar 2017 Very beautiful bands, especially the leather "buckle" ones... But 150$? They are crazy?... This is the price of some last-gen Android Wear watches Reply B for Bed Laffin UD{0 21 Mar 2017 The Woven nylon watches look very Stlylish Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 3 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 138,905 2. Oppo F3 Plus 90,309 3. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 82,579 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 75,817 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 69,287 6. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 59,161 7. Samsung Galaxy S8 54,537 8. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 46,155 9. OnePlus 3T 45,970 10. Oppo F1s 43,961 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,056 2. OnePlus 3 1,650 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,626 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,586 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,466 6. HTC 10 1,398 7. LG G5 1,191 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,181 9. Xiaomi Mi Mix 803 10. LG V10 796 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
THU, MAR 23, 2017 | -9 °C Sunny Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 1 hour ago Border agent took two sisters aside and sexually molested them, lawsuit claims The Guatemalan sisters had managed to reach the Texas border by bus last... Latest News SEE MORE Men with knives rob Kitchener convenience store Car clocked at 2.5 times limit: police Police arrest four in Guelph, drug bust, seize synthetic marijuana, crack Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 14 hours ago Liberals pledge $11.2B to affordable housing Liberal budget details $11.2B in affordable housing, plus push for private... Latest Business News SEE MORE Cause unknown for B.C. oyster farm illness Budget offers modern workforce blueprint Budget 2017: get ready for a changing world Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 55 minutes ago More speed, but will Formula One be more of the same? More speed, but will Formula One be more of the same? Latest Sports News SEE MORE Croatia PM appeals for no hooliganism at Ukraine game US routs Puerto Rico 8-0 to win WBC behind dominant Stroman In national team, Pique and Ramos back to being friends Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 15 minutes ago Netflix/Marvel's 'Iron Fist' epic fail, say viewers, critics If your web connection seems sluggish while you're watching "Iron Fist,"... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Cara Santana explains Jesse Metcalfe sex ban Scarlett Johansson wants her daughter to always see an 'independent woman' Demi Lovato's 'life depends' on staying sober Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 9 hours ago March 23 editorial cartoon Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Twitter and Fake News. Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Mar 22, 2017 NADLER: It’s true: pigs can’t fly Nell Spies sits on an immaculate blue heather couch, feet tucked under her,... Latest Stories SEE MORE Academics look for logic in this post-truth era I am a Canadian- Newspapers In Education Serial Story Researchers raise wasps to kill emerald ash borer Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 9 hours ago Doulas deliver support It was 5:30 on a brisk winter’s morning when Lyndsay Gabriel awoke to the... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Butterbeer ice cream hitting shelves for Harry Potter fans Thursday, March 23: Your daily horoscope Dear Ellie: Readers say run, don’t walk, from liar Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 56% at Gino's Pizza discount: 56% | value: $22.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 8 Days 3 Essential Elements That Keep Your Home Warm All Winter Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 56% at Gino's Pizza discount: 56% | value: $22.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 8 Days Fighting cancer is near and dear to the Cambridge Insurance Brokers team Home News Business Apple cuts prices on some iPads, goes with red... | Mar 21, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Apple cuts prices on some iPads, goes with red phones New iPad Handout,TNS The new iPad is seen in this promotional photo. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Anick Jesdanun NEW YORK — Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn't materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 per cent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but the display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn't have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014. Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. The Associated Press | Latest News Local Kitchener ‘monster’ loses parole bid Snapshot Canada Feds see slimmer deficits in budget that makes ‘big bets’ on high-growth sectors Snapshot Local Joseph dropped in Schneider Haus rebrand Snapshot Local In wake of suicides, Waterloo universities focus on student wellness The University of Waterloo says it has reached out to students in one of its residence buildings to... Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News St. Patrick's Day on Ezra Avenue News Shooting ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Grammy Awards red carpet Video Re-Enactment Video The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Student dies in residence at University of Waterloo 14-year-old girl put into prostitution at Kitchener hotel, court told Kitchener moves ahead with shopping cart bylaw St. Catharines homicide suspect Justin Kuijer arrested ‘Skyscraper curse’ claims new victim in Lotte’s $4-billion tower In Your Neighbourhood Today Extend the life of your Element Hair tape-in extensions You may know that Element Hair Studio is Waterloo's choice for world-class hair care, but did you... Invest for income in your RRSP – Regardless of your age When it comes to investing, conventional wisdom often tells us to invest for growth when we’re... Add video surveillance and two-way communication to your security system Your home or business may already be equipped with an alarm system, but for enhanced protection,... New home windows have a narrow window of time before needing to be replaced Windows — they're sometimes the last components that are considered for a home improvement project,... Renovations that make the most of your home while increasing value If you're looking to invest some money in your home that will likely get you a higher selling... Test pool water regularly to prevent a chemical imbalance Waterloo’s Ponds for People Pools & Spas encourages you to test your pool water regularly. Too much... Why Bolt and Nut Supply? It’s often hard to find family-owned Canadian businesses that provide quality service and low... Hallman Ironworks: Where their hearts are as big as their talent At Hallman Ironworks in Kitchener, they not only have amazing handcrafted wrought iron pieces for... Put your home's comfort level to the test with an online audit You've probably heard the term "home energy audit" many times, but what exactly does it mean? If... Take advantage of children’s fitness and arts tax credits while you can Children’s fitness and arts tax credits are being phased out, but Hollinger Business Services of... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... Dog owners thrilled with personalized grooming services Pet owners in Cambridge are speaking up about the exceptional service their dogs receive at Canine... Limousine service that gets you to the airport in comfort and style Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is an award-winning limousine service that has... A limousine is the right choice for almost any occasion Now in its third decade in business, Kitchener-Waterloo’s Boulevard Limousine boasts a fleet of... There’s nothing Becker Bros. can’t tow If it needs a tow, you need to call Becker Bros. Towing of Kitchener. No matter whether it’s a... When there's no time to cook, Your Village Market has you covered Let Your Village Market in Cambridge help make your next meal easy and delicious. They'll do the... Creating unique spaces in a studio apartment without creating big expenses Small living spaces do not mean you can't create multiple rooms that exist on their own. You can... Family owned and operated Central Automotive now in its fourth decade of business Central Automotive Service has been providing Kitchener and the surrounding areas with quality... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... How do professional repair technicians protect their hands? Your hands are some of the most important tools that you have, and with Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Up to 50% off Food and Drink Show Tickets $7 View Deal Globetrotters Tickets in Kitchener $49 View Deal Up to 50% off Admission to the KW Pet Expo $6 View Deal 68% off PGA Golf Simulator $29 View Deal 60% off a Furnace Maintenance Package $59 View Deal Batting Cage Tokens $10 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Cause unknown for B.C. oyster farm illness Liberals pledge $11.2B to affordable housing Budget offers modern workforce blueprint Budget 2017: get ready for a changing world Taxes on smokes and booze going up in budget PreviousNext Malls creating activity hubs for children From spaceships to hockey sticks, beer taps flow with unique designs The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Squarespace ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist iTunes 12.6 ClamXav 2.12.1 Microsoft Office 2016 15.32 Fantastical 2.3.4 PDFpen and PDFpenPro 8.3.3 ChronoSync 4.7.5 1Password 6.6.2 Hazel 4.0.9 Lightroom CC 2015.9 and Lightroom 6.9 ChronoSync 4.7.4     Published in TidBITS 1360. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Thinking about Tom Negrino How to Identify High-Performance GPU Apps on the MacBook Pro Half the AirPods for a Tenth the Price TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 13 March 2017 ExtraBITS for 13 March 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Business Apps | 13 Mar 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (16) How to Set Up and Use Airline Boarding Passes in Wallet by Adam C. Engst When Tonya and I first started taking airline flights back in the early 1990s, I found it almost overwhelmingly stressful. It stemmed from the fact that flying was so expensive for us, but I also dreaded the byzantine process of buying tickets, checking in repeatedly, and dealing with security. So much seemed to hinge on not losing tickets, boarding passes, or identification cards. We never made any mistakes, though, and in retrospect, misplacing a ticket or boarding pass likely wouldn’t have been a big deal. (The first time I flew to Canada, pre 9/11, I forgot my passport but was still allowed through customs with a stern talking-to. Who knows what would happen today!) I still don’t enjoy airline travel, but I’ve done it enough that it no longer stresses me out to the same extent, even as dealing with invasive and unpleasant security requirements has gotten far worse. Plus, thanks to the Internet and the iPhone, the logistics have become vastly simpler. Being able to buy tickets, check in, and print boarding passes online was the first step, and the next major improvement came when Apple released the Passbook app, since renamed Wallet. I’ve been using Passbook/Wallet as long as has been possible — it took smaller airports like Ithaca a while to get the necessary scanners — but as much as I liked eliminating the need for paper, there were many problems early on. Getting passes into Passbook was difficult, due to horrible airline apps, and bringing up the passes quickly and reliably was also hard. Even during our trip to MacTech Conference in Los Angeles in November 2016, when I was using an iPhone 7 running iOS 10, I had problems. I eventually realized the Raise to Wake option kept swapping the boarding pass for the lock screen every time I lowered my iPhone while waiting in line to board. But on my most recent trip, to Austin for the ASMC Summit for independent Apple resellers, everything just worked. The United app knew about my itinerary once I was logged in, and the Delta app figured it out once I entered the ticket number. Both notified me when I could check in, and made it easy to do that and add my boarding passes to Wallet. iOS 10 and Wallet were smart enough to display a constant notification on the lock screen during the time I needed it, a single swipe brought up the boarding pass, and it stayed on screen while I waited in line, regardless of Raise to Wake. I’m sure many of you are nodding your heads in agreement, or wondering why I’m telling you all this. I’m no frequent flyer, so I’m sure that these improvements have been obvious to road warriors for a while. But I wanted to document how to do all this because I saw a lot of people still relying on paper boarding passes on that last trip. The experience of relying on an iPhone is so good, and so much better than dealing with paper, that if you’ve avoided it so far, I urge you to give it a try next time. But feel free to print a paper boarding pass as a backup until you’re comfortable with using your iPhone instead! Get the Airline App -- The first step is perhaps the hardest. It’s not that finding or downloading airline apps is difficult or expensive — they’re all free, and you can download them from the App Store like any other app. Here are links for the main U.S. airlines: Alaska Airlines, Allegiant Air, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, JetBlue, Southwest Airlines, United Airlines, and Virgin America. In my experience, the tricky part, particularly for those of us who have been traveling for many years, is logging in. I strongly recommend taking some time well before your next flight to set up the airline apps you might use. Do them all at once, since it can be a fussy, annoying process if you have old accounts, or if airline mergers have confused matters. It’s far easier to figure out your login information — usually some combination of frequent flyer number, email address, or username, plus a password or PIN — via the airline Web sites while working calmly on a Mac at home. You may need to ask for new passwords in some cases, and regardless, I’d encourage you to change your password to a 20-character random password and store it in a password manager like 1Password or LastPass. You have to assume that airline Web sites are under attack all the time, given the value of the information they store, and I imagine that identity theft surrounding airline travel could cause a world of hurt. So set strong passwords and make sure to use a password manager that you can access on your iPhone too. Check In and Add Boarding Passes -- Once you’re logged in to the airline app, it should be relatively obvious how you can check in for your flight, which you can usually do 24 hours beforehand. If you booked the flight through the same airline, the app might even know about your itinerary already. If not, you may have to enter a confirmation number or ticket number — I had to do that when using the Delta app to check in for the return leg of my last trip, which had originated on United. At the end of the check-in process, the apps I’ve used have provided a relatively clear Add to Wallet link or button. Tap it, and when it hands you off to Wallet, make sure everything looks correct in the boarding pass and then tap the Add link in the upper-right corner. You may or may not need to do this for each boarding pass; check to see what’s in Wallet after the first one. Now you’re ready for when you go to the airport. Call Up a Boarding Pass -- As you’re waiting in the security line, you’ll want to get your iPhone ready to display the boarding pass to the first security checker. Since Wallet knows your flight times, it starts displaying a notification on the iPhone’s lock screen some hours before. That notification appears every time you wake the iPhone, and you can swipe it to the right to display the boarding pass. Those with an iPhone 6, 6s, or 7 can also 3D Touch it and then tap a Show Pass button, but that’s a bit clumsier than the swipe. The boarding pass will stay on screen even beyond the time set in Settings > Display & Brightness > Auto-Lock, but as you approach the head of the line, check to make sure you haven’t inadvertently pressed the Sleep/Wake button on your iPhone. If you have an Apple Watch, you can instead bring up the Wallet app there — you might want to tap the Keep in Dock button to make it easier to get to for your return flight. The watch’s Wallet app shows the same passes that are in Wallet on the iPhone, and tapping the boarding pass shows you the same information, although you have to scroll down (or rotate the digital crown) to get to the QR code required for the scanner. While the Wallet app is up on the Apple Watch, the screen doesn’t turn off, so you don’t have to struggle with it when you get to the desk. Although I can’t imagine a scenario where this makes sense, you can prevent a boarding pass from appearing on your lock screen. Swipe right on its notification, tap the i button in the lower-right corner, and in the next screen, disable Suggest on Lock Screen. You can turn off automatic updates here too, but again, I can’t think of when it would be useful to have a boarding pass not update automatically. One final note. Since many flights have multiple legs, each with a separate boarding pass, note that Wallet seems to try to keep them together. If you see multiple dots at the bottom of a screen showing a boarding pass, try swiping left and right to move between them. The same applies if you’re traveling with a family and you have boarding passes for multiple people in your iPhone. Speaking of which, if you and your traveling companions all have iPhones and airline accounts, it’s usually possible for each person to manage their own boarding passes. But if not, you can check in for multiple travelers and add all their boarding passes to your iPhone, though that will require some swiping back and forth whenever you need to present them. Delete Passes -- Back in the day, you sometimes wanted to hold on to boarding passes to prove that you’d flown the miles for a frequent flyer program. In today’s world, unless you’re a tech writer who wants to keep a few boarding passes around to document how Wallet works, there’s little reason to retain them. To delete an expired boarding pass, open Wallet, tap the boarding pass, tap the i button in the lower-right corner, and then tap the Remove Pass option. Anything Else? -- It was difficult to document how all this works since I had to do it live, while juggling luggage and making sure I ended up on the right flight and in the right seat. There’s no way to simulate different scenarios or test something again. So, if I’ve missed something in this description of using boarding passes in Wallet, please let me know in the comments. Finally, what if you lose or break your iPhone, with all your travel documents on it, during your trip? If that happened to me while en route, I’d go to the nearest airline desk to see if they could print me a new boarding pass. And if it happened in the middle of my trip, which seems more likely, I’d try to get to the airport early for my departure, so there would be extra time to check in for the flight and get a printed boarding pass. If you have ever experienced such an iPhone disaster, leaving you without a boarding pass or information about your itinerary, tell us in the comments how you worked around the problem. Check out the Take Control ebooks that expand on the topic in this article: Take Control of 1Password Annoyed by having to type hard-to-remember passwords? Let 1Password do the heavy lifting. With directions for 1Password 6 for the Mac, as well as 1Password for iOS, Windows, and Android, author Joe Kissell shows you how to generate and enter secure passwords, speed up your online shopping, and share and sync Web logins and other confidential data. Don't risk insecure passwords in today's Internet!   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about How to Set Up and Use Airline Boarding Passes in Wallet To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you’re still printing boarding passes on paper because you think that using your iPhone would be too hard, think again. Airline apps and Apple’s Wallet app have improved significantly over the years, and the process is now easier than fussing with printed boarding passes. Adam Engst walks you through it. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment David Lutchko  2017-03-13 16:34 I was a road warrior and agree that using Apple wallet can be great. That said, ALWAYS carry a paper copy of your itinerary with you. You never when your phone starts misbehaving, or runs out of power (evening flights), etc. Sometimes, though, I found it hard lugging a carry-on with one hand, toting a small computer backpack, and then juggling the phone with my non-dominant hand to show the flight attendant my seat assignment--it almost fell between the jetway and the plane (would have landed on the tarmac!). That would not have been good. Another consideration, if traveling internationally I may be tempted to backup my phone using iTunes and restore it to factory settings just to prevent a possible Customs and Immigration privacy invasion, not so much because I'm paranoid but more out of principle. Reply Dennis B. Swaney  2017-03-13 23:17 Good point. In fact the NBC Nightly News had a story tonight (13 Mar 17) on the CBP demanding the phones and passwords of US Citizens at both land and air entry points. Reply Paul Albert  2017-03-13 20:56 I mean really all that trouble. Just print it out, fold it up and put in your wallet. Sometimes all this tech stuff just gets in the way of life. Flying is already stressful-why deal with this. Another headache. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-14 11:35 I always found the paper boarding passes much more stressful. You have to remember to print them out, put them in a location where you won't forget (and my wallet isn't nearly big enough to hold an 8.5x11 sheet of paper), and then constantly be sorting through them to get the right one for the right leg of the trip. Plus, you have to take them out and put them back repeatedly as you go through security and (sometimes) check in, and if you have any other papers with you, it's easy for them to get mixed up together. And of course, paper boarding passes don't update with new gate or time information. The iPhone is always in my right front pocket or in my hand, and the Apple Watch is always on my wrist. Now that Wallet works well, I find it a much better solution. But hey, if you like the paper, there's nothing stopping you from using it. Reply tonyblunt  2017-03-13 23:11 I used the iPhone for a few years and the process has got much simpler. Now I use the watch, less juggling things but some airlines have code readers that you cannot get your wrist under, hopefully they will upgrade soon. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-14 11:37 Yes, the scanners do have to be the right orientation for the watch. I didn't have trouble with that on this trip, but on some previous one, it was clear that I wouldn't be able to use the watch and I had to revert back to the iPhone. Reply Dennis B. Swaney  2017-03-13 23:21 Adam, since the CBP is now demanding access to the phones of returning US Citizens, you might as well get the app "Mobile Passport" so you can just give them your phone immediately before 3 of their goons tackle you. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-14 11:40 Oh, don't get me started... The EFF has a page on privacy at the boarder, and I need to write more about it. http://www.eff.org/wp/digital-privacy-us-border-2017 Reply Tonya not the TidBits Tonya  2017-03-14 01:29 When my husband and I travel together, we always put both of our boarding passes on both phones to provide a backup in case one phone goes on the fritz during the boarding process. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-14 11:37 That's smart! Reply Tonya Engst   2017-03-14 14:14 That is a very cute username! :-) Reply Tonya not the TidBits Tonya  2017-03-16 18:16 I kinda thought so, too ;-) Reply zaccone  2017-03-14 09:25 I often book flights on Southwest for my wife, son, and me. When I do that, I get one itinerary number and Southwest won't let me put the boarding passes on my phone. To fix this, I need to call Southwest and ask them to give each family member a separate itinerary number. They are willing to do this and it fixes the problem. I could probably accomplish the same thing by booking each of the flights separately, but I'm always afraid I won't get the same fare for each flight if I do that. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-14 11:39 Interesting! I know I've put boarding passes for multiple people on my iPhone with the United app, but since I've lived in the Northwest and the Northeast, I've never flown Southwest. :-) Reply Bob Bryant  2017-03-20 09:17 If I put my boarding pass in Wallet, am I prohibited from also printing a back up paper pass? I've resisted using Wallet because I didn't want to depend exclusively on an unfamiliar system. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-20 10:01 You can always print a boarding pass separately, just as you always have. If you're concerned, print the boarding pass first, and then add it to Wallet. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you’re still printing boarding passes on paper because you think that using your iPhone would be too hard, think again. Airline apps and Apple’s Wallet app have improved significantly over the years, and the process is now easier than fussing with printed boarding passes. Adam Engst walks you through it. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 78° Scattered Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Trump lawyers ask court to move quickly on travel ban appeal Posted: March 22, 2017 - 9:59 am AP New! RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Donald Trump's administration is asking a U.S. court to quickly hear its appeal of a ruling that blocked the president's revised travel ban. Comments (0) KPD asking for help with finding runaway Posted: March 22, 2017 - 9:51 am New! LIHUE — The Kauai Police Department is asking for the public’s help in locating a runaway. Comments (0) Recent High Court bolsters rights of learning-disabled students AP Exclusive: Trump campaign chief linked to Putin interests US tells allies to do more amid new offensive against IS Trump feels 'somewhat' vindicated after Nunes intel briefing House intel chair briefs Trump on 'incidental' intelligence collection, says some seems 'inappropriate' Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Glory days returning to UH softball? Posted: March 22, 2017 - 12:05 am More than basketball, more than football, maybe even more than women’s volleyball, the most exciting team competing for UH Manoa recently has been Wahine softball. In 2010, UH took us on a crazy ride all the way to the College World Series, toppling a touted Alabama squad in the Super Regional before moving on to Oklahoma City. Comments (0) Holes-in-one at Kiahuna Posted: March 22, 2017 - 12:05 am Robert Philipson of Koloa recently made a hole-in-one at the Kiahuna Golf Club. Comments (0) Recent Mini triathlon April 22 in Mana Keep working for states Maddie, Tanaka share ‘Swimmer’ honor Pickleball tourney starts Thursday Warriors claim first-round title Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Gene therapy may hold promise in treatment of hemophilia Posted: March 22, 2017 - 1:00 am Scientists at the Center for Cardiovascular Research at the University of Hawaii John A. Burns School of Medicine hope that patients with hemophilia could one day be treated with gene therapy delivered by tiny bubbles. Comments (0) ‘Greatest Garage Sale Ever’ find is out there Posted: March 22, 2017 - 12:15 am The Rotary Club of Hanalei Bay is responsible for feeding my addiction. Comments (0) Recent ￼Why is your diet not working? How to file a complaint against your Medicare drug or health plan Employment training for youth Learn from dairy on the Big Island Spring learning of bees a buzzing Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Things you should know when celebrating St. Patrick’s Day Updated: March 17, 2017 - 11:03 am My parents were born and raised in Dublin, Ireland, in the 60s. In case you were wondering, yes, they have very thick Irish accents. Comments (0) Kauai’s premiere Irish band, Whiskey-O, will perform this Sunday Posted: March 17, 2017 - 1:00 am LIHUE — This St. Patrick’s Day weekend, you don’t have to travel 6,980 miles to hear quality Irish music as Whiskey-O is bringing the songs of the Emerald Isle to the Garden Isle this Sunday at the Kauai War Memorial Convention Hall. Comments (0) Recent ‘Kupaoa’ takes EKK stage Monday ‘One Fine Evening’ Turn to the stars for true love Island Calendar for Friday, March 17, 2017 TGIFr!day for March 17, 2017 Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next HONS Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones This photo provided by Apple shows the family of iPads, from left, the iPad mini 4, the new iPad, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 12.9-inch one, along with the Apple Pencil. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Apple cut prices on two iPad models and introduced red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. (Apple via AP) Posted: Tuesday, March 21, 2017 10:34 am | Updated: 10:47 am, Tue Mar 21, 2017. Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones Associated Press | 0 comments NEW YORK (AP) — Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn't materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. THE NEW LINEUP The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn't have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday's announcement makes it "even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now — the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind." The processor in the new standard-size iPad, for instance, is akin to what's in the iPhone 6S from 2015. The Mini's processor is even older. DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren't upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. Far from holding a clearance sale, Vela said Apple is merely taking advantage of lower prices for older components. And Apple might be able to preserve higher profit margins by pushing people into a model with four times the storage, or 128 gigabytes; the extra storage costs Apple far less than the extra $100 that model sells for, Vela said. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet announcement by nearly a month, though Samsung's Android-based Galaxy Tab S3 doesn't actually start selling until this Friday, for $600. Vela doesn't consider it a serious threat to Apple. Even though the Tab S3 is more in line with iPad Pros in quality, Vela said people tend to buy Samsung tablets as media-consumption devices, something they can do with the cheaper iPads. Samsung also has two Windows 10 tablets coming. Called the Galaxy Book, the Windows devices are more likely to challenge Microsoft's Surface than iPads. Microsoft is due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. ___ AP Technology Writer Mae Anderson contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business HTML: U.S. Poultry Slaughter 1986-2015 ARTICLE: Expert: Bird flu outbreak nation's worst since 2015 The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill ARTICLE: The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill More about Technology Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too ARTICLE: Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too AP Interview: Emirates defends security as laptop ban looms AP Interview: Emirates defends security as laptop ban looms AP Interview: Emirates defends security as laptop ban looms More about Tablet Computers Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones ARTICLE: The top iPhone and iPad apps on App Store ARTICLE: The top iPhone and iPad apps on App Store Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National on Tuesday, March 21, 2017 10:34 am. Updated: 10:47 am. | Tags: Business, Technology, Tablet Computers, Personal Computers, Computer Hardware, Consumer Electronics, General News, Tablet Computer Manufacturing, Personal Computer Manufacturing, Computer Hardware Manufacturing, Information Technology, Consumer Electronics Manufacturing, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, New Products And Services, Products And Services, Corporate News, Mobile Phone Manufacturing, Mobile Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing, Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing, Telecommunications Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Jeff Stone plans 80-unit luxury hotel; limits may be lifted on Hanalei water sports activities Trump supporters call for Hawaii boycott after travel-ban block 80-unit luxury hotel planned; boating limits may be lifted Eleele man films orcas by Niihau Texeira, Kona accused of murder All Trump supporters call for Hawaii boycott after travel-ban block (70) Pesticide bill will be put to a vote (29) Pesticide disclosure bill nixed (21) Meeting attendees want Keahua bridge dismantled (15) 80-unit luxury hotel planned; boating limits may be lifted (15) Follow us on Facebook Promos Island Calendar for Friday, March 17, 2017 Friday, March 17 article events-calendar pause Online poll Mayor Bernard Carvalho, Jr.’s proposed $204 million operating budget for fiscal year 2017-2018 is: Total Votes: 345 Too much 263 76% Too little 36 10% Just right 46 13% Loading… Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
About Us Contribute Community Contributions Contact Home News Entertainment & Events Movies & TV Food & Beverage Dining Drinking Music & Arts Lifestyle Event Directories Comedy Directory Theater Directory Concerts Directory Home News Entertainment & Events Movies & TV Food & Beverage Dining Drinking Music & Arts Lifestyle Event Directories Comedy Directory Theater Directory Concerts Directory News Apple Announces New Products By Drew Halvorson | March 21, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Another announcement from Apple dropped this morning, revealing new products throughout the company’s inventory. From iPads to iPhones to cases, there’s a little bit of everything in this new line of items. Even if you don’t need any new tech, Apple also revealed a new app that everyone can take advantage of. New iPads Apple’s line of iPads is now updated, with options available, like the iPad Mini, the new 9.7-inch iPad, or the iPad Pro in 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch varieties. The new iPad is thicker compared to the iPad Air 2, with a case about the size of the first iPad Air. However, the new option is much cheaper with a price tag of $329 for 32 GB of storage. Because of this smaller price tag, the new iPad has some features missing, like the iPad Pro’s True Tone display, wide color range, and stereo speakers. New Red iPhone 7 This new iPhone is the same as the iPhone 7s already released, just in a candy apple red color. It comes in both sizes, iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, with storage sizes of 128 GB and 265 GB. Along with the new color, this iPhone is special because, with every purchase, Apple will donate to (RED), an HIV/AIDS prevention and research. iPhone SE improvements This smaller iPhone has been upgraded from its original 16 GB and 64 GB options to 32 GB and 128 GB models. The smaller storage option costs $399, and the larger costs $499. New picture/video app Clips is Apple’s new app, which mixes Snapchat and iMovie. It allows you to create photos and short videos, import your own pictures to use, and add special filters and effects to your created photos and videos. The app makes it easy to export to your social media profile. New Apple Watch bands and iPhone cases More accessories are here! New bands are now up for grabs for the Apple Watch, with new options including a striped, woven nylon, Nike Sport, and Hermes. If you’re needing a new case for your iPhone 7 or 7 Plus, six new colors of cases are available. Three colors are made of silicone, with colors azure, camellia, and pebble, which cost $35. For $49, you can get a leather case in the colors of berry, taupe, and sapphire. Related ItemsAppleiPadiPhonetechnology Drew Halvorson Drew has lived in San Diego going on two years, and can't imagine living anywhere else. She loves the city's beaches, food, and shows. You can contact her at drew@sdentertainer.com. ← Previous Story Celebrate International Women’s Day Next Story → Lindsay Lohan’s New Prank Reality TV Show: The Anti-Social Network You may also like... New Apple iPhone 8 Rumors What to Expect From The iPhone 8 This Fall 3 technological advancements you should know about Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Follow us… Subscribe Today! Sign Up Today to Receive the Latest Content Updates and Subscriber Perks Email Address * Latest Posts Lindsay Lohan’s New Prank Reality TV Show: The Anti-Social Network 22 Mar 2017 Lindsay Lohan, known for her role of the twins in Parent Trap and memorable part of Cady Heron […] Best Sushi Joints With Great Happy Hours 22 Mar 2017 The smell of the ocean surrounds us every day, with our wisely selected coastal habitation. The breeze blows […] San Diego Doctor’s Mission To Save Lives with Music 22 Mar 2017 Dr. Steven G. Eisenberg is an oncologist from North County San Diego that has creatively chosen to mix music into […] San Diego’s Best Bars with Live Music 22 Mar 2017 We live in San Diego, which means we have a lot of options when it comes to music, […] Explore the Sea: Water Sports For Everyone 22 Mar 2017 The sun is out, the days are getting longer, and it’s time to hop in the water. In […] Other Topics action allie daugherty American Idol Balboa Park Chargers comic-con del mar Dining Downtown E&L TV facebook Film financial advice Fitness Gaslamp Halloween House of Blues Lady Gaga la jolla local music Movie movie review movies Music NFL North Park pacific beach padres recipe Recipes review San Diego San Diego Chargers san diego concerts san diego dining San Diego events San Diego Food Finds san diego music San Diego Padres san diego zoo Theater UCSD valentines day video Winning In Life Radio About Us Contribute Community Contributions Contact Your Source for Everything San Diego Copyright © 2017 SDEntertainer. Login Username Password Social Media Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Tablets Apple News 11 Apple announces a new 9.7-inch iPad by Mark Tyson on 21 March 2017, 19:41 Tags: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), iPad Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadfks Add to My Vault: Apple has revamped its iPad lineup, replacing the iPad Air 2 with a new tablet dubbed simply the iPad. This latest model in the iconic tablet range delivers improved processing power, all day battery life, and perhaps most importantly it does so at the cheapest entry level price yet. The cheapest model costs $329 / £339 and comes with 32GB of built-in storage. Only yesterday, to get a full sized iPad, you would have had to fork out $399 / £379 for an iPad Air 2. "iPad is the world’s most popular tablet. Customers love the large, 9.7-inch display for everything from watching TV and movies, to surfing the web, making FaceTime calls, and enjoying photos, and now it is even more affordable," said Phil Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, at the product announcement. Schiller went on to highlight some advantages over the iPad Air 2 such as the use of Apple's more powerful A9 SoC, an improved minimum storage threshold of 32GB, a brighter Retina screen, and of course the reduced pricing. Perhaps one of the ways Apple reduced the price of the latest iPad is by equipping a cheaper Retina screen - this one doesn't seem to use the anti-reflective laminated screen technology which features on every other model in the range. Screen lamination reduces the gap between the pixels and the glass touch surface of the tablet. The standard specifications of the new iPad include: 9.7-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit Multi-Touch display with IPS technology 2048x1536-pixel resolution at 264 ppi Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating A9 chip with 64-bit architecture plus embedded M9 coprocessor 32GB or 128GB of storage 8-megapixel ƒ/2.4 rear camera, 1.2-megapixel f/2.2 FaceTime HD camera Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n/ac); dual band (2.4GHz and 5GHz); HT80 with MIMO Bluetooth 4.2 technology Cellular model: UMTS/HSPA/​HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz); GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz), CDMA EV-DO Rev. A and Rev. B (800, 1900 MHz), LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 38, 39, 40, 41), includes Apple SIM but can use other nano-SIM cards Lightning connector Built-in 32.4-watt-hour rechargeable lithium-polymer battery for up to 10 hours of surfing the web on Wi‑Fi, watching video or listening to music Built in stereo speakers Buttons: Home button / Touch ID sensor, on/off sleep/wake, volume up/down 3.5mm headphone jack Digital compass and other sensors iOS 10 240mm x 169.5mm x 7.5mm and 470g If you are interested in the new iPad it will become available to order from Friday, with deliveries starting the following week. As mentioned in the intro, the entry level Wi-Fi model costs $329 / £339. Opting for 128GB of storage ups the price to $429 / £429. For cellular connectivity capability add $120 / £130 to those prices. Other new Apple products As well as the new iPad, Apple announced; The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in RED, with charity donations to the Global Fund’s fight against AIDS and HIV, An iPhone SE storage bump: 16GB and 64GB models will be phased out in favour of 32GB and 128GB models, The iPad mini 2 is no more, and the iPad mini 4 (with 2 year old A8 SoC) seems more expensive than ever, starting from $399 / £419, There's a new iOS video editing app called Clips, And several new Apple Watch straps have been released from Apple, Nike, and Hermes. Related Reading 11 Porsche reveals a sleek Windows 2-in-1 with 13.3-inch QHD+ display Intel Core i7-7500U powered machine has aluminium chassis and detachable 360 hinge. 3 Samsung and Microsoft collaborate for the Galaxy Book The Intel powered premium 2-in-1 device will be sold in 10.6- and 12-inch models. 1 Samsung publishes companion app for a 'Galaxy Book' device So it looks like Samsung is readying a new Windows 10 laptop, 2-in-1, or tablet. Nokia 18.4-inch tablet with Snapdragon 835 spotted Apple T310 ARM chip to handle low-power mode for MacBook Windows device shipments to be outpaced by Apple this year? LG's 27-inch UltraFine 5K Display goes up for sale at Apple.com Apple removes battery remaining time estimate from Mac OS Sierra HEXUS Forums :: 11 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Biscuit - Tue 21 Mar 2017 22:24 I actually got an iPad not too long ago to replace my long in the tooth hudl. Happy to see the replacement model hasnt changed a great deal. Posted by LSG501 - Tue 21 Mar 2017 23:49 So it's basically gone back to the price it was prior to the ‘brexit’ increases and it's still more than currency conversion + vat…yes I know there's shipping but most come to UK direct from manufacturer so shipping is roughly same as to US in most cases. Posted by Pleiades - Wed 22 Mar 2017 01:48 Headphone jack!? What is this? 2015 or something? /s Posted by Tabbykatze - Wed 22 Mar 2017 08:53 I love Apples absolute lack of imagination when it comes to naming xD Posted by ksdp37 - Wed 22 Mar 2017 09:15 Other than weight gain, faster processor and larger battery, this doesn't sound tempting enough to upgrade from my Air 2, which still has plenty of kick on it. SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Apple announces a new 9.7-inch iPad 11 2 Google launches Android O developer preview (DP1) 0 3 Google Maps to enable real-time user location sharing 8 1 Apple announces a new 9.7-inch iPad 11 2 Google Maps to enable real-time user location sharing 8 3 Google launches Android O developer preview (DP1) 0 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 GIGABYTE and Corsair Partner for RGB Fusion 2 EK is releasing a new revolutionary Rotary Terminal 3 Auslogics Puts 9 Years of Computer Optimization Experience into Brand-New Mac Cleaner 4 Reallusion launches new Character Creator 2.0 5 QNAP and ABBYY Team Up to Demonstrate a Total Solution for File Digitization at CeBIT 2017 6 Manli GeForce GTX 1080Ti with Blower Fan INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 410,487 Forum posts: 2,572,277 Forum threads: 247,738 Currently active users: 727 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Home Industry Apple drives further into Facebook, Snapchat territory with video app Apple drives further into Facebook, Snapchat territory with video app With the release of a new video app called Clips, Apple Inc is inching one step closer to fully engaging in the messaging world, where its huge base of iPhone users could help it compete with Snap Inc's Snapchat and Facebook Inc's Messenger. By: Reuters | San Francisco | Published: March 22, 2017 2:00 AM With the release of a new video app called Clips, Apple Inc is inching one step closer to fully engaging in the messaging world, where its huge base of iPhone users could help it compete with Snap Inc’s Snapchat and Facebook Inc’s Messenger. (Reuters) With the release of a new video app called Clips, Apple Inc is inching one step closer to fully engaging in the messaging world, where its huge base of iPhone users could help it compete with Snap Inc’s Snapchat and Facebook Inc’s Messenger. Clips, which will hit Apple’s App Store in April, lets customers take videos and add animated captions and titles, complete with colorful emoji symbols. The app also makes it possible to stitch together multiple video clips and add speech bubbles and filters. The functions closely resemble those that drive Snap’s wildly popular Stories feature. With Stories, Snap users string together photos and videos, embellish them and then post them to their feeds.Apple’s new Clips lets users post their video to Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Vimeo and more. But if users post them to Apple’s own Messages app, Apple will recommend whom to share it with based on which friends are in the videos and whom the user frequently contacts – the kind of predictive social features Facebook excels at. You May Also Like To Watch This: Apple has a huge number of users for Messages, the flagship app for short notes that is built into the iPhone’s iOS 10 software. Apple does not say how many people use the app, but it does say that there more than 1 billion iOS devices on the market and that 79 percent of them run iOS 10.Apple also says that Messages is the most commonly used app on iOS devices, giving the company potentially up to 800 million users for its latest messaging platform. Snap, by contrast, has 161 million daily active users. While Apple’s Clips competitor will technically be a separate app from Messages, it will be tied closely to it for the ability share Clips videos with other Apple users. Facebook has more than 1 billion users for both Messenger, which was split off from the main Facebook service in 2014, and for WhatsApp, which it acquired for $19 billion the same year.Apple has been steadily matching the features of Facebook’s Messenger. But Apple is also walking a fine line with other messaging players, cooperating with them often as it competes with them. For example, it has opened up the iPhone’s dialer app, long closed off to developers, so that iPhone users could place and receive Skype and WhatsApp calls through the device’s native interface. Alphabet Inc’s Google and Microsoft Corp have been scrambling to get into the game, too. Google has more than a half dozen messaging apps, including Allo, its latest. Microsoft has tried to integrate chat into its Skype app, and Microsoft-owned LinkedIn is a popular tool for business notes.But tech giants obsess over messaging because it is where users are headed, according to analyst firm Gartner. Between 2015 and 2016, the percentage of U.S. and UK smartphone owners who used social media apps dropped from 85 percent to 83 percent while messaging apps jumped from 68 percent to 71 percent, a trend Gartner expects will continue. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now IPL 2017: Royal Challengers Bangalore complete squad, key players and list of matches Request for extradition of Vijay Mallya, 9 others pending with UK: Govt Indian Air Force to participate in air combat exercise in Israel IPL 2017: After JP Duminy, Delhi Daredevils may not get Quinton De Kock's services as well SC asks states to upload information on mid-day meal scheme on website Narayan Rane rubbishes rumors of quitting Congress Pakistan has to vacate PoK, Gilgit-Baltistan: Union Minister Jitendra Singh Lawyers' strike affects work in district courts Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover spat: Raju Srivastava to lend his magic touch on a permanent basis? MCD Polls 2017: Delhi HC disposes pleas seeking delimitation of wards No proposal to enhance quota percentage: Thaawar Chand Gehlot Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News यूपी पुलिस की एंटी रोमियो स्क्‍वैड की हरकतों पर धारा 499 के तहत सीएम आदित्‍य नाथ पर बन सकता है मानहानि का केस कर्मचारी को चप्‍पल से पीटने वाले शिव सेना सांसद के खिलाफ एयर इंडिया ने कराई FIR, स्‍टाफ बोला- देश को भगवान बचाए नवजोत सिंह सिद्धू ने कहा-घर चलाने के लिए मेरा टीवी पर आना जरुरी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: March 24, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad BREAKING NEWS: American man who was on a tour of Europe is named as victim of London terror attack that also left his wife injured  ISIS claims responsibility for London attack - as it emerges killer was British-born jihadist who was probed by MI5 'some years ago' over links to 'violent extremism' but slipped through the net BREAKING NEWS: Man arrested after trying to drive a car into a crowd on a busy shopping street in Antwerp 'We're sending all our thoughts and prayers': Duchess of Cambridge pays tribute to victims of the Westminster terrorist attack as she shrugs off security fears to launch a maternal mental health campaign in central London 'My life has completely fallen apart': Husband's grief after his wife was murdered on Westminster Bridge in London terror attack on the way to pick up their children from school  'My thoughts, prayers and deepest sympathy are with all those who have been affected': Queen pays tribute to the London terror attack victims  Who is the real monster? Trolls blast 'indifferent' Muslim woman seen walking through terror attack but the internet leaps to her defense  'They will not silence our democracy': British PM vows defiance as House of Commons condemns 'sickening' terror attack on the heart of London 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to his home town of London in wake of brutal terror attack Moment Thames cruise ship helps to pluck Romanian tourist from the water after she plunged 20ft to safety  Terrorist on the rampage: Chilling footage shows London terror attacker's car speeding along the sidewalk of bridge as one terrified woman PLUNGES into the Thames 'Killed on the Death Bridge': How the world's media has reacted to the Westminster atrocity Carnage and kindness on Westminster Bridge: How strangers helped the stricken victims of London terror attack as they lay bloodied and broken on the pavement 'He was every inch a hero': British Prime Minister leads tributes to murdered cop Keith Palmer, 48, as heartbroken colleagues remember 'a wonderful dad, a wonderful husband' who saved the life of a colleague French school devastated by London attack with three pupils injured had already lost a former student in the Bataclan massacre The incredible survival story of woman who ran out of gas near the Grand Canyon and used her wits to stay alive while she was stranded for FIVE DAYS 'There are ground rules...but we have lots of fun': People in open relationships share exactly how they make their VERY complicated love lives work Now you're making fried eggs wrong! Secret hack reveals how to get them perfectly crispy (and the key is using a LOT of one ingredient) 'We were fortunate enough to have two uteruses': Transgender MAN gives birth to his own daughter after his wife was unable to fall pregnant  Tragedy as mom, 30, beats cervical cancer during pregnancy only to die from heart failure one day after giving birth to twins  'I'm president and you're not' Trump tells his critics in Time magazine interview  Now anonymous government officials accuse Trump aides of giving Russians the 'thumbs up' for election hacks: New claim in growing feud over Obama administration 'snooping' on Donald Revealed: U.S. investigating Paul Manafort's offshore banking transactions through Cyprus as part of federal anti-corruption probe EXCLUSIVE: From Sand Lake to Twin Peaks - How one woman's grisly unsolved murder in 1908 inspired the 90s cult TV drama that is making a comeback in a Showtime reboot  Previous Next Apple laptop triggers inferno: Flat is gutted by fire and owner's pet cat KILLED when a faulty charger starts blaze Gemma Impey's flat was burned out when her laptop charger caused a fire The blaze in February 2015 destroyed her home, belongings and killed her cat But Apple has refused to refund her £1,250 computer even though they confirmed the charger with it was faulty By Rebecca Taylor For Mailonline Published: 16:35 EDT, 21 March 2017 | Updated: 19:49 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail 57 shares 183 View comments A shop assistant lost almost everything in a flat fire when a faulty Apple charger set alight while she was at work. Gemma Impey left her MacBook Pro charging when she went to work, only to get a call from a firefighter an hour later to tell her the rented studio apartment was on fire. By the time she got home, the fire was out but her flat was gutted and her pet cat Tibby had died in the arms of an officer. Gemma Impey with her fiance Martyn Taylor and the MacBook Pro which was at the centre of the fire caused by its faulty charger The fire service investigation confirmed the laptop charger had been the cause of the blaze, and Apple admitted the piece of kit was faulty. But more than two years since the fire in February 2015, Miss Impey is still in constant communication with Apple, who she says pass her from person to person as they investigate.  The 23-year-old said the traumatic incident has been made worse by Apple's failure to refund her for the wrecked £1,250 computer.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Bad taste man! Robbie Williams faces backlash after tweeting... Owner of house in the DC suburbs which exploded hours before... Share this article Share The blaze gutted the studio flat she lived in and the council deemed it uninhabitable afterwards Miss Impey was forced to move out and live with her parents, meaning she lost her job at a hotel as well She said: 'It's been the worst two years of my life. I just feel as though I've lost absolutely everything: my flat, my job, my cat. Almost everything was ruined. 'Tibby was in the hands of the fire crew when I arrived. Apparently they found him under the sofa, crying and shaking. 'The damage done from being exposed to the fire was just too much for him. It was awful, on top of everything else, to lose an animal I had become attached to. 'I was living on my own in a studio flat, with no friends nearby, and only bought him as a bit of company.' Miss Impey, who was working as a hotel events manager at the time, said that when she went inside the property at Slough, Berkshire, with the landlord, he broke down in tears as the extent of the damage became clear. The report from the fire service investigation said the charger on her laptop was the cause of the fire, and Apple admitted it was a faulty charger Miss Impey's cat died shortly after the fire, losing its life in the arms of a firefighter who had pulled it out from the blaze She added: 'Everything in there was lost, including important documents like my National Insurance card.' She said the contents of the flat, which was ruled uninhabitable by council inspectors, were not insured - meaning she got nothing back. Miss Impey moved back to Ledbury, Herefordshire, to stay with her parents, but has struggled to put the ordeal behind her and says she suffers from nightmares about the blaze. In October, she began taking her case for recompense from Apple more seriously and even sent the firm the charger. She added: 'They quite quickly confirmed it was faulty, but they still have the charger in their possession. Miss Impey said she can't move on as the laptop still smells like the old flat and it constantly brings back the stress of the day 'Apple say I can't contact the legal team until they have finished their 'investigations' with the charger, which they clearly already have. 'After that experience I've held on to the laptop - I won't let them take it away as it's proof of what happened. 'But it is charred and still has the smell of my old flat. It just brings back the memories. 'Every time I phone to try and progress things I get a different person. I've had to constantly retell the story, and it's just constantly brought back all the stress and trauma of it.' A spokesman for Apple said: 'We don't comment on individual customer cases.' Miss Impey said the charger was an Apple product, but the company refused to confirm this.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 57 shares Most watched News videos Shocking moment terror attacker's car speeds across bridge Dramatic video shows horror of aftermath on Westminster Bridge Terrified public flee as three shots ring out in Parliament Square Commotion outside Parliament as police react after attack Injured people lay stricken on Westminster Bridge after attack Horrifying car crash scene shows victim at Parliament railings 'Go! go!' Police scream orders as Westminster incident begins Police patrol as Parliament is cordoned off after terror attack House suspended: Deputy speaker updates MPs after gunfire heard Injured on Westminster Bridge after terrorist drove car at them 'Serious incident': MPs in Commons told they are in lockdown Silver Jaguar speeds away from parliament with police escort The hero of Westminster: Policeman stabbed to death by... Police scramble to south London tube station as capital... Terrorist on the rampage: Chilling footage shows London... 'My life has completely fallen apart': Husband's grief... How heroic Team GB boxing coach jumped over a fence and... BREAKING NEWS: ISIS claims responsibility for London... Welcome to London: We can say we’re not afraid, light... 'A guy was shouting his wife had jumped into the Thames':... Face of the Westminster attacker: Dramatic moment dying... ‘I tried to save him… he’d lost too much blood’: MP whose... 'You have to be kidding me?!': Donald Trump Jr reacts to... Dramatic videos capture the moment three shots are fired... London on high alert: Police urge public to keep off... Humiliation for Channel 4 as they incorrectly name... Sick ISIS posts celebrates 'blessed London attack' with... 'The Thin Blue Line just got thinner': Tributes pour in... Hero doctors and nurses RAN from nearby hospital to treat... Theresa May was just '50 YARDS' from London terror... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 183 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress  'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flash triggered by Kanye West coming home late The 36-year-old reality star revealed all Kate keeps calm and carries on: Defiant Duchess shrugs off security concerns as she makes official appearance in London hours after terror attack 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson hits back at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez, 24, reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Due date is getting close Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Apparent swipe at Trump EXCLUSIVE: Married with Children star Katey Sagal opens up about 15-year drug addiction, on-and-off affair with 'weird' KISS rocker Gene Simmons  Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele, 30, flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned legs in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie in Los Angeles From mangy mutt to top dog! The incredible rescue of Eric and Lara Trump's pooch Ben who now lives in the lap of luxury  Road to recovery Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency Quick change The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy 'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash She was hit from behind by a vehicle on Monday  Shocking video shows Cash Me Ousside girl scrapping with her mom at their home which police have visited more than 50 times Dr Phil star What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Model behavior? A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display 'I've flashed my tights, my spanx, my knickers!' Adele gives audiences an eyeful as she slumps on stage after a BUG crawls into her shoe during Auckland concert Aging gracefully and with a smile! Faith Hill reveals why she is happy with her wrinkles and just fine with turning 50  'Our son is suffering': Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health problems' Ready for action! Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy outfit on set of Assassination Nation 'I had 90 pages of dialogue in one day': Bold And The Beautiful veteran Katherine Lang reveals behind-the-scenes challenges on the show New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack What do we have here? Justin Bieber's ex Sahara Ray flaunts pert derrière in Daisy Dukes as she STRADDLES Jordan Barrett in bed What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognizable during makeup-free workout EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call 'A true fan must have this air!' The plastic BAG OF AIR from Adele's Adelaide concert posted on Ebay by a fan is now bidding at a whopping $2,000 Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Feline fine: Victoria's Secret beauty Devon Windsor dons leopard print coat as model pal Anne V gets animated at New York Rangers hockey game Low-key love? Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin  Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato takes the plunge in angelic white dress as she is honored at LA gala  The 24-year-old singer recieves gong Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors The former stripper EXCLUSIVE - Ivanka Trump drops the kids at ski school and sneaks off to join husband Jared Kushner for an early morning ski run followed by a romantic stroll  Puppy love! Barefoot Lena Dunham cuddles up with two cute fluffy dogs... and almost has wardrobe malfunction The 30-year-old star snuggled up Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta The Golden Globe-winning Alias actress  How Tinder helps NBA stars play better away: App lets them sleep with women earlier in the night while on the road and erases home team advantage Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami The Vicotira Secret model turned heads Mommy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Real Housewives star  DWTS bull rider Bonner Bolton and pro Sharna Burgess share hug as they set the record straight on THAT moment backstage  They embraced Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends for almost a decade 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Son of Oscar-winning Leaving Las Vegas actor Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in lemon gown as character will be first gay superhero in film Stunned on the red carpet Love is in the air! Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks romance with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Can I negotiate a truce?': DWTS host Tom Bergeron wishes William Shatner a happy 86th birthday with peace treaty between Nick Viall Playful tweet Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Date night! Marc Anthony cozies up to new girlfriend Mariana Downing on red carpet...just one month after finalizing divorce from Shannon De Lima 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with ex-fiance Rob Kardashian Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Flashed a smile 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Revealed on her Bitch Sesh podcast  The first daughter of fashion! Meet the seasoned Hollywood stylist behind Ivanka Trump's glamorous Washington wardrobe She is 35 'I caught him': Vanderpump Rules' Scheana accuses estranged husband Mike of cheating as duo come face-to-face in explosive reunion trailer Jailed Death Row Records founder Suge Knight transported to hospital in LA with 'life-threatening blood clots' The rap mogul is awaiting trial for murder On the move! Jennifer Lawrence pushes her luggage in NYC while bundled up in a leather coat and matching hat The 26-year-old beauty wrapped up warm Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere On the red carpet Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu She just got back from a romantic weekend with the Weeknd Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere She's a mom-of-three  Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks bleary-eyed while smiling wife Hilaria sips on a caffeine fix The 58-year-old actor looked serious Going green! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot The reality star showed off her fantastic figure Her casual wear doesn't come cheap! Makeup-free Dakota Johnson models a $1,000 Gucci sweater while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look The 31-year-old was spotted at the airport  The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Sofia Richie, 18,  steps out for lunch... after fueling romance rumors with Formula One hunk Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each others' selfies 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers his expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he's seen 'drowning his sorrows with vodka'  She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old High School Musical actress  'She endangered Courtney's life being reckless': Ruby Rose reveals the reason she broke up with ex-girlfriend Harley Gusman  Jenna Dewan Tatum showcases her dancer's figure in tiny shorts as she gears up for new series with Jennifer Lopez Out in LA 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens Her special day! Reese Witherspoon wears limited edition Draper James dress made just for her birthday The Big Little Lies star turned 41  Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills This Twilight actress busy running errands Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks tense as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Car trouble 'Thank you for the advice!' Nancy Kerrigan pokes fun at Kristi Yamaguchi after she tells her to 'break a leg' on 'Dancing With The Stars  Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool, England He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit  She stepped out in Los Angeles on Wednesday Why NBA stars rely on PB&J sandwiches to boost energy - and nurture their MENTAL health  What the big names are eating 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery She is 64 They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami The heiress and her younger model boyfriend Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Playing first real boyfriend Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson is set to overtake Jennifer Lawrence as Hollywood's highest paid actress... making $15m from current hit ALONE Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida The singer brought a female fan on stage  Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY She donned shades Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum Zero Dark Thirty actress  'I'm letting her breathe': Todd Fisher says Billie Lourd 'needs to step back' from loss of mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnball wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son into her family this past January Pretty as a petal! Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Mad Men star Michael Shannon is 'top pick' to play Cable in highly anticipated Deadpool 2 opposite Ryan Reynolds It looks like things are finally shaping up for Deadpool 2 'It's tough': Model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet The Australian-born supermodel Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl Birthday suit! As Bella Hadid rocks a flesh colored one-piece, FEMAIL rounds up 18 swimsuits that are as close to naked as you're going to get Perfect casting! Chris Brown to guest star on ABC's Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper The recording artist will play a popular rapper named Rich Youngsta 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Revealing all Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot She's a role model No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA She's always the hostess Scandal on the slopes: Young Ivanka Trump was found hiding out in a boy's hotel room during Aspen family ski trip after Donald reported her missing to police 'I've made mistakes': Terrence Howard reveals his father beat him until he was 14 leading him to hit his first two wives... but his third spouse tamed him 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards 14 years later 'Loving the sun!': RHONJ star Teresa Giudice, 44, is yoga-toned in an exotic bikini as she enjoys holiday after death of her mother Antonia Married at First Sight stars Sonia Granados and Nick Pendergrast announce they're filing for divorce, a year after they said 'I do' as strangers  From OMG to dad bod: Usher hits the beach on vacation with his wife Grace...but without his signature six-pack  Looks like he has eased up on the crunches  Feeling blue? Curtis Stone looks downcast as he walks through LA in a casual denim ensemble Aussie celebrity chef She's falling for him! Vanderpump Rules' Scheana Shay kisses new beau Robert Valletta as they spend the day leaping off waterfalls in Hawaii Ben McKenzie gets caught up in shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  He's normally the one running after criminals 'We are so supportive of each other': Aussie model and actress Jessica Gomes opens up on her relationship with actor Xavier Samuel EXCLUSIVE: Hillary Clinton's Scranton childhood: Family home often flooded, her great uncle was a crooked councilman... and an aunt ran local brothel  'It doesn't feel great': Kristen Bell says she stopped breastfeeding to increase her bust for movie CHIPS... as actress joins husband Dax Shepard at Sirius Effortlessly cute! Lily Collins keeps it cozy in grey cardigan after her daily trip to the gym She had a post-exercise flush as she headed home David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Awesome Con  Fresh-faced Lara Stone flaunts her flawless complexion AFTER working up a sweat in the gym The Dutch model looked fresh-faced Lady in leather! Paris Jackson rocks biker jacket and beanie out and about in New York Decked out in a warm version of her typical boho chic aesthetic Simon Cowell, Naomi Scott and Elizabeth Banks join Power Rangers creator Haim Saban as he receives star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches wedding ring amid claims mom Angela is hoping to mend family feud following split from 'controlling' ex Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  The 30-year-old Glee actress Stop taking vitamins just because celebrities tell you to, doctors urge  Celebrities constantly rave about the health benefits of taking vitamins Dad-to-be Josh Duggar gets special delivery as disgraced reality star is served with summons after stealing man's image and using it for his online dating profiles Teri Hatcher, 52, flaunts her incredibly youthful looks during Paris trip... as she takes well-deserved break from new TV series Supergirl 'I overreacted': Erika Girardi admits she was wrong to blow up at Eileen Davidson during meltdown about her policeman son on RHOBH Smoke break! Emma Roberts puffs on a cigarette with a pal in NYC as she wears a Nasty Women tote on her shoulder 'Y'all males are so simple!' Allison Williams reveals she gets far more attention now she's blonde The 28-year-old Girls star shared her insight      DON'T MISS She needs to invest in an umbrella! Cara Santana's nicely styled locks get drenched during downpour as she exits LA restaurant She had just lunched  Next season of Feud? Taraji P Henson and Nia Long 'stopped talking to each other and almost had to shoot scenes separately' on Empire set Revealed: The royal datebooks that charted breakdown of Charles and Diana's marriage and how she used 'duty and beauty' to turn herself into a global star All that exercise has paid off! Ashlee Simpson looks slender in black workout gear 20 months after welcoming daughter with Evan Ross EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth starting a family? Builders begin work on children's playground and a creche at couple's Malibu ranch Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Tot has jet-set lifestyle Take your smoky eye to infinity and beyond! FEMAIL details how to create an otherworldly look with the exact products used on stars like Gigi Hadid EXCLUSIVE: It's A Family Affair as Mary J. Blige's soon-to-be ex demands $110,000 a month to fund his lavish lifestyle including a private chef Maksim Chmerkovskiy reveals Peta Murgatroyd is trying to postpone their July wedding... but he 'can't wait' Proud new parents  'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Why does it look like she's running in slow-mo?': Kelly Rohrbach slaps her butt as Zac Efron goes undercover as a woman in Baywatch trailer Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Big Rig Bounty Hunters' Vince Jones dead at 46 of a suspected heart attack The father-of-six who suffered from sleep apnea was found in bed  Fighting over Ella! NFL vet Ed Hartwell asks his ex-wife Keshia Knight Pulliam of The Cosby Show for joint custody of their two-month-old daughter 'How can you have a bad day?': Pink poses in a rainbow striped onesie for quirky Instagram snap Rounded out look with  white-rimmed shades Sir Rod Stewart, 72, enjoys a catch up over breakfast with eldest son Sean, 36, between gigs The pair were spotted in Bel Air, California 'But Elmo hasn't been unemployed since the '80s!' Parody video depicts Sesame Street character getting FIRED after  'Donald Grump' proposes PBS cuts 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Embraces feminine side Just for show! Olivia Wilde sports huge prosthetic baby bump on NYC set of Life Itself The 33-year-old actress looked ready to pop on busy Big Apple streets  Well suited! Vanessa Hudgens looks ready for business in stylish blazer and pants on promo tour of New York The 28-year-old was stunning in all red 'Kissing and laughing like newlyweds!' Sexy bodysuit-clad Larsa Pippen is all 'lovey-dovey' with on again husband Scottie after his big night without her Mary Jo Eustace reaches out-of-court agreement with Dean McDermott over unpaid spousal support... after he welcomes FIFTH child with Tori Spelling Together again! Caitlyn Jenner will sit down with Diane Sawyer to promote tell-all book... two years after groundbreaking 2015 interview Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed white T-shirt and black leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in legal battle with Dr. Luke Rock that body! Ashley Graham poses in sea in revealing bikini for swimsuit shoot in Florida The 29-year-old model flaunted her curves  Why you'll NEVER get a backside to rival a Kardashian doing squats: Fitness model shares the very simple secret to achieving the perfect butt Stranger Things star Joe Keery parodies Ferris Bueller in funny new ads... and a character from the classic film even makes a cameo It's morphin' time! As Ashley Benson and Gigi Hadid step out in Power Rangers t-shirts, shop FEMAIL's roundup of stylish superhero merch in time for film's release Twinning! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell wear matching jeans with thigh-baring rips The edgy pair enjoyed a sunlit stroll  Texting Norman? Diane Kruger focuses on her cell phone during NYC stroll after she was spotted with 'beau' Reedus in Spain Pair linked since 2015 Grey's Anatomy star and mom-of-two Sarah Drew reveals she asked director for breast pump scene so she could celebrate the 'struggle' of working mothers Chelsea Clinton, 37, to be honored with 'lifetime' achievement award by Variety magazine Will take place at Power of Women bash in NYC Harry Potter actor breaks down in tears when he is reunited with beloved dog two weeks after horror crash left him with a punctured lung and a broken neck 'Hero's homecoming': Chance The Rapper will headline this year's Lollapalooza in his native Chicago Festival announced its line-up Wednesday Celebrity trainer secrets: How Hollywood BFFs Michelle Williams and Busy Philipps stay in shape thanks to dance guru Lauren Kleban  'I live vicariously': Lady Gaga's ex Taylor Kinney insists his only romantic liaisons are in character on Chicago Fire The 35-year-old actor dated Gaga for five years Hear something funny, Maxima? Dutch queen looks VERY entertained as she listens to a university talk on the effect of music on children's brains Split! Ashley Olsen, 30, ends relationship with financier Richard Sachs, 58, after five months of dating Full House star wants to focus on fashion empire   Mom-of-two Savannah Guthrie admits she was very 'superstitious' about being pregnant at 45, revealing that she 'just hoped everything would turn out okay'  'The world has seen me nude BY CHOICE!': Demi Lovato brushes off hackers who put her sexy personal snaps on the Internet The singer took to Twitter 'Sometimes things can get tough': The Bachelor's Nick Viall and Vanessa Grimaldi address critics who call their interaction 'awkward' 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Date night! Michael Phelps and wife Nicole leave their baby son Boomer at home as they head to Lakers basketball game together in LA A surprise and a blessing! Power star Naturi Naughton, 32, reveals she is expecting first baby with boyfriend Ben after keeping news a secret while filming  Pregnant Bristol Palin's eight-year-old son Tripp reveals he has a GIRLFRIEND while playfully firing back at his mom after she says he's too young to date 'They are talking directly to each other': Brad Pitt 'happy' he is getting along better with Angelina Jolie six months after she filed for divorce Radiant and youthful Eva Longoria brightens up a rainy LA day on lunch outing  Desperate Housewives star just celebrated her 42nd birthday Just a bit of Formula Fun? Sofia Richie, 18, sparks further romance rumors with hunky Lewis Hamilton, 32... as they like each other's sizzling selfies 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his baskside 'It's hurtful and humiliating!' Richard Simmons' manager slams podcast about star's 'disappearance'... and denies he is transitioning into woman 'Were people doing coke in your bathroom?' Lisa Rinna confronts Dorit Kemsley about cocaine use during explosive confrontation on RHOBH 'It's a great side effect': RHOBH's Erika Girardi proudly displays her slimmer physique from competing on Dancing With The Stars  Looking good at 45 Chuck Berry's last album will be released on June 16, it emerges as the first single is unveiled  The 90-year-old died in Missouri on Saturday 'As a woman in Hollywood you just can't win': Lena Dunham describes the criticism she received online after losing weight  She was talking to Ellen Sweet tooth: Ivanka Trump indulges in some ice cream as she and Jared take their three kids and nephew out after a day on the Aspen slopes  Bra-flashing Ariel Winter puts on a VERY sexy display as she sports sheer top with thigh-high boots while clutching a cigar on Beijing night out Has the bromance ended? Jake Gyllenhaal complains that Life co-star Ryan Reynolds took 'three to five hours' in makeup and jokes his acting isn't very good  My bagels bring all the boys to the yard! Topless Ashley Graham bounces her breasts while using bread as a bra in Instagram video A 'see everything' bagel 'I was scared for my life': Wyclef Jean recounts moment deputies pulled him out his car at gunpoint and says he was 'targeted because he was black'  Peek-a-booty! Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Siggy Flicker exposes her pert derriere while getting her mic adjusted during filming Gong Show host Chuck Barris who once claimed his TV game show hits were a cover for his work as a CIA assassin dies in New York at age 87 Slimmed-down Jonah Hill looks almost unrecognizable as he sports blond wig, bushy beard and 70s ensemble on the the set of his new drama Model behavior: Kara Del Toro shows some cleavage in a plunging nude dress as she joins AnnaLynne McCord and Samantha Hoopes at fashion bash Robin Thicke's model girlfriend April Love Geary flashes underboob and her peachy posterior in a VERY skimpy white swimsuit  Who's that boy? Paris Jackson enjoys casual date with handsome mystery man as they eat fried chicken in NYC She was spotted in Harlem with her date  Bella Hadid shares a steamy shot of her herself relaxing in a nude swimsuit on Jamaica getaway... before uploading racy topless image Coco Austin enjoys naptime snuggle with baby Chanel and reveals she is 'still going strong' with breastfeeding at 15 months No raining on her parade! Camilla is all smiles on a drizzly day in eastern England as she joins school children in the kitchen to decorate cupcakes   Slam dunk! Casually clad Daisy Ridley gets into the spirit of things as she puts on a high energy display while enjoying Clippers-Lakers game in LA New hair, don't care! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi trades her platinum blonde locks for new raven hairdo in busty selfie Cheeky Fox! Megan highlights her behind in latex and spike heels for Frederick's Of Hollywood lingerie ad The mom-of-three wowed in sultry outfit 'So mesmerized by your body': Gwen Stefani praises hunky singer on The Voice as her beau Blake Shelton looks on Country star's reaction was priceless 'Happy place': Emily Ratajkowski flashes her eye-popping cleavage in bandeau bikini as she continues blissful Mexican break Topping up her tan Proud papa! Moonlight star Mahershala Ali shares precious new photo of baby daughter Bari who was born just four days before his historic Oscar win Her little cub! Kim Kardashian and adorably cute North West, three, sport sweet animal ears as they play around with fun filters on Snapchat Plaid's the way to do it! Paris Jackson keeps it casual in a check shirt and jeans as she steps out in NYC after fried chicken date with a mystery man Stephen Belafonte is spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife Making a splash! Orlando Bloom bravely LEAPS off yacht during luxurious getaway to St. Barts The 40-year-old was spotted with a pal EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm back, b*****s': Lindsay Lohan set to make explosive return to TV... as trailer for new social media reality series is leaked online 'Go girl! Do your thing!' Noah Cyrus defends her sister Miley's scantily clad X-rated stage shenanigans as she embarks on her own singing career Glee star Lauren Potter looks lovely in blue leopard print dress as she celebrates World Down Syndrome Day with movie screening  She has a new beau! Elizabeth Olsen can't wipe the smile off her face as she's pictured holding hands with new musician beau Robbie Arnett in NYC Family man! Doting dad Ben Affleck spends quality time with daughters Violet and Seraphina   Enjoying family time since rehab revelation  Proud new parents! The Walking Dead's Steven Yeun and new bride Joana Pak have welcomed their first baby Louis Tomlinson is spotted with girlfriend Eleanor Calder for first time since airport altercation... days before he is due to appear in LA court on assault charge In control! Paula Patton gets behind the wheel as she films new TV show on location in Vancouver The actress, 41, is getting back to work  iHeart attack! Demi Lovato headlines charity concert for Musicians On Call honoring radio host Elvis Duran in New York City after nudes leaked in hack It's all in the facial expressions! Alec Baldwin hilariously teaches a 12-year-old reporter how to impersonate Donald Trump Beam him OUT! William Shatner starts campaign on Twitter to 'knock' Bachelor Nick Viall out of DWTS competition 'I wanted the world to know': Family of Selena Quintanilla remember Tejano star on 20th anniversary of biopic Was memorialized by Jennifer Lopez in 1995 Ageless beauty! Original Charlie's Angel Jaclyn Smith gets herself 'glammed up' for Kmart photo shoot Keith Urban reveals he once flew from the States to see his then-pregnant wife Nicole Kidman in Australia for just FIVE hours Daddy's girl! Ashton Kutcher buys a hot pink lunch box for his daughter Wyatt, two, during errands run in LA The movie star looked every bit the doting father Plastic fantastic! Iggy Azalea twerks in latex boots and lingerie as she releases raunchy teaser for her new single Mo Bounce  Ridin' Solo no more! Jason Derulo reveals he has a secret girlfriend... but won't go public with her after string of high profile splits Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry says she's 'ready to end this chapter of her life' after drama with ex Javi Marroquin She is looking to sort out her issues  Taking her for a ride! Joshua Jackson dashes back to car after lunch... then picks up mystery woman as it pours in Los Angeles  Hitting a fashion high note! American Idol beauties Jordin Sparks and Pia Toscano show off killer curves at benefit bash Stranger fangs: Rita Ora puts her money where her mouth is as she steps out for a night of partying wearing gleaming gold grills  Michael Jackson's brother Jermaine 'made the King of Pop's mother disappear and got her to sign a restraining order against the nephew that cares for her' Kaley Cuoco takes beloved dog Norman to the animal hospital after the announcement that Big Bang Theory is getting signed on for two more seasons Britney Spears shows off flawless figure as she goes bra-less in off-the-shoulder sweater in LA Gave bystanders a glimpse of her tan lines 'We're starting a bromance!' Jake Gyllenhaal reveals producers told him and Ryan Reynolds to 'cut it out' after goofing off on set of sci-fi film Life Her sporty side! Kourtney Kardashian steps out in Adidas tracksuit with a skintight bodysuit while taking son Mason to art class Spotted in Woodland 'She tucked me into bed, kissed me and called me a prince!' Charlie Sheen recalls his strange night with Lindsay Lohan and says he gave her $250k Scarlett Johansson is the picture of confidence in quirky feathered mini dress and studded boots at Ghost In The Shell premiere in Paris Actor Mike Epps' ex Mechelle seeking $109K in monthly child and spousal support amid split She told the court he earns $3.5m a year  Hilary Duff looks snug in cream sweater as she steps out laden with armfuls of clothing in LA The 29-year-old actress was spotted carrying an armful of clothing Rupert Grint reveals he's been secretly moonlighting as Ed Sheeran in hilarious parody video... after admitting he gets mistaken for singer RHOA star Kandi Burruss gets writing credit on Ed Sheeran's Shape Of You after fans spot similarities to TLC's No Scrubs Close comparison  Two words, five syllables! Jessica Chastain takes on Joe Manganiello in a game of charades on Tonight Show TV or film? Today's headlines Most Read The incredible survival story of woman who ran out of gas near the Grand Canyon and used her wits to stay... American man who was on a tour of Europe is named as victim of London terror attack that also left his wife... BREAKING NEWS: Man arrested after trying to drive a car into a crowd on a busy shopping street in Antwerp BREAKING NEWS: ISIS claims responsibility for London attack - as PM reveals killer was British-born jihadist... 'My thoughts, prayers and deepest sympathy are with all those who have been affected': Queen pays tribute to... 'My life has completely fallen apart': Husband's grief after his wife was murdered on Westminster Bridge in... 'They will not silence our democracy': PM vows defiance as House of Commons condemns 'sickening' terror... 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal... Moment Thames cruise ship helps to pluck Romanian tourist from the water after she plunged 20ft to safety  Terrorist on the rampage: Chilling footage shows London terror attacker’s car speeding along the pavement of... 'Killed on the Death Bridge': How the world's media has reacted to the Westminster atrocity Tears for the hero: MPs weep in the chamber for policeman murdered in London terror attack as former army... French school devastated by London attack with three pupils injured had already lost a former student in the... How heroic Team GB boxing coach jumped over a fence and tried to save police officer killed in London terror... 'There are ground rules…but we have lots of fun': People in open relationships share exactly how they make... Now you're making fried eggs wrong! Secret hack reveals how to get them perfectly crispy (and the key is... 'We were fortunate enough to have two uteruses': Transgender MAN gives birth to his own daughter after his... Tragedy as mom, 30, beats cervical cancer during pregnancy only to die from heart failure one day after... 'I'm president and you're not' Trump tells his critics in Time magazine interview  Now anonymous government officials accuse Trump aides of giving Russians the 'thumbs up' for election hacks:... Revealed: U.S. investigating Paul Manafort's offshore banking transactions through Cyprus as part of federal... EXCLUSIVE: From Sand Lake to Twin Peaks - How one woman's grisly unsolved murder in 1908 inspired the 90s... American-Israeli teenager, 19, is arrested for making hoax bomb threats against US Jewish Community Centers  ISIS burns three women who refused to slaughter their neighbours as they fled Mosul Food up the walls, seats broken and glass smashed: Inside the private jet that plunged 10,000ft after being... Taliban captures crucial city of Sangin where almost a quarter of British troops who died during Afghan... Manhattan real estate broker 'left her 67-year-old boyfriend lying in his own filth for a WEEK after he fell... Parents 'murdered their nine-year-old son and then staged the scene to make it look like their TODDLER... Are your cosmetics AGEING you? Beauty guru shares the tricks to youthful make up - as she sheds years off... MORE HEADLINES The hero of Westminster: Policeman stabbed to death by terrorist is named as death toll rises to FIVE with 40 injured including French students and Korean tourists Terrorist on the rampage: Chilling footage shows London terror attacker’s car speeding along the pavement of Westminster Bridge as one terrified woman PLUNGES into the River Thames EXCLUSIVE: Married with Children star Katey Sagal opens up about 15-year drug addiction, on-and-off affair with 'weird' KISS rocker Gene Simmons and her unrelenting obsession with weight loss in explosive new memoir Police scramble to south London tube station as capital is placed on high terror alert  Scandal on the slopes: Young Ivanka Trump was found hiding out in a boy's hotel room during Aspen family ski trip after Donald reported her missing to police Trump claims he's been 'somewhat' vindicated after Republican intel committee chair says the Obama administration WAS eavesdropping - and may even have picked up his PERSONAL calls Welcome to London: We can say we’re not afraid, light candles and make hearts of our hands but the truth is that we can’t go on like this, says KATIE HOPKINS  'You have to be kidding me?!': Donald Trump Jr reacts to London terror attacks by re-tweeting six-month-old interview in which Mayor Sadiq Khan said such incidents are 'part and parcel' of living in a big city 'A guy was shouting his wife had jumped into the Thames': Eyewitnesses reveal horror of attack  How heroic Team GB boxing coach jumped over a fence and tried to save police officer killed in London terror attack as stories emerge of how brave strangers helped stricken victims 'My life has completely fallen apart': Husband's grief after his wife was murdered on Westminster Bridge in London terror attack on the way to pick up their children from school  Face of the Westminster attacker: Dramatic moment dying knifeman is stretchered away after being shot by police - as it's revealed his car was a £32,000 4x4 Hyundai registered to affluent Essex area Shocking video shows Cash Me Ousside girl fighting with her mother at their Florida home which police have visited more than 50 times in a year EXCLUSIVE: Hillary Clinton waxed nostalgic about her childhood visits to Scranton in a recent speech, but the Rodham cottage often flooded and filled with silt, her great uncle was a crooked councilman and an aunt was madam of the town brothel  BREAKING NEWS: ISIS claims responsibility for London attack - as PM reveals killer was British-born jihadist who was probed by MI5 'some years ago' over links to 'violent extremism'  The incredible survival story of woman who ran out of gas near the Grand Canyon and used her wits to stay alive while she was stranded for FIVE DAYS Dramatic videos capture the moment three shots are fired and people run screaming for their lives as a car mows down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in London terror attack How one open gate let knife maniac in to kill: Police facing serious questions over how knife-wielding terrorist was able to enter Parliamentary estate It's a lawsuit! Father-to-be Josh Duggar gets a special delivery as disgraced reality star is served with a summons after stealing a man's image and using it for his online dating profiles Now anonymous government officials accuse Trump aides of giving Russians the 'thumbs up' for election hacks: New claim in growing feud over Obama administration 'snooping' on Donald Man, 24, who raped a 15-year-old girl and carved his initials into her body before fatally stabbing her in the face 80 times is sentenced to death EXCLUSIVE - Love is in the air: Ivanka Trump drops the kids at ski school and sneaks off to join husband Jared Kushner for an early morning ski run followed by a romantic stroll in Aspen The moment hero passers-by save cop as he is beaten by two motorbikers after dramatic crash during high-speed chase ‘I tried to save him… he’d lost too much blood’: MP whose brother died in Bali attack tells of his battle to save stricken Parliament policeman US Coast Guard search for Florida man, 23, who fell overboard from the eighth deck of Carnival cruise ship off the coast of Cuba  EXCLUSIVE: It's A Family Affair as Mary J. Blige's soon-to-be ex demands $110,000 a month to fund his lavish lifestyle including a private chef and another $10,000 for HIS parents and kids from a past relationship 'This is what's wrong with modern society': Passer-by 'stops to take a SELFIE' in front of victims of the Westminster terror attack  'The Thin Blue Line just got thinner': Tributes pour in for slain police officer as world unites in prayers for London with #wearenotafraid Westminster tube icon  London on high alert: Police urge public to keep off streets of capital as they issue list of NO GO AREAS following Parliament terror attack  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: up to 25% off Amazon devices, iTunes movies under $10,... Let’s Talk iOS 179: Not just a virtual or augmented reality The top stories of the week on iDB The best smart scales   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple phases out iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 2 By Christian Zibreg, Mar 21, 2017 Tweet 6 Comments Apple today bid farewell to both the 9.7-inch iPad Air 2 model and its smaller, older brother—the 7.9-inch iPad mini 2. As of today, neither iPad Air 2 nor iPad mini 2 are available to purchase from Apple. Earlier this morning, the Cupertino firm announced a new 9.7-inch tablet model, called simply iPad. Simultaneously, the company phased-out the 32-gigabyte edition of iPad mini 4 while giving the iPad mini 4 lineup twice the storage without increasing prices. The iPad lineup is now a lot cleaner than before: iPad—Apple’s “new” non-Pro, low-cost 9.7-inch iPad iPad Pro—the “pro” tablet, available in 12.9 and 9.7-inch varieties iPad mini 4—$5 says it’ll be phased out by this time next year The discontinuation of the aging iPad mini 2 couldn’t have come sooner. Originally marketed as “iPad mini with Retina display”, it was unveiled in October 2013. iPad mini 2 had a design almost identical to the original model, with internal revisions such as Apple’s first-generation 64-bit A7 chip, a 7.9-inch 2,048-by-1,536 pixel resolution Retina screen and other hardware features like its larger sibling, iPad Air. Space Gray and Silver finishes were added to the iPad mini 2 lineup in November 2013. iPad mini 2’s successor, iPad mini 3, was unveiled in October. It had exactly the same hardware like iPad mini 2 while adding Touch ID, differing storage sizes and an additional Gold color option. Starting today, iPad mini 2 is no longer available for purchase following Apple’s announcement of the low-cost, 9.7-inch, seventh-generation iPad model replacing the also-discontinued iPad Air 2. Speaking of which, iPad Air 2 was unveiled at a press event in October 2014. Starting at $499, it was marketed with the “Change Is in the Air” tagline and landed on store shelves on October 22, 2014. Filing as Apple’s sixth-generation tablet, iPad Air 2 was thinner and faster than the original iPad Air thanks to Apple’s second-generation 64-bit A8X chip. It came outfitted with the Touch ID sensor, a 9.7-inch 2,048-by-1,536 pixel resolution Retina screen and more. As mentioned, iPad mini 4 now offers twice the storage for the same price, starting at $399 for the 128GB Wi-Fi model and $529 for the 128GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. The device comes in Silver, Gold and Space Gray and can be purchased via apple.com and at Apple’s retail stores. Your thoughts on the new, cleaner iPad lineup? Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Alleged ‘iPad mini 4’ shown in new leak with design closer to iPad Air 2 Ten ways iPad Air 2 is better than iPad mini 3 Apple announces new $329 9.7-inch iPad, replacing iPad Air 2 & launching this Friday Rumor: Apple’s next iPad mini will be shrunken version of iPad Air 2 Related Topics Apple, iPad, iPad Air, iPad Air 2, iPad Mini, iPad mini 2, News Jamessmooth These were good moves for Apple, but I’m still disappointed… none of these announcements were for me. White Michael Jackson No internal/external upgrades for the ipad mini 4 other then a larger hard drive? ShawnTXDFW I was kind of upset nothing was done with the iPad Pro 12.9 inch model. Why would damn near everything else get an upgrade?! Not to mention Red AirPods might’ve been a nice inclusion as well. Felipe Queiroz Drumond …and one more thing (1) : iPad Mini 4 now has a revolutionary storage capacity! My thoughts? Very disapoiting… Blip dude Hmm, so much for upgrades, ehh. Not surprised, their peak is usually in the fall so I’m not surprised by these “upgrades” at all. Natalie I love it how people are disappointed over a unannounced/silent slight hardware revision. Like dude, they aren’t going to silently announce and 10K iMac or anything are they -_- Are you all morons? Look at it this way. These upgrades are stuff that literally takes 20 min during a keynote, which now will not happen! This is more than likely foreshadowing 1 or 2 big hardware revisions as WWDC later this year.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to view the HTML source code of a web page on iOS or Mac How to change the default search scope in Finder MaskMe10 lets you mask notifications based on keywords or specific names This charging cable is like MagSafe for your iPhone Apple acquires powerful automation app Workflow   The latest jailbreak news MaskMe10 lets you mask notifications based on keywords or specific names Home Depot 32-bit jailbreak update released Choose the default email app on your iPhone with MailClientDefault10 NotifyCensored lets you hide notification banner content on a per-app basis This tweak prevents the passcode screen from appearing after every respring iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Apple Valley: Town Manager to retire July 30 Tuesday Mar 21, 2017 at 1:21 PM Mar 21, 2017 at 5:06 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — After nearly a decade as the town’s top employee, Frank Robinson has announced he will retire this summer, a decision that comes a year ahead of his initial plans. Robinson’s announcement came Tuesday — to management staff during a morning meeting and to the public via a written statement released thereafter — and he cited a need to return to his home state of Texas as a deciding factor. According to the statement, Robinson’s wife, Lisa, recently returned to Texas to provide care for her mother. “It was a very hard decision,” Robinson said in the statement. “Lisa and I fell in love with Apple Valley when we moved here, and we’ve been blessed to make it our home for the past nine years. I’ve woven myself into the fabric of the community and made lifelong friends. But my assistance is needed in Texas, and as I’ve always believed, family comes first.” Robinson’s tentative last day is set for July 30, the statement shows. The Town Council will likely appoint an interim manager while a national search is conducted for a permanent replacement. In the statement, Mayor Pro Tem Art Bishop said Robinson will help during the transition to ensure ongoing town initiatives — like the acquisition of Liberty Utilities’ water system — are not affected. “The water acquisition is something we as a Council began pursuing in response to public outrage over water rates,” Bishop said. “That hasn’t changed, and we remain committed to bringing local, community control to our water system.” Robinson, 66, took over the town manager position on July 10, 2008, from current Victorville Mayor Pro Tem Jim Cox, who served the town as interim manager following the unexpected firing of Bruce Williams in September 2007. At the time of his hiring, Robinson’s reported salary was roughly $206,000 per year, according to a previous Daily Press report. Town spokeswoman Kathie Martin, on Tuesday, said Robinson’s current salary is $20,545 per month, which equates to approximately $246,500 per year, before taxes and not including bonuses and benefits. His retirement will end a distinguished tenure in Apple Valley that includes innovations in economic development, new levels of regional cooperation and steady fiscal growth in the face of one of the most challenging eras ever for California municipalities, according to the statement. Mayor Scott Nassif said the town has been “extremely fortunate to have a town manager with the leadership and vision Frank has provided” amid that aforementioned “challenging era.” “I’m not sure people realize how challenging the past decade has been for cities and towns in California, through the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression, the loss of redevelopment financing and the struggle to come up with new revenue streams,” Nassif said. “As a Council member and mayor, I have leaned on Frank’s expertise and wisdom not only in getting us through this difficult period, but positioning us for the future.” An International City/County Management Association Credentialed Manager with 31 years of experience in public administration, Robinson spent 14 years as president and township manager of the Woodlands Township in Texas before setting his sights on Apple Valley. Before taking that position, Robinson served as director of operations for the Greater Greenspoint Management District in Houston, according to a previous Daily Press report. He also served as a police officer in Denton, Texas. In 2015, Robinson’s achievements in municipal government earned him the Larry Chimbole Public Service Award from the League of California Cities’ Desert/Mountain Region, the statement shows. He was nominated by city managers of four nearby communities, who lauded his “exemplary community spirit and inclusiveness.” Councilman Curt Emick said Apple Valley is a better community thanks to Robinson's leadership. “I admire his decision to put family first," Emick said. "He and Lisa left an extraordinary mark on our community, and I look forward to our paths crossing down the line.” Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Hackers Threaten to Remotely Wipe iPhones Unless Apple Pays Ransom Apple Acquires Workflow Automation App for iOS, Makes It Available for Free [Download] Super Mario Run 2.0 Released for iOS With New Characters, Buildings, Courses, More Check Out This Unboxing of the New RED iPhone 7 [Video] Apple Announces RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus  Apple Unveils New 9.7-inch iPad for $329 Google Photos App Updated With Faster Backup and Sharing Twelve South HiRise Stand for iPhone/iPad On Sale for 51% Off [Deal] iPhone 8 May Have Ability to Isolate Objects in Images, Change Depth of Photos [Report] Siri and Alexa Battle for Control of Marriott Hotel Rooms A Look at How Apple Devices Are Being Used at British Airways and Capital One [Video] Google Announces Real-time Location Sharing From Google Maps [Video] Samsung Announces Bixby, Its New 'Intelligence Interface' for the Galaxy S8 and Other Devices August Smart Lock With HomeKit Support On Sale for 20% Off [Deal] Man Dies After Taking a Bath With Charging iPhone The Online Apple Store is Going Down Tonight Ahead of Rumored iPad Updates iPhone 6s Tops List of Best Selling Smartphones in 2016 [Chart] Apple Has Discontinued the iPad Mini 2 Apple Releases iTunes 12.6: 'Rent Once, Watch Anywhere' [Download] These are Apple's New iPhone Case Colors [Images] A Look at How Apple Devices Are Being Used at British Airways and Capital One [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted March 21, 2017 at 7:50pm by iClarified · 4691 views · Translate Apple has posted two new videos that offer a look at how British Airways and Capital One are integrating Apple devices into their businesses. Today’s business world has never been more mobile. So we create products that give employees everything they need to be productive, wherever they are. iOS powers those products. It’s a secure platform for customized apps, as well as the hundreds of thousands of apps on the App Store that can help your team get more done, stay connected, and share ideas. Take a look at the videos below! British Airways: Improving customer service with custom iOS apps. Capital One: Integrating Apple products to help make the workplace more nimble. Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment ronny - March 21, 2017 at 10:35pm Pretty cool. I have a capital one card and their apps are solid Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Hackers Threaten to Remotely Wipe iPhones Unless Apple Pays Ransom Apple Acquires Workflow Automation App for iOS, Makes It Available for Free [Download] Super Mario Run 2.0 Released for iOS With New Characters, Buildings, Courses, More Check Out This Unboxing of the New RED iPhone 7 [Video] Apple Announces RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus  Apple Unveils New 9.7-inch iPad for $329 Google Photos App Updated With Faster Backup and Sharing Twelve South HiRise Stand for iPhone/iPad On Sale for 51% Off [Deal] iPhone 8 May Have Ability to Isolate Objects in Images, Change Depth of Photos [Report] Siri and Alexa Battle for Control of Marriott Hotel Rooms A Look at How Apple Devices Are Being Used at British Airways and Capital One [Video] Google Announces Real-time Location Sharing From Google Maps [Video] Samsung Announces Bixby, Its New 'Intelligence Interface' for the Galaxy S8 and Other Devices August Smart Lock With HomeKit Support On Sale for 20% Off [Deal] Man Dies After Taking a Bath With Charging iPhone The Online Apple Store is Going Down Tonight Ahead of Rumored iPad Updates iPhone 6s Tops List of Best Selling Smartphones in 2016 [Chart] Apple Has Discontinued the iPad Mini 2 Apple Releases iTunes 12.6: 'Rent Once, Watch Anywhere' [Download] These are Apple's New iPhone Case Colors [Images] Apple Drops Price of 128GB iPad Mini 4 to $399, Discontinues 32GB Model LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted March 21, 2017 at 5:45pm by iClarified · 3056 views · Translate Apple has dropped the price of the 128GB iPad mini 4 to $399 and discontinued the 32GB model. The update comes following Apple's announcement of a new 9.7-inch iPad starting at just $329. The company has also announced a RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, new Apple Watch bands, an iPhone SE with more storage, a new Clips app, and more languages for Swift Playground. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out16:55 GMT +323 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Belgium Police Prevent Terrorist Attack in Antwerp 'Dark Matter': Wikileaks Releases New Batch of 'Vault-7' on CIA Hacking Techniques Hackers Demand Ransom From Apple Threatening to Erase Data From 300Mln Accounts © Photo: Pixabay Tech 23:29 21.03.2017Get short URL 668333 A hacking group threatens to wipe data from over 300 million Apple devices unless the US technology giant pays a ransom, the Motherboard news portal reported Tuesday. © Photo: Pixabay Former US Vice President Gore Sells $29Mln in Apple StockMOSCOW (Sputnik) — The hackers identified as "Turkish Crime Family" demanded Apple to pay $75,000 in crypto-currencies or $100,000 worth of iTunes gift cards by April 7. Otherwise they would remotely reset 300 million Apple email accounts they allegedly have access to, the outlet said. "I just want my money and thought this would be an interesting report that a lot of Apple customers would be interested in reading and hearing," a hacker told the media portal. The hackers provided the Motherboard with screenshots of emails they had exchanged with the Apple security service. The group also uploaded a YouTube video demonstrating gaining an access to one of the allegedly hacked accounts. In March, the whistleblowing organization WikiLeaks presented a report on US Central Intelligence Agency's (CIA) use of security holes in devices, which enumerated a number of security vulnerabilities in the Apple products. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 33 Related: Lawsuit Demands Apple Holds All iPhone Sales Over Texting While Driving Feature "Made in USA": Is It Possible for Apple to Stop Manufacturing iPhone in China? Apple of Discord: Who Will Get iPhone Maker Production Line After All? Tags: ransom, hacker, Apple, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Alan Reid 23:35 21.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete What a retarded story... 100 k in itunes gift cards? Or a discount in bitcoin? Who writes this dung. Reply cage123auin reply toAlan Reid(Show commentHide comment) 00:08 22.03.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete Alan Reid, Most likely originated at Apple and pushed by the likes of CNN, MSNBC, ABC, you get the idea. Reply Alan Reid 01:40 22.03.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete It's an incitement trick, sow a seed in some morons brain to not only do a hack but to ask for a ransom in traceable and cancelable gift cards or crypto currency. Why anyone would think that some geek would have access to 300 million Apple accounts and a means to hose those accounts would only think to ask for some gift cards or bitcoin is beyond me. Only cops are this stupid. so it's a obvious game to draw in some moron thinking that there might be a profit. Simply the lamest thing i have seen for some time. Reply Воин Светаin reply toAlan Reid(Show commentHide comment) 03:10 22.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Alan Reid, You've got a good point there, it did seem strange. The $13billion they owe in unpaid taxes would have been much nearer the mark. Reply Alan Reid 03:48 22.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Another angle is this.. Sandy hook was an operation to make you think the government was coming to get your guns, When in fact it was to drive you out to the gun store with that credit card and indebted yourself for a very expensive gun.. This could be seen in a very simmilar light..But instead of a flood of gun purchases perhaps the aim is a clamor for a patch or fix that everyone will scream for, intended to move out some new gear they thought up and want to deploy on a very large scale hence the 300 million claims. Reply Alan Reid 05:47 23.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Don't ya just love how they upped the account number to 559 million?Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 16:50Russian Agricultural Watchdog Asks Egypt to Explain Grain Quality Gripe 16:48Using Situation With N Korea to Gain Military Advantage 'Unacceptable' – Moscow 16:48Lockdown London: How British Security Services Plan for Attack 16:40Russia Plans to Create Advanced Air Defense System 16:38Moscow Considers Claims of Coordination Against Clinton ‘Political Blackmail’All news Iranian Sea Vessels Greet US Aircraft Carrier in Strait of Hormuz 11855 Billionaire David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 11040 This is Why Crimea is Russia's 'Unsinkable Aircraft Carrier' in the Black Sea 8252 Westminster Attack in London: Live Updates 8184 Russia-China S-400 Deal and Other Defense Agreements Unnerve Washington 8113All news Dozen Most Insane Statements From US Congress’ Hearing on ‘Russian Spying’ 47 Israel Vows to Continue Launching Airstrikes on Targets in Syria 39 Israeli Threats to Destroy Syria’s Air Defense Aimed at 'Advancing Own Interest' 38 Why Israel is 'Deeply Interested' in Continuation of Syrian War 37 Seven Nations to Join Israel in Biggest Air Drill in Country’s History 35All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Top Ten Best and Worst Places to Live in 2017 So Much for 'European Values'... Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Fuse everything! Fusing the Mac, or slipping a LITTLE ARM inside The Pixel Project Comic: Those Mac to School Blues Apple history New CPU architecture, who dis? Big win Intel modems may be inside some of Apple's next iPhones Big changes Intel to alay off 12,000 employees < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Shop: Insanely Cheap Wireless Plans Intel missed the smartphone revolution — they're making sure not to miss self-driving cars too By Derek Kessler Friday, Mar 17, 2017 at 9:01 am EDT 0 Comments Derek Kessler is Managing Editor of Tesla Central and Special Projects Manager for Mobile Nations. He's been writing about tech since 2009, has far too many phones, and got a Tesla because it was the biggest gadget he could find. You can follow him on Twitter at @derekakessler. Intel lost the war for mobile silicon before they even realized it had started. With their purchase of Mobileye they're fighting to not miss out on self-driving cars too. Odds are good your computer has an Intel processor inside. Intel dominated the early years of the personal computer boom and has dominated ever since, despite chief rival AMD's best efforts. But the PC is dead, or at least has one foot in the grave. Sales are falling year after year as more and more people turn to mobile devices powered by ARM-based chips made by Qualcomm and Huawei and Samsung and Apple. ARM chips are even starting to encroach on the PC business and servers, threatening to pull Intel's bottom line out from under them. Intel missed the mobile boat. Big time. Their chips were never able to match Qualcomm's Snapdragon processors or Apple's in-house A-series chips in terms of performance, efficiency, or price. There's no chance left for Intel in mobile — they tried, they failed, and they've acknowledged as much. But Intel's a big company with huge assets and many shareholders that would prefer the company continue to operate, be relevant, and turn profits. So what's Intel to do? They're turning to the next big computing revolution: autonomous cars, through their purchase of Mobileye. Autonomous driving is just starting to heat up, and it's going to be a driving force in growth for both the automotive sector and in technology for years to come. There's a reason that everybody from Apple and Google to Tesla and Ford is investing billions in autonomy: there are billions and billions more to be made. But we're in the earliest days of it right now, and that's where Intel's opportunity lies, and where they've been working relatively quietly for the past few years. No company produces the components for self-driving cars entirely in house. The cameras, radars, lidars, sensors, processors, software, and controllers are all sourced from a variety of vendors. Some manufacturers, like Tesla, have demonstrated an aptitude for pulling together these technologies in innovative and exciting ways that push the boundaries of technology, comfort, and the law. Tesla advertises their new cars as being fully equipped to handle full self-driving someday, once the software is complete. The eight cameras, 12 ultrasonic sensors, and radar all feed into an NVIDIA Drive PX 2 — a computing system designed and built by NVIDIA for the express purpose of autonomous driving. Intel missed the mobile boat. Big time. They'll be damned if they miss autonomous driving too. NVIDIA has separately partnered with automotive parts supplier Bosch to build their own "AI car computer system" capable of self-driving. This system will be sold to car manufacturers; it won't quite be plug-and-play, but more capable and powerful than what the typical automotive manufacturer will be able to produce. Tesla's first generation of Autopilot hardware was simpler, with just one camera looking forward. It was capable of basic lane and distance keeping as well as slightly more advanced lane changing. That system was designed and built in conjunction with Mobileye, though the partnership fell apart on Tesla's desire for more data from the camera that Mobileye could not or would not provide. So while Tesla is going their own way and building a new Autopilot software suite and dataset from scratch, Intel is following the route of NVIDIA and Bosch to eventually offer their own comprehensive self-driving hardware system with their acquisition of Mobileye. Self-driving cars require a few things. One is full and redundant environmental awareness. Tesla's cars are equipped with multiple overlapping cameras, sensors, and radar. Google's self-driving test cars are equipped with cameras and lidar. The self-driving cars that Uber is testing are decked out with a veritable cornucopia of sensors. All of that means there's a huge amount of data flowing to the computer to the processed, and it needs to be processed accurately, smartly, and quickly. This means you need massive computing power. While power efficiency in that computer would be appreciated, in the end it's the raw processing power that's far more important, and if there's anything that Intel is good at, it's making processors that are powerful. With enormous power reserves on tap, the self-driving car plays to Intel's strengths far more than mobile ever could. The $15 billion purchase of Mobileye pulls together a company with expertise in the hardware and software of self driving and a Silicon Valley behemoth with the chips that can power it and the coffers to accelerate those efforts. Smartphones have become a $500-billion-a-year business in less than a decade. Automotive has been an enormous industry for decades and its stability is about to be rocked by the advent of autonomy. By snapping up a leader in the nascent autonomous driving tech industry, Intel is positioning themselves to take advantage of the coming changes. Intel missed out on mobile. They'll be damned if they miss out on self-driving cars too. 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
23ABC News Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Weather Radar Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Weather Alerts El Niño Weather Cams News + Morning Trends Made In Kern County Local Breaking Silence Tracking Terrorism State US | World News Slideshows Irresistible Financial Fitness Zone Politics Newsy Videos DecodeDC Traffic + Gas Prices Drive Times Traffic Cameras Entertainment + Contests Oscars Right This Minute METV Bakersfield Crosswords The List Sudoku Who Wants To Be A Millionaire Lifestyle + At The Table Staying Healthy Family Education Community Calendar The Chew Marketplace + Help For The Holidays Money California Lottery Results ShopSmart Sports + Local Sports Student Athletes 23FNL College Basketball About Us + Newstips Staff Bios TV Listings Advertise 23ABC Jobs Contact Us RSS Support Newsletters Video + Live Video ABC News Live Video Current 49 Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 63° LO: 48° HI: 63° LO: 48° HI: 63° LO: 48° More Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences See Apple's new special-edition red iPhone 7 Purchases raise money for HIV/AIDS programs CNN 6:13 AM, Mar 21, 2017 12:28 PM, Mar 21, 2017 Share Article Apple's new special-edition red iPhone 7 is shown in this promotional image. Purchases of the model contribute to global HIV/AIDS programs. Apple.com Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- A surprise new iPhone is here -- and it's red. Apple unveiled Tuesday a special red version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, to commemorate the 10-year partnership between the tech giant and Red, an organization that helps fights AIDS. The special edition iPhones, which feature a red aluminum body, will come in 128GB and 256GB models starting at $749. The red phones will be available in stores and online starting Friday for a "limited" time, though Apple declined to provide specific details about the timeframe. RELATED VIDEO: Apple's new Clips app makes shareable videos     Apple also would not share how much money will be donated to Red through the sales of these special iPhones. Overall, Apple said, it has contributed more than $130 million as part of its partnership with Red, making the company the world's largest corporate donor to the Global Fund to fight AIDS. The red iPhones were part of a batch of Apple announcements on Tuesday. The company unveiled a new 9.7-inch iPad with a "brighter" Retina display, which will start at $329 for a 32GB model -- the company's lowest price for a new iPad to date. Apple also announced Clips, a new standalone app that lets users create videos designed to share on social networks like Facebook and Instagram. Apple sold 78.3 million iPhones in its most recent quarter, which was a record high. The company attributed the increase to strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus. Still, in fiscal 2016 Apple's annual sales declined for the first time since 2001 -- in large part because iPhone sales dropped in three straight quarters. IPhone sales make up the majority of Apple's business, and some analysts are concerned the global smartphone market is saturated. Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story US | World News Trump Jr. bashes London mayor in Tweet The mayor's comments were months old and had been published under a misleading headline. Shelter in Costa Rica cares for over 900 dogs Territorio de Zaguates or "Land of Strays" is a no-kill shelter. 4 dead in terror attack near UK's Parliament London's Metropolitan Police Service said they are treating this incident as a terrorist attack until investigators know otherwise. Diving tours of the Titanic wreck set to resume London-based travel company Blue Marble Private is teaming up with OceanGate Expeditions to take tourists down to the wreck in May 2018. More National News Local NewsNational News WeatherSports Entertainment Lifestyle Marketplace Support 23ABC News Advertise with Us Staff Bios Contact Us Station Jobs TV Listings Hearing Impaired Resources Community Calendar IShotIt Let's Ask America The List RSS Feeds Mobile Apps 23ABC News iPhone Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Newsy iPhoneAndroid RokuAmazon Fire TV Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google beat Apple in education, one of its oldest strongholds — but now it's time for round two Kif Leswing Mar. 21, 2017, 4:09 PM 3,707 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Over the past few years, Apple, which was synonymous with educational technology, has seen its foothold in the classroom slip. In 2013, iPhones, iPads, and Macs made up half of devices sold to American classrooms. Now, Apple products are in third place — behind Google's Chromebooks and Microsoft Windows, according to a Futuresource Consulting estimate. Apple's announcement on Tuesday, in which it introduced a new low-cost iPad starting at $329, could change that trend, analysts told Business Insider. Some online joked that Apple should call it the iPad "education edition," partially because it's priced at $70 less than the iPad Air 2 it replaced.   "I’d guess education will play a heavy focus for this product," Futuresource analyst Mike Fisher said. "I think education is a big motivation," Geoff Blaber, vice president of research at CCS Insight, said. "When you’re buying in bulk, price will be a huge factor in education, and that’s where Apple needs to compete more aggressively with Google." The education market is only a fraction of the larger PC and tablet market. But it's seen as important because students who become used to a platform in school might be more likely to continue using the same computers when they graduate. "We’re incredibly passionate about education," Apple's VP of product marketing Susan Prescott told the New York Times earlier this month.  But will a lower price be enough to turn around Apple's fortunes in the classroom?  Futuresource Consulting Buying in bulk Logitech's new iPad case targeted at schools. Logitech Even at $330, or even possibly lower thanks to an educational discount, the new iPad isn't going to be the low-cost option for school districts. But it does represent a better value after the price cut.  "Its obviously positive, but it doesn’t totally overcome the pricing gap," Fisher said. "Apple will remain a ‘premium’ product." After the price cuts, Blaber said, the iPad is "vastly more competitive against Chromebook. But that said, it’s necessary to say that Apple still faces some pretty significant competition." For example, he points out, "with volume, you can get Chromebooks under the $200 price point." 2-in-1 devices running Windows, which can be transform into both a tablet and a laptop could cost less than $300, Fisher said. Apple is unlikely to ever beat low-cost computer makers, especially when Google and Microsoft give their operating systems away for free or for very low cost — which means it'll have to beat its rivals on experience in the classroom.  Another issue facing the iPad is that it doesn't come with a keyboard, which is required by many school districts for standardized tests. It's a trend that once elicited one of the most annoyed public comments from Apple CEO Tim Cook ever: He called Chromebooks mere "test machines" in an interview from 2015. Apple's low-cost iPad doesn't have a keyboard case, unlike its $599 iPad Pro — too expensive for schools — but third-party casemakers are already filling the gap.  Choosy parents choose... iPad? Getty/Mario Tama To get more schools to choose Apple products, Apple has to clearly state the value of the iPad in the classroom — which isn't easy when some teachers have said that iPads "provide no educational function in the classroom."  Apple has clearly been making moves — last year it bought LearnSprout, an education-technology startup. Last summer, it also launched Classroom, software that allows teachers to track an entire classroom on their progress.  And on Tuesday, Apple announced that its acclaimed programming tutorial program, Swift Playgrounds, is newly available in five new languages. Apple has also been running Apple Teacher, a program to train teachers how to best use Apple products in the classroom.  Even that might not be enough though, analysts say. Google has similar classroom software, and it's easier to manage a fleet of Chromebooks. "It's not just about pricing either, it's all about the ecosystem and Google ecosystem has just gained real momentum," Fisher said, pointing to software like GSuite, Google Classroom, and its management console. "To a large extent globally, rather than just the US, there’s still an awful lot of experimentation for schools, and in education broadly, to get a grasp on which OS is most appropriate," Blaber said. "The base level, both [iPads and Chromebooks] are very competitive. It's also worth noting that Windows has had excellent classroom and fleet management tools for years.  It's also possible that iPads may make inroads into school districts that don't issue their students laptops, but rather let them choose their own.  "Apple is getting pretty aggressive with iPad pricing. Smart and offering a direct to .edu price at $299 is a shot at Chromebooks," Creative Strategies analyst Ben Bajarin tweeted. "[Bring your own device] in lower education grades is a growing trend. New iPad pricing makes this an interesting choice for parents vs. Chromebooks." Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Apple needs to be careful they don’t dilute the value proposition of the iPad Pro More: Apple iPad Google ChromeBook Chromebooks Education classroom Schools facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google beat Apple in education, one of its oldest strongholds — but now it's time for round two Google beat Apple in education, one of its oldest strongholds — but now it's time for round two Over the past few years, Apple, which was... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . Apple introduces red iPhone for Aids charity, lighter and cheaper iPad Chris Keall Wednesday March 22, 2017 1 Share Play NBR radio on A product refresh from Apple sees a new red option for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. A portion of sales from the new model will go to RED, a global nonprofit fund that operates prevention, treatment and counselling programmes for Aids, with a special focus on eliminating transmission of the virus from mothers to their babies. Apple says it has donated $US130 million so far over its 10-year partnership with RED. At the same time, the company has refreshed its 9.7inch iPad (its mainstay iPad) with a brighter display, a lighter form factor and price cut over its predecessor. The new model is available to New Zealanders on Friday priced from $539 for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model or from $759 for 32GB with Wi-Fi plus cellular. At the same time, Apple has discontinued the iPad Air – or at least stopped using that brand; with the new standard iPad weighing under 500g, it’s essentially eliminated the need for the Air. Apple also bumped up storage on the iPhone SE and the iPad mini 4, while keeping the price the same. The company also introduced Clips today, a new iPhone and iPad app that creates clips that combine videos, photos and music. Clips can be shared via Apple's Messages app, or on Instagram, Facebook and other popular social networks. The tablet market has been flat for Apple and others overall over the past couple of years, though IDC NZ says the company has been picking up the pace recently with its new iPad Pro. IDC also reports that Apple recently regained the lead in smartphone shipments in New Zealand for the first time since 2012. See tech specs for the new models here. Read more from Chris Keall Email Chris: ckeall@nbr.co.nz Follow @@ChrisKeall 1 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. Featured Comment:  "Oh the innovation. Oh my eye" This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Technology Apple Related Articles:  Apple regains top spot in New Zealand smartphone shipments Fri 10 Mar 17 Detachable tablets: iPad, Surface in close tussle for number one in NZ market Thu 2 Mar 17 1 Comment & Question Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by Dave Lane  2 days ago Oh the "innovation"! (Oh my eyes) Reply Share Share   0 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7034 -0.0006 -0.09% AUD 0.9219 0.0039 0.42% EUR 0.6528 0.0003 0.05% GBP 0.5622 -0.0023 -0.41% HKD 5.4634 -0.0040 -0.07% JPY 78.1090 -0.2970 -0.38% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1249.7 4.030 2017-03-22T00: Oil Brent 50.9 -0.350 2017-03-22T00: Oil Nymex 48.0 -0.220 2017-03-22T00: Silver Index 17.6 0.000 2017-03-22T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7074.8 7074.8 7060.8 0.02% NASDAQ 5812.3 5820.5 5821.6 -0.12% DAX 11914.2 11963.1 11904.1 0.19% DJI 20645.1 20672.0 20661.3 -0.04% FTSE 7324.7 7328.3 7324.7 -0.06% HKSE 24381.0 24466.7 24320.4 0.03% NI225 19048.8 19105.1 19041.4 0.23% ASX 5684.5 5708.0 5684.5 0.41% Most Popular Read Government seeks advice on selling fresh water FBI director’s game of high stakes poker with Trump Vodafone selected for GCSB's Cortex malware disruption pilot Maori Party does another deal with National on RMA reform Roy Morgan poll finds National behind Labour/Greens Commented Well, someone's lying: verdict on Hager-Stephenson book Government seeks advice on selling fresh water Crimson Consulting faces liquidation bid over $2250 Labour won’t put any Maori seat MPs on the list Hager book alleges possible war crime by NZ troops in Afghanistan Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Newsroom restructure will be complete 'in next two to three weeks,' TVNZ's Kevin Kenrick expects TeamTalk chairman Roger Sowry on the Grant Samuel valuation ACT leader David Seymour on his and Mr Dunne's rejected RMA offer Catch Group CEO Nati Harpaz thinks the Pumpkin Patch brand hasn't been tarnished by corporate failure Graeme Wheeler does what is expected with the OCR - that is, nothing - and isn’t worried about recent soft GDP numbers Aston Martin chief executive Andy Palmer describes his comeback plan for the luxury British sportscar manufacturer Only available on Previous article Huawei to invest $400m in New Zealand to drive R&D, build data centre Next article Upside Biotechnologies raises $2.3 m in funding round Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Apple introduces red iPhone for Aids charity, lighter and cheaper iPad
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Stadiums Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Stadiums Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects Stadiums FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Stadium Journey Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. Deadliest Blogger Military history from ancient battles to modern warfare. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. Fishulo Where to go and what to use to catch more fish in Canada. YakFishTV Showing the world what kayak fishing is all about. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. The Buck Advisors Expert advice for whitetail deer hunters. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Stadium Journey The authority for stadium reviews, rankings, and ratings. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Forums List Gopher Report Gopher Football Gopher Basketball Football Roster Stories Schedule Team Stats Stadium FB Recruiting Prospects Offers Visits Commits Team Rankings State Rankings Scholarship Chart Basketball Roster Stories Schedule Team Stats Arena BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Scholarship Chart 2017 Offers News All Football FB Recruiting Basketball BK Recruiting Upcoming Events Shop Tickets Join Alex Conover of Prep Hoops Minnesota State Tournament Preview: Gopher perspective Ryan James Tuesday at 12:54 PM Minnesota committed Daniel Oturu and his Cretin-Derham Hall Raiders play Gopher guard target Tre Jones and Apple Valley tomorrow in the first day of the state tournament. GI gets Gopher fans ready for four days of State Tournament Hoops. https://twitter.com/bbeithon/status/842581164137353216 top 2018s Head to Head. Future Minnesota Gopher Daniel Oturu leads a group of excellent juniors to state with a 21-8 record.  The Raiders start four juniors and a sophomore so they had some tough early season losses but now they are playing some of their best basketball having went through the toughest road to state of any Class AAAA team (North St. Paul, East Ridge, and Tartan). Oturu led the state in rebounding and blocked shots this year grabbing over 16 rebounds a contest and blocking 157 attempts in 25 games.  He also averaged 19.6 points per game shooting 68.7 percent from the floor and 68 percent from the foul line.  Along with him is Ryan Larson (13.7 points and 10.8 assists a game), Jake Prince (12.2 points and 6.3 boards), and sophomore Jaeden King (10 points a game). Point guard Tre Jones will likely try and challenge Oturu a few times like he did in early December when Apple Valley beat CDH 79-51.  Jones had 27 points on 11 of 17 shooting plus nine boards and five assists.  Oturu had 11 points, a ridiculous 25 rebounds, five blocks, but also eight turnovers.  Jones is scoring 23.3 points per game this year shooting 55 percent on his 15 attempts a game plus 80 percent at the foul line and 37.6 percent at the arc.  Jones averages 7.4 assists and a shade under ten boards a game plus 3.5 steals. Five Eagles scored between 7 and 10 a game led by junior Luke Martens and his 10.5 a contest. You can expect Richard Pitino, Ben Johnson, and likely others to be front and center for each of the Apple Valley and CDH games.  http://www.scout.com/player/209020-daniel-oturu http://www.scout.com/player/200212-tre-jones http://www.scout.com/player/209019-gabe-kalscheur DeLaSalle Shooter. Another player Minnesota will likely watch three times closely is offered shooting guard Gabe Kalscheur. Gabe is a junior that Minnesota offered last summer.  His DeLaSalle Islander team is a heavy favorite to win their sixth straight state championship. Gabe is averaging 17.5 points, 5.6 rebounds, 2.6 assists, and 2.2 steals a contest.  He’s shooting 45.6 percent from the floor this season on 12-13 shots a game.  Kalscheur has made 36.3 percent of his three point attempts. Leading the Islanders is George Mason signed Goanar Mar who puts up 20.7 points and 9.2 rebounds a game shooting 46 percent from the floor and 42.2 percent from the three-point arc.  Sophomore point guard Tyrell Terry is averaging 8.1 points and 4.5 assists a game.  Terry has been a Gopher guest at games a couple times this year. The Badger Duo. As expected future Badgers Nathan Reuvers and Brad Davison have brought their teams to the state tournament once again (Lakeville North and Maple Grove respectively).   Despite being the two seed at state Maple Grove got the draw against the only team with a losing record (Andover) so they will have it much easier than North.   The Panthers are the four seed and play five seed Wayzata who is playing at state for the first time since 1959. Brad Davison is all time Maple Grove leader in points, assists, steals, free throws made, threes made, charges taken, and wins (94) and is over 2,200 points for his career.  Davison led his team in points (24.9), assists (7.9) and steals (4.6) plus grabbed 7.6 boards a game. Nathan Reuvers is the second all-time leading scorer in school history plus the all- time leading rebounder, all time leading shot blocker, and averages 25.5 points a game with 12.3 rebounds.  Reuvers shot 60 percent from the field this year. http://www.scout.com/player/202237-nathan-reuvers http://www.scout.com/player/203584-brad-davison Young Star at State. Minnehaha Academy freshman phenom Jalen Suggs pushed his young Redhawks team to a 23-5 record and a state tournament appearance.  Suggs already has a Minnesota Gopher offer among several other schools. He scored his 1,000th point in early January of this season. In 22 games played this year Jalen averaged 21.7 points a game with 7.2 rebounds, 5.3 assists, and 3.5 steals.  Suggs shot 49 percent from the floor, 32 percent at the arc, and 72 percent at the foul line. The Redhawks start a couple other freshman in Terry Lockett and Kaden Johnson who have both been guests of Minnesota at Williams Arena this year.  Lockett, a point guard, averaged a dozen points a game while Johnson, a wing, scored nine a game.  Up front D-1 offered JaVonni Bickham has given the Redhawks 14.9 points and 9.3 rebounds a game. http://www.scout.com/player/210770-jalen-suggs Champlin Park.  One of the Best, Ever? The Rebels are undefeated and have pretty much controlled every team in state they’ve played including Apple Valley, Maple Grove, Hopkins, DeLaSalle, and many others.  The next question is, are they one of the greatest teams in the state ever? Their depth doesn’t have the name talent that Hopkins of 2009 did but this Rebels team dominates teams like those Royals were able to.  They have the leading candidate for Player of the Year in McKinley Wright who has signed at Dayton.  Wright gives them 23 points, eight rebounds, and 7.6 assists a game. Around Wright on the wing the Rebels have one of the state’s elite defenders in Marcus Hill (11 points and 6 rebounds a game), an amazing group of shooters in Brian Smith (13 a game), Josiah Strong (9.5 a game), and Bennett Otto, plus worker DJ Hunter (8 a game) and size.  That size is Marquette bound Theo John who puts up 14 points, 8.6 rebounds, and five blocks a contest.  If they ever have foul issues they can go to Chris Davis who doesn’t play much but is still a top 100 prospect in the state at 6-foot-8. http://www.scout.com/player/198967-mckinley-wright http://www.scout.com/player/200853-theo-john   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Oregon Likes to Run; So Does Michigan GI Practice Report: 3/21 AF: A-10 Could Destroy Iranian Attack Boats GI Photo Gallery: March 21st Okonji takes his 1st trip to MN this weekend Share & Embed GI Photo Gallery: March 21st Full Story Gopher Illustrated Top Stories Okonji takes his 1st trip to MN this weekend Georgia defensive lineman Abi Okonji previews his upcoming Minnesota visit with GopherIllustrated. by Ryan Burns Gopher IllustratedYesterday at 10:00 PM Iowa DL Waggoner has definite MN interest Iowa defensive lineman John Waggonner is very intrigued by Minnesota following his visit to campus yesterday, and he spoke about it with GI. by Ryan Burns Gopher IllustratedYesterday at 8:25 AM GI Practice Report: 3/212000 + words from GI publisher Ryan Burns on March 21's spring football practice for the Golden Gophers. by Ryan Burns Gopher IllustratedTuesday at 9:19 PM GI Photo Gallery: March 21stHere's a look at 65 + photos from today's Gopher Football practice, courtesy of Ryan Burns of Gopher Illustrated. by Ryan Burns Gopher IllustratedTuesday at 9:12 PM GI TV: Gophers head coach PJ FleckGophers head coach PJ Fleck addresses the media following Minnesota's spring practice this evening by Ryan Burns Gopher IllustratedTuesday at 7:47 PM Gopher Football Spring Scout: Defensive Backs With no Damarius Travis or Jalen Myrick roaming the secondary for Minnesota this spring, the Gophers need new faces to step up. by Ryan Burns Gopher IllustratedMonday at 8:20 AM RB Edmonds breaks down his MN commitment Georgia running back Nolan Edmonds breaks down his reasons to commit to the Minnesota Golden Gophers with GopherIllustrated by Ryan Burns Gopher IllustratedSaturday at 10:27 PM Gopher Basketball: The Off-Season Outlook Minnesota’s season ended after 34 games on Thursday. It was a fantastic year finishing in the top four of the Big Ten, earning an NCAA Tournament bid, and winning 24 games. So… by Ryan James Gopher IllustratedFriday at 11:07 AM Mid Tenn 81 Minnesota 72: Five Things to Know Minnesota fell to Middle Tennessee State 81-72 in the first round of the NCAA Tournament in Milwaukee this afternoon not getting the guard play that has led them to past victories. by Ryan James Gopher Illustrated03/16/2017 Minnesota in The Dance: Last Words Minnesota and Middle Tennessee tip off in two hours. Here are ten final thoughts from the Gopher players and Richard Pitino. by Ryan James Gopher Illustrated03/16/2017 Middle Tennessee Pregame: The Match-Ups Minnesota and Middle Tennessee are two hours away from tipping off at the NCAA Tournament. Perfect time to run through the match-ups and make a prediction. by Ryan James Gopher Illustrated03/16/2017Load More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Is This The Teaser For Red iPhone 7, 7 Plus? Corazon Victorino International Business TimesMarch 21, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Is Apple really launching a Red color variant for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones? The Cupertino giant is still mum about this, but previous statements made by tech insiders and analysts point to the possibility of welcoming a new color option starting this month. And the proof that this could be real may have just surfaced this week.  On Tuesday, MacRumors spotted what seems to be Apple’s teaser for the Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The Apple-centric news site found the alleged teaser on Chinese phone dealer Taobao’s website. The image posted on the site and shared on Weibo apparently hints at the new color variant since it shows all the existing models alongside one that has been removed from the picture. The missing handset noticeably left red serrations. Moreover, the word “Ready” below the iPhones has been styled in such a way that the letters r, e and d stand out to spell “red.” Red iPhone teaserMore Red iPhone teaser Photo: Weibo/Taobao Since last month, rumors were swirling that Samsung’s biggest rival is preparing a new color variant for its famous iPhone series. Sources even indicated that the introduction of a new color would further improve the sales figures of the current iPhones. Also, the introduction of a Red iPhone is going to be monumental given that all previous generations did not have this type of color to offer.  Japanese blog Mac Otakara was the one to first claim that Apple is hosting a launch event for its new products this March. The Red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are expected to be part of these new products. Aside from a new color variant for the iPhone, several reports are saying that Apple is introducing three new iPad models, a 128GB version of the very successful iPhone SE and new bands for the Apple Watch smartwatches.  In the early hours of Tuesday, Apple’s online store was taken offline for scheduled maintenance. Following which, many jumped into the conclusion that this could already be the sign that Apple is updating its store to showcase its new products to its visitors.  iPhone More Apple could be launching a Red color option for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Photo: Reuters/Shailesh Andrade Related Articles Why Is Apple’s Online Store Down? iPad Pro Launch Rumor Causes Apple Stocks To Surge Meet Giovanni, The Apple Watch Game Boy Emulator Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next This little $8 gadget fixes the Nintendo Switch’s biggest design flaw BGR News Windows 10 keylogger: How to stop Microsoft from tracking everything you type International Business Times Samsung might offer a Galaxy S8 promotion that we’ve never seen before BGR News
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Apple launching new Apple Watch bands, iPhone SE with more storage iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | March 21, 2017 9 shares 7 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0               Apple dropped quite a few new products on us today, including a red iPhone 7, an updated iPad, and Apple Watch and iPhone SE goodies. First up, Apple is launching a new set of Apple Watch bands for spring. These include new Sport bands in Pebble, Azure, and Camellia colors, as well as new Woven Nylon bands in Berry, Tahoe Blue, Orange, Red, Pollen, and Midnight Blue. There are new Classic Buckle bands with an updated buckle design and Sapphire, Berry, and Taupe color options, too. Apple today also announced new Apple Watch Hermès bands in 38mm Double Tour in Bleu Zéphyr Epsom leather, 38mm Double Buckle Cuff in Fauve Barenia leather, 42mm Single Tour in Lime Epsom leather, and 42mm Single Tour in Colvert Swift leather versions. Finally, Apple says that it’s going to start selling its Nike Sport Bands separately from the Nike Apple Watches. These bands will be available in Anthracite/Black, Pure Platinum/White, and Volt/Black color options and feature holes poked in the band to improve breathability. These new Apple Watch bands are available or order from Apple.com beginning today, March 21. Apple today also doubled the storage on the iPhone SE. The built-in storage options for the iPhone SE now include 32GB and 128GB models, with pricing set at $399 and $499, respectively. These iPhone SE models are similar to the original SE phones in every other way. The updated iPhone SE models will be available starting March 24. Source:  Apple (1) (2) iOS Wearables Apple Apple Watch Apple iPhone SE Products mentioned Apple Watch Apple iPhone SE Previous ArticleApple reveals Clips, an app to create fun videos for social networks Next ArticleNew Apple iPad launching on March 24 with updated processor, lower price than iPad Air 2 Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Apple reveals Clips, an app to create fun videos for social networks Google News & Weather app will now give you more headlines if you keep scrolling New Samsung Galaxy S8 leak shows three color options next to each other Google Maps will let you share your real-time location with friends View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Gentle TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Apple AirPods Revisited Marco Hanna 4 days 9 hours ago 3 shares 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 BLU Life One X2 Mini Review Beau Hamilton 5 days 19 hours ago 10 shares 9 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 How To Upgrade RAM On Dell XPS 15 9560 Beau Hamilton 1 week 1 day ago 5 shares 1 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LG Watch Style Review Beau Hamilton 1 week 2 days ago 6 shares 1 3 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 20 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 20 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG V20 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 3 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 8 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 10 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 13 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG V20 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T GoPhone unlimited data AT&T announces LG G6 launch AT&T GoPhone launching new AT&T giving DirecTV Now Android 7.0 updates now rolling LG Phoenix 3 coming soon to AT AT&T launching new Unlimited Sprint News Sprint Direct 2 You phone setup Sprint LG G6 launching on April 7 Cell Phone Deals March 2017 Digest Sprint improving Unlimited Freedom Sprint HTC 10 and AT&T LG G5 Sprint giving HD video streaming SoftBank would give up control of T-Mobile News T-Mobile launching the LG G6 on T-Mobile increases T-Mobile will give you a free T-Mobile will once again offer T-Mobile to offer free line of Do you wait for discounts before T-Mobile planning to increase LTE Verizon Wireless Verizon LG G6 arriving on March 30 Verizon LG G6 pre-order and Verizon now offering data-free Android 7.0 updates now rolling Verizon Galaxy S7 and S7 edge Cell Phone Deals March 2017 Digest Verizon offering up to $500 with PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The new iPad is coming at a time when Apple's tablet business is shrinking Jeff Dunn Mar. 21, 2017, 3:54 PM 4,717 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   Apple launched a new 9.7-inch iPad on Tuesday, the latest entry in its long-running line of tablets. The big news is that it’s affordable: Starting at $329, the new iPad — and it’s just called “iPad” — is among the most inexpensive tablets Apple has ever released. Given that Apple plans to sell the iPad direct to educators for just $299, it also looks to be a counter to Google’s Chromebooks — those low-cost laptops that have swallowed Apple’s market share in U.S. schools, and are now making a renewed push for everyday consumers. That's just one part of a larger decline, though. As this chart from Statista shows, the iPad has become an increasingly small part of Apple’s business. After a big boom early in the decade, the tablet market matured, big-screen smartphones and convertible laptops started to duplicate much of the tablet’s original promise, and many iPad owners realized that what they have doesn’t warrant or require regular upgrades. The result: The iPad falling behind Apple’s Mac and Services segments in terms of total revenue. To be clear, this is still a huge business for Apple that has transformed the PC market, and the new slate seems likely to get many older iPad holdouts to upgrade. But the slowdown helps explain why Apple would launch its latest model through a press release, not a big event. Business Insider/Mike Nudelman/Statista SEE ALSO: Here’s how Apple’s iPhone sales break down by region NOW WATCH: What happens when you eat too much protein Loading video... Follow Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Chart Of The Day Apple iPad Sales Revenue Tech Tablets PC BI Graphics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The new iPad is coming at a time when Apple's tablet business is shrinking The new iPad is coming at a time when Apple's tablet business is shrinking Apple launched a new 9.7-inch iPad on Tuesday... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Cheltenham 2017 Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Apple Technology What is Apple Clips? App offers a new way to share videos on Snapchat and Instagram Apple has unveiled a new video-editing app which could transform the way you share videos  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 10:14, 22 MAR 2017 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextA drone is being built that can hunt down other d Watch this video again Watch Next Apple launches iPhone Red0:36 Man asks his friend to say '108' to Siri0:09 Take a look at Montblanc's first smartwatch0:29 Impressionist Terry Mynott re-enacts some of the 1:26 PC Keith Palmer's colleague and pal opens up on l0:32 The latest hair trend is to dye your roots the co0:31 Eden Channel 4 trailer0:40 Video will play in  Apple's new 'Clips' app lets you create animated videos Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple has launched a new app called Clips that offers a new way to create and share videos on social media. The app lets users add animations, Prisma-style filters and other effects to their video clips, and combine them with photos and music, without the need for complicated editing tools. To create Clips videos, users simply touch and hold the "record" button to shoot video or photos or add them from the photo library. They can then add filters, speech bubbles, shapes or emoji, as well as full-screen posters with animated backgrounds and customisable text. Apple is providing dozens of music soundtracks to add to the Clips videos, which automatically adjust to match the length of a video. The app also includes a feature called Live Titles, which lets users create animated captions and speech bubbles using just their voice. Read More Red iPhone 7 release date and price revealed as Apple teams up with AIDS charity for new colour option Captions are generated automatically as a user speaks, and appear on screen synced with the user's voice. Users can tap any title to adjust text and punctuation, or even add inline emoji. The Live Titles feature supports 36 different languages, according to Apple. The videos are designed to be shared through Apple's Messages app, or on social networks such as Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and Vimeo. Read More Apple has given its little iPhone SE a BIG upgrade Although many of these networks offer their own photo-editing tools, Apple hopes to encourage iPhone users to use its own Clips instead. When users share Clips videos with friends in Messages, the app can suggest who to share with based on the people who appears in the video, and the people a user shares with most often. When a suggested name is selected, Clips inserts the video right into Messages so it's ready to send with one tap. Read More Britain's iPhone generation might be tech savvy but they don't know how to change a lightbulb Clips will be available on the App Store for free beginning in April, and is compatible with iPhone 5s and later, the new 9.7-inch iPad, all iPad Air and iPad Pro models, iPad mini 2 and later, and iPod touch 6th generation. Devices must be running iOS 10.3. Apple also introduced a lower-priced model of its 9.7-inch-screen iPad on Tuesday, as well as a special edition of its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with a red aluminium finish, and a storage upgrade for its 4-inch iPhone SE. The red iPhone 7 marks Apple's 10-year partnership with the (RED) Global Fund, an organisation that fights AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria worldwide. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Apps iOS 10 iPad iPad mini 2 iPad5 iPhone Social Networking Technology all Most Read Most Recent Samsung GalaxySamsung Galaxy S8: Price, UK release date, screen, specs and all the news on the imminent launch The Samsung Galaxy S8 is set to be revealed on March 29, but we already know a lot about it iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Xbox OneXbox Project Scorpio: Release date, price, games and news about Microsoft's 2017 console The next iteration of the Xbox is expected to be revealed later this year and will compete with the PS4 Pro and Nintendo Switch BAE Systems plcMillennium Falcon: Futuristic military aircraft could be designed to fly like birds of prey Scientists have developed several concepts following research into flight patterns of the world's fastest bird flies iPhone 7Red iPhone 7 release date and price revealed as Apple teams up with AIDS charity for new colour option Apple has released a new version of its flagship iPhone 7 in a fetching shade of red iPhone 7Red iPhone 7 tariffs: Best price plans to buy the new limited edition Apple handset Find out the cheapest place to get the limited edition red Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus which goes on sale this Friday Pokemon GoPokémon Go launches limited-time Water Festival and special SHINY characters There's never been a better time to FINALLY get hold of a Gyarados Earth HourWhen is Earth Hour 2017? What is it and how you can get involved in the WWF 'blackout' event Thousands of landmarks are to switch off their lights for an hour this month, while millions of people around world will stage fundraisers HackingABC News and Good Morning America Twitter accounts HACKED Hackers took control of ABC News and Good Morning America's Twitter accounts, and tweeted a steam of obscure messages London terror attackDid coded 4chan post give details of Westminster terror attack the day BEFORE it happened? The cryptic message was posted at around 3pm on Tuesday, 24 hours before five people, including an unarmed police officer, were killed in London Most Read Most Recent London terror attackBBC News presenter makes insensitive blunder during London terror attack report The BBC were reporting on the shootings outside the Houses of Parliament in Westminster yesterday London terror attackLondon terror attack: Live updates as ISIS claims British-born suspect known to MI5 was "soldier of the caliphate" Four people, including hero police officer Keith Palmer, are dead after the attack in central London London terror attackMum killed in London terror attack as she picked up her kids from school Aysha Frade died on Westminster Bridge as she went to pick up her children aged eight and 11 from school, according to reports London terror attack"In the darkest of days, real heroes appear": Nurses and doctors ran from nearby hospital to help save lives in London terror attack Many Brits are saying emergency services have made them most proud of their country today London terror attackPeople are making alarming assumptions about this photo of 'woman in headscarf walking by dying man' The image was shared with a worrying caption, which was swiftly condemned Terror attacksDuchess of Cambridge sends "thoughts and prayers" to victims of London terror attack in Westminster Kate Middleton has spoken following the London terror attack in Westminster, which saw four people killed and 29 injured London terror attackRuth Langsford ALWAYS drives home over Westminster Bridge - but didn't yesterday by 'some freaky chance' Eamonn Holmes was terrified his wife was involved in the terror attack when he heard the news PoliceBelgium terror fears after man arrested trying to drive car at 'high speed' into shopping centre crowd in Antwerp We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story Lateysha GraceLateysha Grace flashes nipples as she parties with Demi Rose, Bianca Gascoigne and Marnie Simpson on boozy night out The ex-Valleys star made sure all eyes were on her London terror attackWho is the London terrorist? Inside story of how SAS, MI5 and spy agencies across the world track down his identity Every agency from British special forces, MI6, our domestic intelligence spooks at MI5 and all of the spy agencies in America and across Europe are involved in the hunt Top Stories London terror attackBride-to-be visiting fiancé in London in 'critical condition' after plunging from Westminster Bridge into Thames during terror attack The woman was captured on camera as she tumbled into the river as a speeding car ploughed through pedestrians on Westminster Bridge London terror attackPeople are making alarming assumptions about this photo of 'woman in headscarf walking by dying man' The image was shared with a worrying caption, which was swiftly condemned London terror attackThe powerful message London is sending to terrorists following the attack It was read out in Parliament the morning after the attack, with Theresa May calling it a "wonderful tribute" London terror attackPolice officer and mum-of-two among 4 dead and 29 injured from around the world Four people - including PC Keith Palmer and mum Aysha Frade - were killed after a terrorist mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before attempting to enter the Houses of Parliament London terror attackKatie Hopkins tells Fox News that Londoners are 'cowed and afraid' - and sparks a huge backlash The motormouth commentator slammed multiculturalism and claimed the country has never been more divided Terror attacksTeam GB boxing coach revealed as London terror attack unsung hero who fought to save murdered police officer Tony Davis jumped a fence and raced to the scene to try and resuscitate PC Keith Palmer as the officer fought for his life Channel 4Reality TV contestants finally leave wilderness to find Channel 4 show hasn't aired in SEVEN MONTHS The remaining cast of the programme have finally left their remote home in the Scottish Highlands Vladimir PutinRussian MP who fled Vladimir Putin's regime in fear of his life assassinated in middle of street Denis Voronenkov was shot by an unidentified gunman at the entrance of an upmarket hotel in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev London terror attack"I couldn't be more proud to be a part of the NHS": Junior doctor hero who ran into terror carnage Colleen Anderson shunned long-running tensions between junior doctors and the NHS to praise medical staff who responded to yesterday's attack United States Department of JusticeKim Jong Un probed as 'mastermind' behind biggest ever bank heist in history after £75m swiped from account FBI investigators are looking into North Korea's involvement in a missing £700million, along with Chinese middlemen who allegedly helped with the heist London terror attackLondon Parliament terrorist was British-born and 'peripheral figure' investigated by MI5 over violent extremism, Theresa May reveals Four people - including PC Keith Palmer - were killed after a terrorist mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before attempting to enter the Houses of Parliament Terror attacksTearful MP who served with PC Keith Palmer calls for posthumous honour for fallen colleague Tory MP James Cleverly gave an emotional speech about his friendship with the Police officer who was killed in yesterday's London terror attack Samsung GalaxySamsung Galaxy S8: Price, UK release date, screen, specs and all the news on the imminent launch The Samsung Galaxy S8 is set to be revealed on March 29, but we already know a lot about it iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Xbox OneXbox Project Scorpio: Release date, price, games and news about Microsoft's 2017 console The next iteration of the Xbox is expected to be revealed later this year and will compete with the PS4 Pro and Nintendo Switch BAE Systems plcMillennium Falcon: Futuristic military aircraft could be designed to fly like birds of prey Scientists have developed several concepts following research into flight patterns of the world's fastest bird flies iPhone 7Red iPhone 7 release date and price revealed as Apple teams up with AIDS charity for new colour option Apple has released a new version of its flagship iPhone 7 in a fetching shade of red HackingABC News and Good Morning America Twitter accounts HACKED Hackers took control of ABC News and Good Morning America's Twitter accounts, and tweeted a steam of obscure messages TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month Video GamesXbox Live down: Customers furious as Microsoft services including Hotmail and Skype suffer major outage Xbox Live has been experiencing issues since 17.26 GMT PornographyGamers are using this crafty technique to watch virtual reality PORN on the PlayStation 4 The PlayStation VR headset is one of the most affordable ways to access virtual reality content at home Elon MuskA first look inside the incredible 500mph 'Hyperloop' train that could travel from London to Edinburgh in just 30 minutes Elon Musk's Hyperloop Transportation Technologies is developing a train that is set to be installed in the Persian Gulf next year Pokemon GoPokémon Go launches limited-time Water Festival and special SHINY characters There's never been a better time to FINALLY get hold of a Gyarados ProstheticsSolar-powered synthetic skin could give robots a sense of touch and allow amputees to feel again Synthetic skin capable of touch sensitivity could make smart prosthetic hands more useful for amputees CybersecurityApple rubbishes claim hacker group can wipe hundreds of MILLIONS of iCloud accounts A group calling itself the Turkish Crime Family says it can steal details from over 300 million iCloud accounts EasyJetFully electric planes could be carrying passengers between London and Paris by 2027 The planes are designed for short-haul flights of 300 miles or less Mobile phonesThe best cheap Android mobile phones for 2017 and where to buy them for less We round up the best deals on phones including the Samsung Galaxy, Moto G4 and Sony Xperia XZ, plus five handy tips on how to pay less for your contract London terror attackFacebook activates Safety Check in London after 'terror attack' outside Houses of Parliament Users of the social network can use the tool to let their friends know they are safe CopyrightAre Kodi boxes legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy Thousands of Brits are buying "fully loaded" Kodi boxes to watch sports, TV and films without a subscription PornographyWomen watch porn on their mobile phones more often than men, study claims Nearly 80% of female traffic to porn sites comes from mobile devices iPadiPad Pro 2: UK release date, specs, price and other rumours about Apple's premium tablet Apple launched its latest iPad Pro in March 2016, but gadget fans are anticipating a refresh could be coming soon British Summer TimeWhen do the clocks go forward in 2017? Here's what you need to know about the changes and British Summer Time Avoid being late for work (and get a good night's kip) with our guide to this year's timings for British Summer Time News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ד אדר תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Technology Apple Cuts Prices on Lower-End iPads, Releases Red iPhones Apple Cuts Prices on Lower-End iPads, Releases Red iPhones Tuesday, March 21, 2017 at 3:51 pm | כ"ג אדר תשע"ז Apple’s new red shade for the iPhone. (Apple) NEW YORK (AP) - Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn’t materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases on Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. THE NEW LINEUP The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but the display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro; and it wouldn’t have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped). Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said that Tuesday’s announcement makes it “even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now — the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind.” DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren’t upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet refresh by a month. The South Korean company has announced an Android update, the Galaxy Tab S3, along with two new Windows models, both called Galaxy Book. The Galaxy Tab S3 starts selling Friday for $600 and comes with a pen (something sold separately with the iPad Pro). A keyboard attachment costs $130. Samsung hasn’t announced retail plans for the Book, but the price is expected to be higher, given that the keyboard is included, alongside the pen. Vela said that the new Galaxy tablets might help Samsung increase its market share slightly, but they won’t be serious threats to Apple, especially as the latest price cuts make iPads very competitive. Microsoft is also due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. The Galaxy Book is more likely to challenge the Surface than iPads. Amazon, meanwhile, continually refreshes its tablet lineup, though it focuses on budget devices in hopes of drawing people to its other services, including video, e-books and a loyalty program called Prime. Filed under: Apple, Smartphone, Tablet Print Email Gmail Related Apple Announces Oct. 22 Event; New iPads Expected Beyond the iPhone: Apple’s Mac Sales Up, iPads Down Report: Apple Cuts Cost to Make iPad Air By 13 Percent Apple Begins Offering Trade-in Credit for Damaged iPhones IPads Face Toughest Year-End Competition Yet More in Technology Twitter Software Helps Find, Ban Users Advocating Violence Hospital Takes on Rare Surgery to Help Baby Born With Four Legs Despite the Anti-Carb Diet Fads, Whole Grains Are Still Good for You Three Things Samsung Says its Bixby Assistant Will Do That Siri Can’t Uber’s First Autonomous Driving Progress Report Is In OP-ED The Unpleasant Truth About Purim A Breath of Fresh Air for Israel Unfair Play Working for a Solution Juggling Act The Real World of Obamacare Repeal We Didn’t Think we Agreed on Undocumented Immigration. We Were Wrong. The “Trial” of Neil Gorsuch President Trump’s Foreign Policy Doctrine: Escalate to De-Escalate Leave the Constitution Alone Beware the Cyber-Bear Erasure, Inscription and Mesirus Nefesh What the FDA Gets Wrong About E-Cigarettes The Intelligence Committee’s Hearing On Russia Won’t Satisfy Democrats Features Nichum Aveilim 24 Adar/March 22 This Day In History 24 Adar/March 22 Beware the Ice of March Sudoku – March 22, 2017 Get Moving The Odd Side – March 21, 2017 This Day In History 23 Adar/March 21 World of Wonder – March 21, 2017 Small Change Nichum Aveilim 23 Adar/March 21 Sudoku – March 21, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – March 21, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – March 20, 2017 Sudoku – March 20, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 34°F Sunny See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,821.64 +27.82 (+0.48%) S&P 500 2,348.45 +4.43 (+0.19%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9262 GBP 0.8008 ILS 3.6440 CHF 0.9918 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: How Apple Has Changed in the Past 10 Years The tech icon continues to evolve in ways analysts have difficulty predicting. Rich Duprey (TMFCop) Mar 21, 2017 at 3:16PM In 2006, Google had just launched Docs & Sheets to compete against Office, MySpace was still a thing, Facebook opened up its platform for the first time to people who weren't students, Twitter launched as "the SMS [short message service] of the internet," and the iPod was the primary tech innovation offered by Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) beyond its computers. It sold 39.4 million units that year, with the portable music player representing 40% of total revenues. A lot has changed over the past decade, and Apple is a markedly different company today than it was back then. Let's see how it has evolved over the years and what it might mean for investors going forward. Image source: Apple. A revolution in what's for sale A decade ago, analysts fretted that with the ubiquity of the iPod, Apple's best days were behind it, as it had lost the ability to innovate further. Its main products were its Macintosh computers, the OS X operating system, the iPod, and iTunes. Of course, it was a much smaller company then as well, generating a little more than $19 billion in sales in fiscal 2006 (compared to $78.4 billion in revenue in just the most recent quarter). What people couldn't know was that Apple was about to launch a cultural revolution with the introduction of the iPhone, which made its debut on June 29, 2007. Its sleek, radical design upended the cell-phone market and could be said to have doomed the iPod, as it melded the functionality of a music player with the practicality of a phone. Apple has gone on to sell over 1 billion iPhones since then, reaching a peak of more than 231 million in 2015.  Apple's product portfolio has also expanded and now includes not only Macs, iPods, and iPhones, but also iPads, the Apple Watch, Beats headphones, Apple TV, iCloud, Apple Pay, and more. So much has the iPhone revolutionized Apple's business that it is now the single biggest product the tech giant sells, accounting for 63% of sales. And the unification of music player and phone has caused the iPod's significance to be diminished to such an extent that sales are now included in a catch-all "other" category that also houses sales of Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats, and third-party accessories that registered all of $11 billion in sales last year out of $216 billion total. Image source: Getty Images. A jump in stock price Total net sales for Apple were down 8% in 2016 on declining iPhone sales, which saw sales drop 12% in dollar terms. Net profits were dinged as well, falling 14% year over year. Yet despite the drop-off, it remains a much more profitable company than it was a decade ago, when net margin was just 10%, compared with more than 21% today. But like a decade ago, analysts are once again worrying that Apple is past its prime, and just like then, they may be backing the wrong horse if they're betting against its stock. Over the past 10 years, shares of Apple have appreciated 1,000%, versus a meager 70% gain in the S&P 500. Sure, the company's had its ups and downs during that time, but it has proved its ability to surprise Wall Street time and again and still innovate, even when it seemed all the good ideas had been used and the well had run dry. AAPL data by YCharts At your service I'm not ready to guess what Apple's next new, sales-driving hardware innovation might be, or if the new iPhone 8 this year will be enough to spark new growth. But it is true that sales of existing product lines are sinking. Last year, not only were iPhone sales down, but so, too, were iPad and Mac sales. In fact, only its services division experienced any appreciable growth, which represents sales from iTunes, apps, Apple Music, AppleCare, and Apple Pay, and that may be where its future lies. Services has become Apple's second-largest segment behind iPhones, generating more than $24 billion in sales last year. To give that some context, that's a little less than what Facebook generated for the full year. While iPhone sales turned positive again in the first quarter of 2017, rising 5% year over year, services once more were a stellar performance, surging 18% from the year-ago period. There may come a day when Apple is known not for the tech gadgets it makes -- though those gadgets will likely always play a big role in its operations -- but rather for selling services to the customers who buy those gadgets. And that may be the biggest, most radical change of all.   Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Facebook, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Duprey (TMFCop)   Rich has been a Fool since 1998 and writing for the site since 2004. After 20 years of patrolling the mean streets of suburbia, he hung up his badge and gun to take up a pen full time. Having made the streets safe for Truth, Justice and Krispy Kreme donuts, he now patrols the markets looking for companies he can lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio. So follow me on Facebook and Twitter for the most important industry news in retail and consumer products and other great stories. Follow @RetlInvstrsWire   Google+ Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 3:16PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $141.11 down $0.31 (-0.22%) Read More Report: Apple Inc.'s Revolutionary OLED iPhone Will Have a Flat Display Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140. What's Next? How Apple Inc. Can Keep the Premium iPhone a Step Ahead Apple Inc.'s Sensible iPhone SE Refresh Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s Sensible iPhone SE Refresh Apple just refreshed its budget iPhone lineup by bumping up storage configurations, a move that should boost its business. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Mar 21, 2017 at 3:30PM On March 21, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) unveiled a refresh of its iPhone SE product line. The fundamentals of the iPhone SE haven't changed -- form factor, colors, display technology, and core internals all remain the same. What's changed, then? The storage configurations and, in the case of the higher storage tier, pricing. Apple previously offered 16 GB and 64 GB variants of the iPhone SE at $399 and $449, respectively. Image source: Apple. Following the updates, Apple now offers 32 GB and 128 GB models; the former is priced at $399 while the latter comes in at $499. I believe that this is a sensible refresh -- here's why. Delivering more value and boosting average selling prices You may recall that Apple had originally priced the 16 GB and 64 GB variants of the iPhone SE at $399 and $499, respectively, at launch all the way back in March 2016. Then, when Apple launched the iPhone 7 series devices, it cut the price on the 64 GB model to $449. This was a sensible move considering that the iPhone SE had been in the market for a while (technology doesn't age well) and the arguably superior iPhone 6s/6s Plus devices had just seen their prices slashed. With this move, Apple is killing two birds with one stone. First, by bumping up the storage capacity on the entry-level iPhone model, Apple is delivering more value to the consumer -- an extra 16 GB of storage can dramatically improve the user experience, especially since a large chunk of the first 16 GB of storage is taken up by the operating system and other pre-installed applications. At the same time, Apple can now boost the price that it can command for the higher storage tier option by doubling the available storage from 64 GB to 128 GB. The delta in storage between the new small/large storage configurations is 96 GB, so Apple is charging the user about $1.04 per gigabyte for the additional storage. That figure is not so coincidentally the same dollars-per-gigabyte figure that users previously had to pay in moving from the 16 GB version to the 64 GB version under the old pricing structure. This move could boost iPhone sales More storage space is always nice to have, especially as photos become larger (due to increases in resolution) and apps take up more space. The iPhone SE with 32 GB should appeal to smartphone customers who are on a budget but at the same time want a reasonable amount of storage space, something that could help boost Apple's share in more price-sensitive emerging markets. The 128 GB iPhone SE, on the other hand, could be a deal maker for users clinging onto their old iPhone 5/5s devices. The improved internals and camera are certainly interesting selling points, but it's less likely that users are going to be frustrated with the performance/capabilities of the iPhone 5/5s phones. However, if those users have devices with 32 GB or even 64 GB of storage and they're finding themselves wanting more storage for a reasonable price, then the 128 GB iPhone SE could be the ticket. Remember, prior to this announcement, a user who wanted a "cheap" iPhone with 128 GB of storage would have to cough up $649 for the iPhone 6s. The iPhone SE with 128 GB of storage is a much cheaper way to get ahold of a phone with meaningfully larger storage than what users of iPhone 5/5s devices (and older) are using. The impact to iPhone unit shipments from this refresh isn't likely to be huge, but I think that these new storage configurations improve the appeal of the iPhone SE line and should drive some reasonable degree of incremental iPhone sales. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 3:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $141.11 down $0.31 (-0.22%) Read More Report: Apple Inc.'s Revolutionary OLED iPhone Will Have a Flat Display Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140. What's Next? How Apple Inc. Can Keep the Premium iPhone a Step Ahead The 4 Most Popular Smartphones of 2016 Were All iPhones Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Tablet Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel CPUs Mobile Storage AMD Smartphones GPUs SSDs NVIDIA Home> Tablet Apple Announces 2017 iPad 9.7-Inch: Entry Level iPad now at $329 by Ryan Smith on March 21, 2017 3:45 PM EST Posted in Tablet Apple iPad Mobile 113 Comments | Add A Comment 113 Comments + Add A Comment With the spring finally upon us, Apple this morning is going about some spring cleaning of the iPad family. The iPad Air 2 and the iPad Mini 2 have been discontinued, making way for a new entry-level iPad: the simply named iPad 9.7-Inch. This latest iPad is a bit of an unusual twist on the usual Apple fare; it’s not really a successor to the iPad Air 2, and from a features perspective it’s essentially a kitbash of a few different Apple products. None the less, at $329 it’s also the lowest Apple has ever priced a 9.7” iPad, as retailer sales aside, Apple hasn’t offered this size below $399 before. As a result the new 9.7” iPad is likely to make an impact, even in the softening market for tablets. Apple 9.7-Inch iPad Family   Apple iPad 9.7" (2017) Apple iPad Air 2 (Discontinued) Apple iPad Pro 9.7" SoC Apple A9 2 x Apple Twister @ 1.85GHz? Apple A8X 3 x Apple Typhoon @ 1.5GHz Apple A9X 2 x Apple Twister @ ~2.2GHz GPU PowerVR GT7600 PowerVR 8 Cluster Series6XT PowerVR 12 Cluster Series7XT RAM 2GB LPDDR4? 2GB LPDDR3 2GB LPDDR4 NAND 32 / 128 GB 16 / 64 / 128 GB WiFi: 32 / 128 / 256 GB WiFi + Cellular: 32 / 128 / 256 GB Display 9.7" 2048x1536 IPS LCD Gamut sRGB DCI-P3 Size and Mass 240 x 169.5 x 7.5mm 469g WiFi, 478g LTE 240 x 169.5 x 6.1mm 437g WiFi, 444g LTE Camera 8MP Rear-facing f/2.4, 1.1 micron 12MP Rear-facing f/2.2, 1.22 micron 1.2MP Front-facing f/2.2 5MP Front-facing f/2.2 Battery 32.4 Wh 27.3 Wh 27.5 Wh Launch OS iOS 10 iOS 8 iOS 9 Cellular Category 4 LTE + GPS/GNSS in Cellular SKU Other Connectivity 2x2 802.11a/b/g/n/ac + BT 4.2, Apple Lightning, Headphone Jack 2x2 802.11a/b/g/n/ac + BT 4.2, Apple Lightning, Headphone Jack, Smart Connector on iPad Pro SIM Optional NanoSIM Launch Price 32GB: $329 128GB: $429 16GB: $499 32 GB: $599 128 GB: $749 256 GB: $899 From a high-level perspective, the iPad 9.7” (2017) is an interesting kitbash between the iPhone 6s, the iPad Air 2, and the iPad Air 1. It’s obvious that Apple was aiming to make a more budget-friendly iPad from the start, so you won’t find any new, cutting edge technology in here. Rather everything is essentially cobbled together from the aforementioned Apple products. This, consequently, is also why the 2017 iPad is not a true successor to the iPad Air 2, as it makes some necessary compromises to hit the $329 price tag. The shell itself is taken from the iPad Air 1, offering the same dimensions and weight as Apple’s 2013 flagship tablet. This means that at 7.5mm, the new iPad is actually thicker than the iPad Air 2 by 1.4mm (~23%), though as we’ll see, Apple appears to be putting some of the additional volume to good use. Apple also seems to have lifted the display assembly from the iPad Air 1; while all of the modern Retina 9.7” iPads have offered a 2048x1536 IPS display, this one in particular lacks the fully laminated display that was introduced in the iPad Air 2 and is part of the reason that the aforementioned tablet was made thinner. Meanwhile inside the tablet itself, Apple has lifted the bulk of the guts from the iPhone 6s. At the heart of the new iPad is an Apple A9 SoC, which incorporates a pair of Apple’s “Cyclone” CPU cores and a 6 cluster PowerVR Series7XT GPU. Based on Apple’s performance estimates, it looks like this is clocked at or very near the 1.85GHz clockspeed of the iPhone 6s, so burst performance should be very close to the iPhone’s. Meanwhile Apple hasn’t confirmed the memory capacity, but since the A9 is a PoP design (and all other 9.7” iPads have 2GB of RAM), 2GB is almost certain for the new iPad as well. Finally, from the iPad Air 2 comes the tablet’s camera modules. The rear camera is an 8 Megapixel f/2.4 camera that we’ve seen in the iPad Air 2 and a number of other Apple tablets, while the front camera is Apple’s similarly common 1.2MP f/2.2 camera. Apple doesn’t publish the exact sensor configuration, but I would be surprised if this wasn’t lifted wholesale from Apple’s existing camera module stockpile. Getting back to size for a moment, the 2017 iPad 9.7” will also have the highest capacity battery of a 9.7” iPad in the last few years. Along with the iPad Air 1 shell, Apple has also brought back that tablet’s 32.4 Watt-hour battery, giving it a 19% battery capacity boost over the iPad Air 2. Coupled with the use of a smartphone SoC, and I’m very curious to see what real-world battery life is at. While Apple officially advertises the iPad as having the same 10 hour (Wi-Fi) battery life as the other iPads, there’s definitely some room to pick up another hour or two of runtime. Though ultimately it’s going to be the display that’s the deciding factor, as it’s already the biggest power consumer on an iPad. Apple will be offering the 2017 iPad 9.7” in two capacities, 32GB and 128GB, with the latter capacity carrying a $100 premium. Somewhat surprisingly, the company is also offering a version of the tablet with a cellular modem despite the budget-focused nature of the tablet. Unfortunately Apple is still charging a $130 premium for this functionality, which feels especially steep given the tablet’s low base price. Finally, Apple will begin taking pre-orders for the tablet this Friday the 24th. The tablet is set to ship to next week to both pre-order customers and retail stores. Overall it will be interesting to see how Apple’s new entry-level iPad does in the market. The company’s tablet business continues to chug along, but sales as well off from their heyday as tablet replacement cycles are closer to laptops than phones. At the same time the iPad 2 was one of Apple’s most popular tablets due to its relatively low price for its size, so Apple may be looking to recapture some of that energy. Though it’s interesting to note that in this process, Apple has actually increased the price of an entry-level iPad some; whereas the discontinued iPad Mini 2 was $269, the new iPad bumps that up by $70. Speaking of which, the new iPad does put the remaining iPad Mini 4 configurations in a bit of an odd spot. The tiniest tablet actually did get an update of its own: the $399 32GB model was discontinued, and the sole 128GB model has been dropped to $399 in its place. Despite the price shuffle though, it is an older design and remains the only iPad not using an A9-generation processor. While Apple’s spring cleaning makes it clear which tablet Apple wants to be their entry-level iPad, the Mini remains as the odd man out in this new lineup. Source: Apple Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 113 Comments View All Comments fanofanand - Tuesday, March 21, 2017 - link This is actually somewhat compelling, and the "Apple Tax" appears to be the lowest it's been in a long while. I still have no interest in their walled-garden ecosystem (Yes I am aware that Android isn't a whole lot better) so this isn't for me, but I can imagine a lot of price conscious consumers will be buying these. Reply jakoh - Tuesday, March 21, 2017 - link Definitely worth buying to throw as fodder for your kids so they would shut up and grow up dumb as sticks. Thats why i dont own one. Reply michael2k - Tuesday, March 21, 2017 - link The apple doesn't fall far from the tree, as the saying goes. It won't be the iPad at fault if your kids are dumb. Reply Notmyusualid - Tuesday, March 21, 2017 - link @michael2k Hilarious! But I think a good upbringing / education, can mask many of the differences in average IQ we have between us. Quote: I had the advantage of a home where people talked about interesting things, and I had intelligent parents, and I went to decent schools ... I was born at the right time and place. I won the ‘Ovarian Lottery.' - Warren Buffett Reply xype - Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - link "many of the differences in average IQ we have between us" Right-o. The differences between the average IQ you have between the two of you. I’m afraid michael2k wins this one. Reply StevoLincolnite - Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - link Yeah. I don't own any kids either. **** Also 2GB of Ram when we are a 1/3rd of the way through 2017. Yuck. Reply TheinsanegamerN - Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - link 1GB iphone 5Ss are still perfectly usable. The miracle of highly optimized OSes and software! I have yet to see a reason to have 4GB on an iProduct. the 12" ipad doesnt do anything the 9.7 cant do. Reply fasterquieter - Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - link I always assumed that was there as video RAM. To help push the extra pixels in that model. Reply Wolfpup - Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - link The 13" iPad Pro does have 2x the memory bandwidth of the 9.7" Pro, and the frame buffer would be larger, though I think largely it's just "this is our premium product, and we're sort of acting like you could use it as a laptop, and the larger size means more room for battery, so here's 4GB". I used an iPad 2 until last fall (once it quit getting updates so was no longer secure) and 512MB was painful, though still got the job done, but oh man are my Air 2 and 13" Pro gigantic improvements. I really want an iOS laptop (that can be plugged in to a monitor and keyboard too) for my mom. For most things it would work okay, and there'd be less she could do to accidentally install malware. Or just have a super locked down ios-like mode for MacOS (or Windows) to get me the same thing. Reply UglyFrank - Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - link I had to log in for this one. I had an iPad air 1 for 30months and that 1GB ram couldn't handle more than 3 tabs in Safari. It was so stressful. Apple were so smug with their software design that they wouldn't dare let you know an error happened so you'd get force closes without an notification about it. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 12 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News CORSAIR ONE Gaming PC Released Capsule Review: Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard and Mouse Combo Apple Announces 2017 iPad 9.7-Inch: Entry Level iPad now at $329 NVIDIA Releases 378.92 WHQL Driver: Mass Effect and Dolby Vision for Games ARM Launches DynamIQ: big.Little to Eight Cores Per Cluster CPU Buyer's Guide: Q1 2017 Qualcomm Announces 205 Mobile Platform: Entry-Level LTE for India & Emerging Markets Intel Introduces Optane SSD DC P4800X With 3D XPoint Memory Bosch and NVIDIA Team Up for Xavier-Based Self-Driving Systems for Mass Market Cars Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45: Atom Z3400, Android Wear 2.0, Starts at $1650 Samsung Shows Off A Z-SSD: With New Z-NAND Best Laptops: Q1 2017 TWEETS IanCutress: Sometimes a good flowchart is better than a scribble IanCutress: https://t.co/JmikMQal1l Super Mario Run ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Particular choice depends on needed feature set. Syno can enable 'privately hosted' G-Suite/Slack 'replacement' ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Business use-cases / multi-employee offices - Synology, Home use - QNAP's feature set is better IanCutress: Our hands on with the first 10nm SoC from @qualcomm. Going to be interesting to see it ship in volume for sure. Tip… https://t.co/3sdUjZy4aH IanCutress: @gatobaker @anandtech @RyanSmithAT I'm particularly envious. I should make an excuse to go to SD @Bernard_P RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Performance Preview https://t.co/jNbUaVqp7H IanCutress: @TMFChipFool as long as the cables stay intact. You need a case with a covered flip switch. We only have space for 2 cats :( RyanSmithAT: @scottwasson Be sure to cherish your fiber; it sounds like Google is done adding customers https://t.co/kz1i90rZUX RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse The workout I get. But the flat soda? RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte Huh? No, I read it. I'm just saying why should Nintendo pay to fix something they won't use? Not like the A53s take up any space RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte They don't need the A53s for what they're doing. It's as simple as that ganeshts: @chrisheinonen Can we use wireless HEOS speakers for the surround and rear channels with these AVRs? ganeshts: @FPiednoel Socket 370 / 820E chipset? Otherwise, I am giving up :) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Fitness Food Health Love Beauty Workout Finder Culture News Subscribe Subscribe Get 6 issues for just $5 Subscribe Subscribe Newsletter Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up Now Subscribe Subscribe Culture|March 21, 2017| By  Emma Sarran Webster| Brought to you by Apple Releases Red iPhones to Support HIV/AIDS Research In partnership with (Product)Red, Apple is releasing a special edition red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus and donating some of the proceeds to the Global Fund. Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Pinterest Courtesy of Apple Apple announced a red hot addition to its iPhone family today: A special edition (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. With each limited edition phone purchased, a portion of the proceeds will go to the Global Fund in support of HIV/AIDS programs and research. The bold new color was added to Apple’s website today after the online store was down for several hours. (The shut-down prompted rumors about a new device release.) While the functionality of this phone is no different than the existing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the color is a symbol of an important fight. More than 36 million people worldwide are living with HIV/AIDS. More than two thirds of those affected live in sub-Saharan Africa, where (RED) and the Global Fund are working to eradicate the disease. (RED) was founded in 2006, and has generated more than $465 million for the Global Fund since then. Apple has been working with (RED) for 10 years, and has released special editions of other devices—like the iPod nano and the current Beats headphones. “Apple is the world’s largest corporate donor to the Global Fund, contributing to more than $130 million as part of its partnership with (RED),” Deborah Dugan, (RED)’s CEO, said in a statement. “Combining the global reach of the world’s most loved smartphone with our efforts to provide access to life-saving ARV medication in sub-Saharan Africa, customers now have a remarkable opportunity to make a difference and contribute to the Global Fund through the purchase of this new beautiful (PRODUCT)RED iPhone.” The (PRODUCT)Red Special Edition iPhone will be available in 128GB and 256GB models starting at $749, and you can buy it in stores or online starting on Friday, March 24. Related: Trump's Global Gag Rule May Have Terrible Impact On HIV/AIDS Patients What It's Like Living As An HIV-Positive Teen 10 Things Everyone Should Understand About HIV And AIDS Also: Fitness Trainer Zehra Allibhai Proves That You Can Totally Wear A Hijab While Working Out Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Keywords iphone, iphone 7, apple, aids Trending 1 Culture This Woman’s Story of Being Fat-Shamed at Dairy Queen Will Break Your Heart 2 Food 5 Foods That Reduce Stress 3 Beauty Whoa, Jennifer Lopez Cut Her Hair Into a Shoulder-Length Lob Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up for our Newsletter and join us on the path to wellness. Sign up Now Subscribe to SELF Magazine Subscribe to SELF Get 6 issues for just $5 subscribe now Subscribe Subscription ServicesCareersCondé Nast StoreSite MapAbout SelfContact the EditorsAccessibility HelpNewsletter Sign UpRSS Feeds Our SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBon AppétitBridesCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfStyleTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired Cond\é Nast © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016). SELF may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Thursday , 23 March 2017 Contact Us Advertise With Us INFORMATION NIGERIA Nigeria's No.1 Information Portal Home Trending Metro Entertainment Lifestyle Food and Health Sports Odd News Education Jobs Breaking News Senate accepts forty-five ambassadorial nominees, rejects two Wife pours hot water on husband’s manhood Assault: Man charged for beating sister to pulp over a plate of rice Review FX Policy on Tomato Paste or Provide Triple Concentrate Raw Materials – Tomato Union No life was lost in South Africa latest attack – FG Plateau State declares three days mourning for dead commissioner Union Workers halt activities at Arik Air Troops destroy more illegal refineries Man loses ear at a birthday party Police arrest seven persons connected to UK terror attack You Can Help Fight HIV And AIDS By Purchasing Apple’s New, Red iPhone Olayinka March 21, 2017 Apple has just unveiled a new red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus—and it’s all for a good cause. For the past decade, Apple has partnered with nonprofit (RED) to combat HIV/AIDs. In 2006, the brand launched a special edition red iPod, and from there, they released red Beats headphones, along with red Smart Battery cases, but they’d never done a red iPhone until now. Releasing the red iPhone was a “nice recognition of our partnership with the (RED) team in fighting HIV and AIDs,” Apple’s VP of marketing, Greg Joswiak, told Mashable. The company also unveiled an updated version of the 9.7 inch iPad. The new iPad will start at $329, while the red iPhone 7 will cost $749. According to Mashable, the red iPhone 7 Plus will come in 128 GB and 256 GB configurations and set you back $749 and $849, respectively, while the 7 Plus will set you back $869 and $969 for the same configurations. Joswiak told Mashable the brand plans to make “a bunch” of the iPhones but didn’t specify how many, so I think it’s safe to assume this will be a limited edition. The phones go on sale this Friday and a portion of every sale will go to directly to The Global Fund so if you want to shop and contribute to a worthy cause before they’re all gone, put a note on your calendar now. Recommended for you Men With This man-hood Size Give Women The Most Orgasms, Study Reveals 5 things you will notice if your woman just had s*x with another man #BBNaija: ‘Bassey Knows I am Married’ – Thin Tall Tony Reveals Doctor’s dead body finally found Here Is What Women Are Really Thinking About During s*x Source: Men’s Health Ad ==> A Former One Minute Man Who Now Last 30mins In Bed Reveals The Secret Of His New Strength Place your ad here Loading... Get Our Top Stories Everyday, Enter Your Email Address: Share tweet Tags apple iphone 7 iPhone 7 Plus Red Previous Tragedy as three siblings electrocuted in Delta Next For Couples: Here is The One Trait That Is Key To A Successful Relationship Related Articles Bad Housekeeping: How Your Messy Desk Is Killing Your Productivity March 23, 2017 5 Body Odours You Should Never Ignore March 23, 2017 How Your TV Is Conning You About Testosterone March 23, 2017 Check Also How To Give Her The Best climax Of Her Life Give importance to foreplay: Keep in mind that intercourse alone cannot lead to an epic … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Yes, add me to your mailing list. Recommended for you Men With This man-hood Size Give Women The Most Orgasms, Study Reveals 5 things you will notice if your woman just had s*x with another man #BBNaija: ‘Bassey Knows I am Married’ – Thin Tall Tony Reveals Doctor’s dead body finally found Here Is What Women Are Really Thinking About During s*x Notice: Undefined index: enable_manual_switch in /home2/informng/public_html/wp-content/plugins/mobile-smart/mobile-smart.php on line 946
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Apple heads into Snapchat territory with Clips By Troy Wolverton / March 21, 2017 at 10:41 AM Apple seems to be aiming at Snapchat and Facebook’s Instagram with a new video-creation app. Dubbed Clips, the app promises to allow users to easily make videos by combining live takes with pre-recorded video clips and photographs. The app, which is set to debut next month as a free download for iPhones and iPads, will let users customize their videos with filters, special effects and virtual stickers. “Clips gives iPhone and iPad users a new way to express themselves through video,” Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of apps product marketing, said in a statement. IPhones and iPads already come with a “Photos” app pre-installed that allows them to shoot videos. They also can download iMovie, an app that allows users to edit clips to create polished-looking videos and movie trailers. But the new Clips app is more akin to Snapchat and Instagram, social media apps that allow users to create fun photos and videos they can share easily with friends an on social networks. Unlike those apps, though, Clips won’t be attached to a social network itself. Instead, users will be able to share the videos they create elsewhere, including in apps like Instagram, and via Apple’s Messages app. Clips will have one thing that Snapchat and Instagram don’t, a feature Apple calls “Live Titles.” That feature will automatically create and add captions or titles to a video that echo to what a user is saying. The app will automatically sync the text generated by Live Titles with the corresponding audio in the video. Users will have to be running Apple’s upcoming iOS 10.3 software to run Clips. The app will be available for the latest iPhones models beginning with the iPhone 5s and for all iPad Pro, iPad Air models and for the iPad mini models starting with the iPad mini 2. Apple announced the app on the same day that it announced minor updates to its iPad and iPhone lineups, including a new red iPhone 7 model. width=&#8221;100%&#8221; height=&#8221;160px&#8221; scrolling=&#8221;no&#8221; frameborder=&#8221;0&#8243;&gt; Screenshots from Apple’s new Clips app (Courtesy, Apple). Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, instagram, ipad, iPhone, Snapchat   More Posts in Big Tech Google Maps to allow users to share location so friends, colleagues can see them on a map March 22, 2017   Elon Musk unhappy with Trump’s NASA bill March 22, 2017   AT&T halts its advertising on YouTube over content ‘promoting terrorism and hate’ March 21, 2017       Share this Post Tweet               Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Will AirPods end up being bigger for Apple than the Apple… Amazon ‘ripping consumers off’ by tricking them… Elon Musk unhappy with Trump’s NASA bill Sexual assault on Facebook Live: Girl, 15, allegedly… AT&T halts its advertising on YouTube over content…     Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 23, 9:54 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Abandons iPad Mini 4 32GB Model After Outing New 9.7-Inch iPad By Corazon Victorino On 03/21/17 AT 3:29 PM Close Apple started its Tuesday morning right by announcing its new products: the Red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, new Apple Watch bands and the all-new budget-friendly 9.7-inch iPad. However, aside from launching new devices, the Cupertino giant also bid goodbye to the iPad Mini 4 34GB model. MacRumors has learned Apple will not be selling the 32GB base model of the iPad mini 4 with Wi-Fi anymore. This is because the device has been discontinued, while the pricing of its other models have been adjusted. From now on, the 32GB Wi-Fi only model’s price tag belongs to the 128GB Wi-Fi only variant, so consumers can now purchase the latter for $399. As for the cellular model with 128GB memory, its price has been adjusted to $529. The news that Apple discontinued the 32GB model of the iPad mini 4 has both good and bad implications. On one hand, consumers will like the sudden adjustment made to the pricing of the 128GB variants. On the other, this could signify the imminent death of the series like what earlier rumors claimed. It was late last year when Japanese blog Mac Otakara stated that Apple is releasing a new 7.9-inch tablet to keep the mini series alive.  Without a refresh for this year, 2015’s iPad mini 4 would be the latest device in the mini line. This could then mean that the iPad mini series could suffer the same fate as the iPad Air, which has been abandoned by Apple for good. Apparently, among the devices that Apple outed this Tuesday is the iPad Air 2 cheaper replacement, the new 9.7-inch iPad. The new device runs on Apple’s A9 chip and its specs are mostly borrowed from the relatively old iPad Air 2, as pointed out by The Verge.  “New customers and anyone looking to upgrade will love this new iPad for use at home, in school, and for work, with its gorgeous Retina display, our powerful A9 chip, and access to the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for it,” Apple executive Phil Schiller said in a press statement about the new and “even more affordable” 9.7-inch iPad, which starts at $329.  Apple is moving forward with its tablet offerings on the market without the 32GB model of the iPad mini 4. Photo: Reuters/Robert Galbraith Related Stories Red Aluminum iPhone 7, 7 Plus Now Available Why Is Apple’s Online Store Down? iPad Pro Launch Rumor Causes Apple Stocks To Surge Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business De Beers Group Buys Larger Share Of Jewelry Brand De Beers Group announced that it bought LVMH's 50 percent shareholding in De Beers Diamond Jewelers. Technology Bitcoin Scams On The Rise, Report Says Cybersecurity firm ZeroFOX found a massive spike in scams related to the cryptocurrency in March, all of which exploit the unique characteristics of Bitcoin that are supposed to make it secure. World South Sudan, Haiti, Ukraine Worst Countries To Live: Report The three countries also scored low on the U.N. world happiness rankings for 2016. Ukraine was no. 132, Haiti came in at no. 145 and South Sudan was no. 147. National Malia Obama Spotted At ‘Sweeney Todd’ Broadway The official Instagram account of “Sweeney Todd” shared a picture, in which Malia is seen with the cast. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
  Create an account | Login: | Lost password AfterDawn | News | Guides | Software downloads | Tech Support | Forums | HIGH.FI Home News News search Recent headlines | Super Mario Run now available for Android AfterDawn > News > Apple revealed a new iPad with old tech Apple revealed a new iPad with old tech Written by Matti Vähäkainu (Google+) @ 21 Mar 2017 10:41 User comments (3) Apple has today revealed new products in its annual Spring Event. The event usually pales in contrast to the main fall event which iPhone is used and even often garners less attention than the developer focused WWDC in June. However, there's always some excitement when Apple releases new hardware. This time around Apple updated their iPad lineup but unfortunately it's not as exciting as one might think. The new iPad is a refresh of the traditional 9.7 inch, lower-end, iPad. The new version even uses older tech, such as the A9 chip used in iPhone 6s. You know, the phone released in 2015. The iPad Air has been removed from the lineup so excluding the smaller iPad mini 4 the "iPad" is now the only option in addition to iPad Pro. The new iPad has an 8 megapixel camera, 10 hours battery life, Touch ID fingerprint sensor, . The prices start at $329 and preorders go live this Friday, March 24th. It will be available in both WiFi and WiFi+Cellular, latter of which starts at $459, 32 or 128 GB, and in Silver, Gold and Space Gray. Tweet Tags: press event Apple Apple iPad <Sony to end PlayStation 3 production after 10 years >Apple releases a new iPhone, (PRODUCT)RED for charity Previous Next Write a comment 3 user comments 122.3.2017 11:35 hearme0 Send private message to this user Senior Member Ipads and tablets, what an F'ing waste. When I see someone with an actual "Ipad" (even as opposed to an Android tablet - which is even more lame), I laugh and think that holding, carrying or travelling with an Ipad is tantamount to a fanny pack. Ipad users are LO-SERS 222.3.2017 16:46 sikosrus Send private message to this user Newbie Originally posted by hearme0: Ipads and tablets, what an F'ing waste. When I see someone with an actual "Ipad" (even as opposed to an Android tablet - which is even more lame), I laugh and think that holding, carrying or travelling with an Ipad is tantamount to a fanny pack. Ipad users are LO-SERS About 300 million iPads have been sold since 2010 Thats alot of LO-SERS walking around 322.3.2017 23:39 KillerBug Send private message to this user AfterDawn Addict Originally posted by sikosrus: Originally posted by hearme0: Ipads and tablets, what an F'ing waste. When I see someone with an actual "Ipad" (even as opposed to an Android tablet - which is even more lame), I laugh and think that holding, carrying or travelling with an Ipad is tantamount to a fanny pack. Ipad users are LO-SERS About 300 million iPads have been sold since 2010 Thats alot of LO-SERS walking around A lot of people with more money than sense. I can see some uses for tablets (I use mine as an e-reader and I've considered using one as a head unit in my car). Still, can't imagine why I would want to spend so much more for an Apple with fewer features. Heck, even if I got a billion dollars as a gift and money was never an issue again, I'd still prefer a nice stock rooted android. ...But then I don't understand why someone would want to wear a metal spike through their ear or a chain around their neck so that might explain why I don't see the value in having a silhouette of a partially eaten piece of fruit on a crummy overpriced piece of tech. Maybe it's just like the iWatch with the gold band...it says to the world, "I'm rich enough to throw away money on trash and also to pay others to do things for me because I don't know how to do them myself." Comment this article Create a new account or log in Latest news Super Mario Run now available for Android (22 Mar 2017 21:50) Nintendo has decided to launch Super Mario Run a little earlier than expected for Android devices. Gamers report PS4 update kills WiFi (22 Mar 2017 21:41) A number of PlayStation 4 owners are reporting that the PS4 version 4.50 update has disabled WiFi on their consoles. Apple's new Clips app helps create, well, clips (21 Mar 2017 11:42) Apple announced today a new iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED as well as a new iPad with old tech. If neither a charity version of last year iPhone or an iPad with rather uninspiring features don't excite .... 1 user comment Apple releases a new iPhone, (PRODUCT)RED for charity (21 Mar 2017 11:02) Apple has today announced new products in its Spring Event. The new, or refreshed, iPad might get most of the attention but another new product introduced today might be even closer to Apple's own heart. .... 1 user comment Apple revealed a new iPad with old tech (21 Mar 2017 10:41) Apple has today revealed new products in its annual Spring Event. The event usually pales in contrast to the main fall event which iPhone is used and even often garners less attention than the .... 3 user comments Latest user comments Some PS4 titles will soon be available on PCJemborg @ 23 Mar 2017 2:40 Some PS4 titles will soon be available on PCKillerBug @ 22 Mar 2017 23:44 Apple revealed a new iPad with old techKillerBug @ 22 Mar 2017 23:39 Apple revealed a new iPad with old techsikosrus @ 22 Mar 2017 16:46 Apple revealed a new iPad with old techhearme0 @ 22 Mar 2017 11:35 Some PS4 titles will soon be available on PCsmokyrain @ 21 Mar 2017 22:29 Sony to end PlayStation 3 production after 10 yearssmokyrain @ 21 Mar 2017 22:20 Sony to end PlayStation 3 production after 10 yearsKillerBug @ 21 Mar 2017 10:13 Show more user comments News archive - Choose a month - March, 2017 February, 2017 January, 2017 December, 2016 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 July, 2016 June, 2016 May, 2016 April, 2016 March, 2016 February, 2016 January, 2016 December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015 December, 2014 November, 2014 October, 2014 September, 2014 August, 2014 July, 2014 June, 2014 May, 2014 April, 2014 March, 2014 February, 2014 January, 2014 December, 2013 November, 2013 October, 2013 September, 2013 August, 2013 July, 2013 June, 2013 May, 2013 April, 2013 March, 2013 February, 2013 January, 2013 December, 2012 November, 2012 October, 2012 September, 2012 August, 2012 July, 2012 June, 2012 May, 2012 April, 2012 March, 2012 February, 2012 January, 2012 December, 2011 November, 2011 October, 2011 September, 2011 August, 2011 July, 2011 June, 2011 May, 2011 April, 2011 March, 2011 February, 2011 January, 2011 December, 2010 November, 2010 October, 2010 September, 2010 August, 2010 July, 2010 June, 2010 May, 2010 April, 2010 March, 2010 February, 2010 January, 2010 December, 2009 November, 2009 October, 2009 September, 2009 August, 2009 July, 2009 June, 2009 May, 2009 April, 2009 March, 2009 February, 2009 January, 2009 December, 2008 November, 2008 October, 2008 September, 2008 August, 2008 July, 2008 June, 2008 May, 2008 April, 2008 March, 2008 February, 2008 January, 2008 December, 2007 November, 2007 October, 2007 September, 2007 August, 2007 July, 2007 June, 2007 May, 2007 April, 2007 March, 2007 February, 2007 January, 2007 December, 2006 November, 2006 October, 2006 September, 2006 August, 2006 July, 2006 June, 2006 May, 2006 April, 2006 March, 2006 February, 2006 January, 2006 December, 2005 November, 2005 October, 2005 September, 2005 August, 2005 July, 2005 June, 2005 May, 2005 April, 2005 March, 2005 February, 2005 January, 2005 December, 2004 November, 2004 October, 2004 September, 2004 August, 2004 July, 2004 June, 2004 May, 2004 April, 2004 March, 2004 February, 2004 January, 2004 December, 2003 November, 2003 October, 2003 September, 2003 August, 2003 July, 2003 June, 2003 May, 2003 April, 2003 March, 2003 February, 2003 January, 2003 December, 2002 November, 2002 October, 2002 September, 2002 August, 2002 July, 2002 June, 2002 May, 2002 April, 2002 March, 2002 February, 2002 January, 2002 December, 2001 November, 2001 October, 2001 September, 2001 August, 2001 July, 2001 June, 2001 May, 2001 April, 2001 March, 2001 February, 2001 January, 2001 December, 2000 November, 2000 October, 2000 September, 2000 August, 2000 July, 2000 June, 2000 May, 2000 April, 2000 March, 2000 February, 2000 January, 2000 December, 1999 November, 1999 October, 1999 September, 1999 August, 1999 July, 1999 June, 1999 Subscribe Latest news via RSS Add to your Google homepage Add to My Yahoo! Add to MyMSN Add to Netvibes About us Advertising / Media kit Feedback Privacy policy & Terms of Use Sections: Tech News Guides and Tutorials Software Downloads Top Downloads Forums Glossary Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds: Latest News Software Updates © 1999-2017 AfterDawn Oy. All rights reserved Back to Top ⇧
  Create an account | Login: | Lost password AfterDawn | News | Guides | Software downloads | Tech Support | Forums | HIGH.FI Home News News search Recent headlines | Super Mario Run now available for Android AfterDawn > News > Apple releases a new iPhone, (PRODUCT)RED for charity Apple releases a new iPhone, (PRODUCT)RED for charity Written by Matti Vähäkainu (Google+) @ 21 Mar 2017 11:02 User comments (1) Apple has today announced new products in its Spring Event. The new, or refreshed, iPad might get most of the attention but another new product introduced today might be even closer to Apple's own heart. Tim Cook and his company introduced today a new iPhone 7 model. The new red model is a continuation of Product Red – or (PRODUCT)RED – lineup by Apple which raises money to help eliminate HIV/AIDS in Africa. Apple, like many other companies including Coca-Cola, Nike and Starbucks, have supported Product Red years in their efforts against the massive public health concern in 3rd world countries. Apple's first contribution to the campaign was 10 years ago with the iPod nano Product Red. Today's iPhone 7 Product Red follows suit with the same features as a normal iPhone 7 but with a vibrant matte red finish. Red iPhone 7 is available in both the traditional form factor as well as the Plus model. In another small iPhone update, Apple changed iPhone SE's storage capacity. The previous options (16 and 64 GB) were doubled to 32 and 128 GB. Tweet Tags: (PRODUCT)RED Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple charity <Apple revealed a new iPad with old tech >Apple's new Clips app helps create, well, clips Previous Next Write a comment 1 user comment 122.3.2017 11:38 hearme0 Send private message to this user Senior Member F this! Can Apple NOT just donate money to a charity based on its OVER PRICED phone as it is now? Did they really need to invent a "red" one and no doubt they increased the price? I hate Apple as a company in general. Run-of-the-mill tech, albeit solid hardware, over priced, boring, trendy, and flimsy as Hell. This message has been edited since its posting. Latest edit was made on 22 Mar 2017 @ 11:38 Comment this article Create a new account or log in Latest news Super Mario Run now available for Android (22 Mar 2017 21:50) Nintendo has decided to launch Super Mario Run a little earlier than expected for Android devices. Gamers report PS4 update kills WiFi (22 Mar 2017 21:41) A number of PlayStation 4 owners are reporting that the PS4 version 4.50 update has disabled WiFi on their consoles. Apple's new Clips app helps create, well, clips (21 Mar 2017 11:42) Apple announced today a new iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED as well as a new iPad with old tech. If neither a charity version of last year iPhone or an iPad with rather uninspiring features don't excite .... 1 user comment Apple releases a new iPhone, (PRODUCT)RED for charity (21 Mar 2017 11:02) Apple has today announced new products in its Spring Event. The new, or refreshed, iPad might get most of the attention but another new product introduced today might be even closer to Apple's own heart. .... 1 user comment Apple revealed a new iPad with old tech (21 Mar 2017 10:41) Apple has today revealed new products in its annual Spring Event. The event usually pales in contrast to the main fall event which iPhone is used and even often garners less attention than the .... 3 user comments Latest user comments Some PS4 titles will soon be available on PCJemborg @ 23 Mar 2017 2:40 Some PS4 titles will soon be available on PCKillerBug @ 22 Mar 2017 23:44 Apple revealed a new iPad with old techKillerBug @ 22 Mar 2017 23:39 Apple revealed a new iPad with old techsikosrus @ 22 Mar 2017 16:46 Apple revealed a new iPad with old techhearme0 @ 22 Mar 2017 11:35 Some PS4 titles will soon be available on PCsmokyrain @ 21 Mar 2017 22:29 Sony to end PlayStation 3 production after 10 yearssmokyrain @ 21 Mar 2017 22:20 Sony to end PlayStation 3 production after 10 yearsKillerBug @ 21 Mar 2017 10:13 Show more user comments News archive - Choose a month - March, 2017 February, 2017 January, 2017 December, 2016 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 July, 2016 June, 2016 May, 2016 April, 2016 March, 2016 February, 2016 January, 2016 December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015 December, 2014 November, 2014 October, 2014 September, 2014 August, 2014 July, 2014 June, 2014 May, 2014 April, 2014 March, 2014 February, 2014 January, 2014 December, 2013 November, 2013 October, 2013 September, 2013 August, 2013 July, 2013 June, 2013 May, 2013 April, 2013 March, 2013 February, 2013 January, 2013 December, 2012 November, 2012 October, 2012 September, 2012 August, 2012 July, 2012 June, 2012 May, 2012 April, 2012 March, 2012 February, 2012 January, 2012 December, 2011 November, 2011 October, 2011 September, 2011 August, 2011 July, 2011 June, 2011 May, 2011 April, 2011 March, 2011 February, 2011 January, 2011 December, 2010 November, 2010 October, 2010 September, 2010 August, 2010 July, 2010 June, 2010 May, 2010 April, 2010 March, 2010 February, 2010 January, 2010 December, 2009 November, 2009 October, 2009 September, 2009 August, 2009 July, 2009 June, 2009 May, 2009 April, 2009 March, 2009 February, 2009 January, 2009 December, 2008 November, 2008 October, 2008 September, 2008 August, 2008 July, 2008 June, 2008 May, 2008 April, 2008 March, 2008 February, 2008 January, 2008 December, 2007 November, 2007 October, 2007 September, 2007 August, 2007 July, 2007 June, 2007 May, 2007 April, 2007 March, 2007 February, 2007 January, 2007 December, 2006 November, 2006 October, 2006 September, 2006 August, 2006 July, 2006 June, 2006 May, 2006 April, 2006 March, 2006 February, 2006 January, 2006 December, 2005 November, 2005 October, 2005 September, 2005 August, 2005 July, 2005 June, 2005 May, 2005 April, 2005 March, 2005 February, 2005 January, 2005 December, 2004 November, 2004 October, 2004 September, 2004 August, 2004 July, 2004 June, 2004 May, 2004 April, 2004 March, 2004 February, 2004 January, 2004 December, 2003 November, 2003 October, 2003 September, 2003 August, 2003 July, 2003 June, 2003 May, 2003 April, 2003 March, 2003 February, 2003 January, 2003 December, 2002 November, 2002 October, 2002 September, 2002 August, 2002 July, 2002 June, 2002 May, 2002 April, 2002 March, 2002 February, 2002 January, 2002 December, 2001 November, 2001 October, 2001 September, 2001 August, 2001 July, 2001 June, 2001 May, 2001 April, 2001 March, 2001 February, 2001 January, 2001 December, 2000 November, 2000 October, 2000 September, 2000 August, 2000 July, 2000 June, 2000 May, 2000 April, 2000 March, 2000 February, 2000 January, 2000 December, 1999 November, 1999 October, 1999 September, 1999 August, 1999 July, 1999 June, 1999 Subscribe Latest news via RSS Add to your Google homepage Add to My Yahoo! Add to MyMSN Add to Netvibes About us Advertising / Media kit Feedback Privacy policy & Terms of Use Sections: Tech News Guides and Tutorials Software Downloads Top Downloads Forums Glossary Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds: Latest News Software Updates © 1999-2017 AfterDawn Oy. All rights reserved Back to Top ⇧
BellaNaija Inspired! Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Ugonna Nwaeze: Dear Entrepreneur, Can Your Business Survive Your Absence? 24.02.2017 at 1:00 am By Ugonna Nwaeze 12 Comments I never thought about this question while I was present at my online grocery store Nkataa.com, but since my absence I have realised its importance. Had I not been lucky enough to tailor my business to run without me, I would have some serious problems right now. No one ever plans to be absent when there’s a lot of money to be made and a lot of business to be done, but sometimes life has a way of forcing us to be absent at some critical points in the lifespan of our businesses. I have seen that we are just as addicted to Apple products after the passing of Steve Jobs as we have ever been. Despite the high foreign currency exchange rate in our country, many of us already have the iPhone 7 and are eagerly anticipating the next Apple product to hit the market. Nigeria remains among the highest purchasers of luxury goods and electronics regardless of the incessant ranting on social media about the Federal Government, the recession and the rising cost of FOREX. This has caused me to think a bit deeply. Are there ways that businesses can be set up to outlive and outperform their founders? I am interested in this subject because I believe that even when I am present, a successful business is one that allows me to spend more time doing leisurely activities and spending time with loved ones. As a CEO, regardless of my presence at work, my business occupies my mind 24/7. I always think about salaries, staff welfare, how to break even, profitability, etc. In fact there’s always something business-related on my mind. I believe that these issues would be better attended to if they were the only issues on my mind. Sometimes, one needs to be absent from the running of business in order to focus on these issues. I would also like some time off to play, after work and on weekends. Furthermore, I need to reflect on what I’ve done so far and how I can keep improving. This is better achieved when I can step back from the day-to-day operations of my business. I certainly would not like to continue this cycle of overworking myself, until I am unavoidably absent again; something needs to change. The basic requirement for business survival for start-ups is having a team. I have come to see a lot of start-ups with brilliant ideas impeding growth because they have refused to set up a team. They run their businesses so intelligently when they are available, but whenever they are away it is a different story. The business and customers wait impatiently while they flood their customers’ social media timelines with fun pictures of their holidays or family functions. Followed by an apology post when they return saying “Sorry I wasn’t able to respond to you guys, Nigeria was driving me crazy and I had to run away, but I’m back now. Yaay!” Let me quickly make it clear that there is absolutely nothing wrong with running your business like this. Maybe sometimes it is better to enjoy your holiday without getting calls from customers that their food has still not come. However, if you want your business to out-live/out-perform you as a founder, and operate in your absence, then you need to get a team. There are a million ways things can be done and there are also a million excuses why things cannot be done. I would normally encourage young CEOs like myself to invest in a team. A lot of people would always say to me, “I love your team, give me Bose, she’s pretty and intelligent. It is not easy to find smart people in Nigeria. There is a serious gap in Nigeria for “good hands.” It is not easy to find people who understand your vision. “Nigerians? They will just run down your business…” I can keep going on but I think you get my point. Bose was always a pretty girl but she has not always been an intelligent girl. In fact we used to call her an olodo. I worried that I had made a mistake in hiring her and we decided to just ‘dump her in customer care to talk to customers jarey.’ That was a BIG MISTAKE! We had customers and friends calling me and saying, “Get that girl off the phone.” However, today Bose is known as valuable and intelligent and people are wondering, “where did you find her?” What happened to Bose? How has she in a short space of time been able to transform from being an ‘olodo’ to being an asset? I have seen this ‘Bose-like transformation’ happen to quite a few members of my team. It has been a roller coaster with different personalities out there. It has taken a great deal of investment. How did it happen? It took patience, capacity building, team-building exercises, and a lot more. In fact, I have lost some members of my team that I love so dearly because they refused my investments. Like I said earlier there are a million ways things can be done and there are also a million excuses why things cannot be done. One thing you must get done is to “get good hands.” You must build the capacity you need. This does not come through firing everyone who doesn’t meet your standards; it comes through building up the individuals you have to become the team you want. Which leads us to the next point: The second requirement for your business to survive your absence is having a team that you have invested in. My team is my brand and I will deploy the same level of effort and finances I use to build my brand, to build my team. I will conclude this article with saying that usually the ones who we feel are the good hands are often beyond the reach of start-ups in terms of being able to afford them – unless your dad gave you a “small loan” of a million dollars like President elect Donald Trump. However, this is not a problem because the people you have invested in will manage your start-up better than ready-made people you have employed. I am looking forward to the next article because I will focus on writing about setting up the right team and how you can invest in them. In the coming weeks, I will also cover other impediments start-ups face with setting up a team. Until next time, happy building! About Ugonna Nwaeze Ugonna Nwaeze, or ‘Mr. Nkataa’ as he is more popularly known, is the CEO of Abuja’s favourite online grocery store, Nkataa.com. He is an engineer by profession, with a first degree in Engineering from Loughborough University and a Masters in Business Administration. Ugonna is an entrepreneur by heart who has built Nkataa from a concept to an online dependable solution. Nkataa provides food (fresh and cooked), groceries and household items at customers’ doorsteps within 2 hours of order placement. Ugonna believes that “invention is the mother of all necessity,” and these challenging times are grounds for further invention and expansion for entrepreneurs. He has other interesting businesses in the pipeline, which he is currently developing. Ugonna also provides tips and advice for upcoming entrepreneurs based on his business background and experiences as an entrepreneur. love this + Comment  12 Tagged With: lessons for entrepreneurs, Nkataa, Ñkataa.com, Small Business, Ugo NwaezeFiled Under: Career, Features Related Posts Papa Olabode: Why Do the Good ... Papa Olabode: Say No to New ... Webcoupers: Digital Marketing ... African Entrepreneur With Feyi ... « Janelle Monae is Stunning in an Antonio Marras Dress for a Los Angeles Confidential Magazine Event Sexual Rollercoaster? Read this BellaNaijarian’s Honest Recount of Her Failed Relationship with a Guy Who Won’t Commit » 12 Comments on Ugonna Nwaeze: Dear Entrepreneur, Can Your Business Survive Your Absence? cHIKITO February 24, 2017 at 1:29 am This was refreshing Love this! 16 Reply anonymous today February 24, 2017 at 4:18 am Ahh Mr Nkaata, I run a service based company and I set it up from the outset hoping that 1. It would run independent of me and 2. that it would outlive me and be a generational business so help me God. When planning it, I said to myself, after 5 years, I would step back and see if the business can continue without my physical presence for 2 months but God had other plans. After 2.5 years, “due to circumstance beyond my control” I have had to be away for almost 6 months now and mehn, MY SERVICE BASED BUSINESS IS STILL GOING ON! One thing that has worked for me was communicating the vision with my staff, understanding their individual motivations and showing them how the success of the business invariably achieves their own goals. I am grateful to God that for the inspiration to set it up that way at the outset. Grateful to him for sending staff who despite our differences, have the same same vision and thankful for the small effort of mine that is yielding fruit. I hope one day there would be many generational business in Nigeria which would tell their own success stories too. God bless the SME’s in Nigeria. We shall not just survive but thrive! Love this! 24 Reply wellness February 24, 2017 at 5:59 pm Thanks for posting. Setting up a team/ partnership is one of my greatest fears /stresses about starting up a business. This has been helpful. Love this! 10 Reply olanna&odenigbo February 25, 2017 at 12:14 am I am eagerly waiting for the next article…. struggled with this for long, gone through many people, but hopefully now making progress….I pray we keep growing. The few times I had to travel, even with a not-so-stable team, I have always organised for work and monitoring to continue in my absence, and it does…I must confess it’s a bit stressful to follow up on work and multiple explanations when my brain is on vacation. After a hectic year last year, I pretty much let go of my entire former team (each one at a different time and for different reasons) and reassembling another started again this year, with clearer intentions of what I required from the people I hire, and I noticed my more recent trip was better than my previous ones, my new assistant was more efficient handling things and communicating between other staff and myself… I on my part, was also more patient with communication cos I realised I couldn’t expect them to just know everything at once… So I am learning patience and hoping to keep building a better structure as we progress. I have learned I also don’t need to die with -the devil I know’ ….Let them go if they no longer serve the mission and/or refuse to be aligned. I offered a staff free training that I usually charge upwards of 200k for, and she was a no-show…not even phone call to cancel or reschedule. this is someone who was already slowing us all down and refusing to do something about a fixable problem…and she had the nerve to roll into work on Monday by 11am… how do we deal with such people biko… I’m learning o…different days with different lessons. Love this! 12 Reply Anon March 19, 2017 at 5:05 pm And Mr nkataa is gone. Like a meteorite. Sad 😔 Love this! 5 Reply Mila February 26, 2017 at 11:54 am Loved it. Thank you. Love this! 5 Reply Anonymous March 19, 2017 at 12:21 pm Reading this. So many thots going thru my mind. This was barely a month ago and now u r gone. Did u know u were leaving earth forever?? Sad news on a sunday morning. Rest well Love this! 7 Reply Chiomah March 19, 2017 at 2:52 pm Mr Nkaata this is a big loss! Mourning the loss of a great entrepreneur. By Gods grace your business will outlive you. Rest in peace. Love this! 10 Reply ify March 19, 2017 at 9:10 pm rest in peace Love this! 2 Reply Nadine March 19, 2017 at 9:46 pm Found this article when I heard of his death. He was such a promising young man I know would’ve changed so many things in this country. He was already changing the country #RIPUgonna #RIPMrNkataa 🙁 Love this! 5 Reply Maims March 20, 2017 at 8:35 pm A brilliant and inspiring piece from a promising young man who has left us too soon 😢 Rest well Mr Nkataa #angelugonna Love this! 1 Reply Shade March 21, 2017 at 8:19 pm Had to revisit this article after the news of your death. Rest in peace😇 Love this! 1 Reply Post a comment Name Email Website Cancel reply Recently New Video: Kambo Boys – Sweet Larissa Watch Episode 7 of Cornelia O’Dwyer’s “Chick Chat Live” as she talks “Marking your Territory with a Crazy Ex-Wife” with Tade Alalade, Sinmi Hughes-Obisesan & Bukky Karibi-Whyte on BN TV Join Polo Enthusiasts & Lovers of the Game at the Lagos Polo Club for The President’s Cup Tournament | March 24th – 26th #BNRSVP Events this Weekend Inspiring! Remilekun Orefunwa Emerges as LASU’s Overall Best Graduating Student after 7 Failed Attempts at Securing Admission Find The Best For Your Home Now! Buy and Sell your New or Used Luxury Fashion items Subscribe to BN via Email! Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Recent Comments Anne on Inspiring! Remilekun Orefunwa Emerges as LASU’s Overall Best Graduating Student after 7 Failed Attempts at Securing Admission TRUTH on Inspiring! Remilekun Orefunwa Emerges as LASU’s Overall Best Graduating Student after 7 Failed Attempts at Securing Admission Ruby on “There was a time a label wanted to buy “Skintight” from me fully” | Mr Eazi reveals on new interview with Toolz on The Beat 99.9FM | Watch on BN TV Tosin on New Video: Tekno – Yawa letty on #ThrowbackThursday: What was your favourite TV show growing up? © 2017 Bella Naija. All rights reserved| About Us | The Team | Copyright | Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy MENU Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Custom Search
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Apple introduces special edition red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, continuing partnership with (RED) product_red_main.jpg The (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available for purchase on Friday, March 24. (Apple) Print Email Ellanje Ferguson | eferguso@masslive.com By Ellanje Ferguson | eferguso@masslive.com masslive.com on March 21, 2017 at 3:09 PM comments Apple announced a special edition red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Wednesday. The special edition release is part of Apple's longstanding partnership with (PRODUCT)RED, the organization founded by Bono and Bobby Shriver to raise awareness and funds to help eliminate HIV/AIDS in various parts of Africa. The (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus comes in a matte red aluminum finish and will be available to order online and in stores on Friday, March 24. "Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today's lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch," said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO in a press release. Apple  "The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (PRODUCT)RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED), and we can't wait to get it into customers' hands." The special edition release adds to the existing Apple and (PRODUCT)RED product lineup, and some of the proceeds from each Apple and (PRODUCT)RED purchase goes towards the organization. "Apple is the world's largest corporate donor to the Global Fund, contributing more than $130 million as part of its partnership with (RED)," said Deborah Dugan, (RED)'s CEO in a press release.  Entertainment Listings Events Music Food MassLive Social Media MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:32am Fri 24 March Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox New iPad, red iPhone 7 unveiled by Apple 8:10 AM Wednesday Mar 22, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Technology The new iPad will cost $530. Photo / Apple Apple has unveiled a range of new products including a cheaper iPad, larger iPhone SE and new colours for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. The technology giant has released a red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which will be available on March 24 and start at $1399. The additional colour option is part of Apple's Product Red campaign, a range of red products for which Apple makes a contribution from every purchase to the Global Fund for HIV and AIDS programmes. It joins a range that includes red cases, a red iPod shuffle, nano and touch, red Beats products and a red Apple Watch sport band. The new red iPhone 7 Plus will start selling from $1399. Photo / Apple Apple also unveiled a cheaper 9.7-inch iPad, which starts at $539. The new iPad features a split screen mode and retina display. As well as the new iPhone colour, Apple introduced 32GB and 128GB versions of the iPhone SE, which until now was available in 16GB and 64GB sizes. The low-end iPhone, released a year ago, is no longer available to buy in the original sizes. The new hardware products came alongside the launch of an app called Clips, which lets users animate videos and photos to share on social media, and a range of Spring-themed Apple Watch straps. Both the red iPhone 7 and lower-end iPad will be available from March 24. The iPhone SE is already for sale on Apple's website. - Daily Telegraph UK Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Kevin Page: Kevin made my skin crawl I am the world's biggest sook when it comes to creepy crawlies. Hawke's Bay Today Set to ride at rodeo champs in Wairoa More than 50 cowboys and cowgirls are in Wairoa for the national rodeo championships Bay of Plenty Times Dumped ducks looking for homes Hand-fed ducks dumped at McLaren Falls face starvation if not adopted. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Watch cute remote control Toyota Hiluxes do incredible things New series of Hilux ads will make you pine for your youth... Viva Celebrity looks of the week See the coolest looks of the week courtesy of Felicity Jones, Fan Bing Bing and more True Commercial Split-risk Wairau Valley investment duo Two North Shore investment properties are being marketed as split-risk investments. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 24 Mar 2017 02:55:22 Processing Time: 78ms
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Playing Now Bailout impasse renews Greece euro fears - 01:44 EU ministers warn on trade after 'surreal' G20 - 01:52 Breakingviews TV: Uber vs. Lyft - 03:04 Geneva Motor Show 2017 - Part One - 07:37 Geneva Motor Show 2017 - Part Two - 09:15 Geneva Motor Show 2017 - Part Three - 08:25 Few choices for global beef buyers - 01:17 BMW, Porsche eye higher profit despite uncertainty - 01:33 French election debate lifts euro but markets wary - 01:38 UK inflation shoots past Bank of England target - 01:34 Wall Street dips on Trump plan jitters - 01:22 Apple unveils new iPad, updated iPhone Tuesday, March 21, 2017 - 01:38 Apple unveiled a cheaper iPad with a brighter screen, updated iPhone SE, and relased a special edition iPhone 7. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Apple unveiled a cheaper iPad, an updated iPhone SE, and a special edition iPhone 7. The iPad sports a brighter screen and a low starting price of $329 - the lowest ever for a full-sized Apple tablet. The iPhone SE now offers more storage. And the iPhone 7 Special Edition comes in red to commemorate Apple's work with the Global Fund to fight HIV and AIDS. The news crossed the wires well before Apple is expected to introduce its new iPhone this fall. It might come with new features, such as wireless charging, 3-D facial recognition, and a curved display. Stephen Nellis covers the story for Reuters. (SOUNDBITE) STEPHEN NELLIS, REUTERS CORRESPONDENT, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "What they did, they kind of built up a lot of demand, and then the dam just broke when the iPhone 6 came out. Analyst are thinking that something similar is going to happen right now with the next generation of the iPhone. There's a lot of people out there holding on the iPhone 5 S, the original iPhones 6, who just now made that jump to the 7, and they all counting in analyst community on that kind of dam of demand that has been bottling up for a couple of years now, breaking when this new iPhone comes out." Apple also unveiled a new app called Clips for creating videos and sharing them with friends on its iOS devices. Clips takes direct aim at Snap. It lets users add captions and speech bubbles to videos and share them on social networks such as Facebook and Instagram. But, unlike Snap or other messaging apps, users can add captions to videos using their voice. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2n4xKgW <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371340538" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Apple unveils new iPad, updated iPhone Tuesday, March 21, 2017 - 01:38 Top News » London police hold moment of silence for... 4:45pm IST - (1:02) PM May: London attacker was British born,... 5:03pm IST - (1:34) Police make arrests in UK parliament attack 4:41pm IST - (1:05) Four dead and 40 injured in Westminster attack 2:27pm IST - (1:48) British police make arrests after London... 1:56pm IST - (1:07) Four dead as London digests 'terror' attack 2:21pm IST - (1:47) Seven people arrested after attack on British... 3:24pm IST - (1:25) Eyewitnesses describe attack near British... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:31) Iran ups game in Yemen's proxy war Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:26) UK parliament in lockdown after ‘terrorist... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:36) "There's one person not moving at all,"... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (0:54) One shot, several injured in UK parliament... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (0:42) Rough Cuts » Twin ring-tailed lemurs born at Vienna zoo 5:21pm IST - (1:05) Four dead and 40 injured in Westminster attack 2:27pm IST - (1:48) British police make arrests after London... 1:56pm IST - (1:07) Seven people arrested after attack on British... 3:24pm IST - (1:25) Rebooted Power Rangers return to the cinema 10:29am IST - (1:59) 'Power Ranger' creator Haim Saban gets... 6:28am IST - (1:14) Death toll in London attack rises to five:... 5:13am IST - (1:12) Trump's personal communications may have been... 1:41am IST - (1:51) Trump: 'Somewhat' vindicated by Nunes'... 1:32am IST - (0:35) Trump not connected to Manafort's alleged... 12:48am IST - (1:15) Video shows injured in Westminster attack 12:52am IST - (0:40) Eyewitnesses describe attack near British... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:31) Technology » Exoskeleton takes the strain off repetitive... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:54) Scientists finally figure out why pandas are... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:49) Tiny predator is Top Gun of the insect world Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:48) Swansea Bay tidal lagoon to harness British... Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (1:54) Weight loss app aims to trick brain Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (2:14) In Hong Kong, pets also wear fitness trackers Fri, 17 Mar, 2017 - (1:05) Could GM moth larvae reduce animal testing? Fri, 17 Mar, 2017 - (2:12) Scientists spin artificial spider silk Thu, 16 Mar, 2017 - (1:46) Miniature lab begins science experiments in... Thu, 16 Mar, 2017 - (1:52) Madrid scientists create human skin with 3D... Wed, 15 Mar, 2017 - (1:42) A robot-actor stuns London audiences in a new... Tue, 14 Mar, 2017 - (2:27) Plug-and-play exoskeleton boosts autonomy for... Tue, 14 Mar, 2017 - (2:03) Oddly Enough » Baby Dominique born with four legs, now has... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:44) Scientists finally figure out why pandas are... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:49) Spain's "Fallas" festival ends with burning of... Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (1:28) Exhibit features mummies from Egypt and Peru Fri, 17 Mar, 2017 - (1:57) Brits still waiting for full Brexit comedy... Thu, 16 Mar, 2017 - (2:54) Jack Russell faceplants during Crufts Thu, 16 Mar, 2017 - (1:09) New polar bear cub emerges from den Wed, 15 Mar, 2017 - (1:01) Ten points Gryffindor! British Quidditch Cup... Mon, 13 Mar, 2017 - (0:54) Miami the Spaniel crowned Best in Show Mon, 13 Mar, 2017 - (1:06) Berlin's famed polar bear cub Fritz dies Wed, 08 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Thai vets remove 915 coins from sea turtle Wed, 08 Mar, 2017 - (0:56) Three Brooklyn women at same nursing home... Tue, 07 Mar, 2017 - (1:31) Entertainment » Rebooted Power Rangers return to the cinema 10:29am IST - (1:59) 'Power Ranger' creator Haim Saban gets... 6:28am IST - (1:14) Producer sues Disney over 'Zootopia' Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:10) Afghani rapping barber wins music contest Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:41) Asian talent showcased at Tokyo fashion week Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:47) Idina Menzel lets it go on tour Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (2:02) Mel B files for divorce against husband Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (0:52) Jason Derulo holds launch for new single... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:56) Wyclef Jean says 'treated like criminal' in LA... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:22) "I Am Not Madame Bovary" wins big at the Asian... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Alec Baldwin brings family to "Boss Baby"... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:23) Lawyer: Polanski wants 1977 rape case over Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:32) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Apple Market Cap Nearly Three Quarters Of $1 Trillion By Douglas A. McIntyre March 19, 2017 7:54 am EDT Print Email Tweet Apple’s (NASDAQ: AAPL) market cap sits at $734 billion, as its shares have passed an all-time high of $141. A number of analysts believe that figure will go to $160, or higher. Apple is likely to be worth three-quarters of $1 trillion within the next several weeks, if not days. Apple has posted a better share price growth this year than any other component of the Dow, up 20.9%. The Dow is higher by 5.3% to 20,915. Apple’s shares have been driven recently more by rumor than hard numbers. Although the company’s number for the last quarter were impressive, that information is nearly two months old. Apple set a record for iPhone sales, along with record numbers for most of its other hardware. Its forecast for the current quarter was good but not spectacular. It was certainly not enough to drive the stock up to present levels. The primary drive of Apple’s advance has been speculation about its new iPhone 8, which is expected to be released in September. Recent versions of the iPhone have not been considered game-changing improvements over past ones. Also, they have not been considered strong competitors with the flagship products of rival Samsung. Website MacRumors is among the best providers of information about Apple products. It recently published comments on the next generation iPhone: Apple has a major iPhone redesign planned for 2017, with a glass body and edge-to-edge OLED display that includes an integrated Touch ID fingerprint sensor and front-facing camera. The new iPhone may be sold alongside upgraded (but standard) 4.7 and 5.5-inch iPhones. 5.8″ OLED display Faster A11 processor Glass body Edge-to-edge display Camera and Touch ID integrated in display No Home button Wireless charging Three models – One OLED, two standard It is not overly simplistic to say that if the iPhone 8 features do not live up to this and similar descriptions, Apple’s stock may take a hit. However, if it appears the iPhone 8 has at least this set of features the stock has an excellent chance to gain more. And, of course, there is the issue of iPhone 8 sales. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « How Much Does Germany, Second Largest Financial Supporter of NATO, Owe? Marijuana News Roundup: Attorney General Sessions’ Mixed Message on Pot » Read more: Investing, iPhone, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Baidu and Tencent Just Invested in this Electric Vehicle Maker Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Apple unveils cheaper iPad, red iPhones Product launch lacks Apple's usual pageantry CBC News Posted: Mar 21, 2017 2:57 PM ET Last Updated: Mar 21, 2017 2:57 PM ET A man uses his mobile phone near an Apple store in Beijing in this May 2016 photo. The company unveiled some new products on Tuesday. (Ng Han Guan/Associated Press) Related Stories Apple reports blockbuster quarter as iPhone sales top estimates Without the usual fanfare associated with some of its product launches, Apple on Wednesday rolled out a cheaper low-end iPad, a new iPad mini with more memory, and red iPhones. The new iPad, which replaces the iPad Air 2, comes with a 9.7-inch (24.25-centimetre) screen, a brighter display and a faster processor. It will go on sale Friday beginning at $449 for a Wifi-enabled 32-gigabyte model. A similarly-equipped iPad Air 2 was listed on the Best Buy and Staples websites for $499, but was sold out. A 10.5-inch (26.25-centimetre) iPad, which had been the subject of speculation, didn't materialize. Nor did new versions of the iPad Pro aimed at businesses and creative professionals.  The tablet market is in an extended decline after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 per cent to 53 million in the final three months of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The company also rolled out a new iPad mini 4 with 128 gigabytes of storage, beginning at $549. The new iPad mini is available now. In its lineup of phones, Apple said its smaller screen iPhone SE will be available beginning March 24 in 32GB and 128GB models, doubling the current capacity and replacing 16GB and 64GB models. Apple also unveiled a red edition of its iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models. For each phone sold, the company will make an unspecified contribution to the Global Fund to support HIV/AIDS programmes. Apple usually stages its more elaborate product unveilings in September or October, in advance of the holiday shopping season. Apple's tenth-anniversary iPhone is expected to feature better touchscreen technology, wireless charging and a shift to OLED displays. With files from The Associated Presss Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Latest Business Headlines Number of people receiving EI shrank in January March 23, 9:24 AM ET Sunwing defends 6-hour break between flights for pilot who returned to duty drunk March 23, 9:00 AM ET Google's YouTube losing major advertisers upset with videos March 23, 8:26 AM ET read comments Husky crude oil spill in southwest Alberta estimated at 25,000 litres March 23, 9:14 AM ET It never seems a good time for a tax-the-rich budget: Don Pittis March 23, 5:00 AM ET Must Watch Video Federal budget and your pocketbook 4:23 Kerry Taylor, financial writer, Squawkfox, looks at the budget's impact on your finances Video Business reaction to federal budget 8:11 Canadian Manufacturers and Exporters CEO Dennis Darby, and ProVantage Automation CEO Rob Hattin, offer their take on 2017 budget Video Federal budget projections 6:45 Avery Shenfeld, managing director and chief economist at CIBC Capital Markets, looks at the budget's forecast of greener pastures Video The Big Picture 11:21 The panel dissects Finance Minister Bill Morneau's latest budget Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY Mar 23, 2017 9:30 AM ET Mar 23, 2017 9:30 AM ET Mar 23, 2017 12:00 AM ET Mar 23, 2017 9:30 AM ET Mar 23, 2017 9:30 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15349.95 1.49 DOW 20645.07 -16.23 NASDAQ 5821.64 27.81 SP 500 2345.68 -2.77 TSX-VENTURE 804.12 3.20 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed It never seems a good time for a tax-the-rich budget: Don Pittis Bell and Rogers to ask bars to pay more for sports packages read comments Shoppers computer crash fixed but questions remain about message to public read comments Google's YouTube losing major advertisers upset with videos read comments Confusion reigns as experts question motive for U.S. electronics travel ban read comments video Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss Confusion reigns as experts question motive for U.S. electronics travel ban Analysis Stubborn oil prices weigh heavily on upcoming federal budget Analysis Lender upselling has raised the stakes for Canadians addicted to debt: Don Pittis GO PUBLIC Call centre employees for big banks reveal upsell pressures Analysis This tax perk for wealthy CEOs will cost Canada $840M this year How not to get hacked: CBC's Marketplace consumer cheat sheet Analysis 2 big banks raise alarm over Toronto housing 'bubble' GO PUBLIC Consumer advocates have low expectations for probe into Canada's 5 big banks Investing and protesting: Why PETA bought shares of Canada Goose Analysis Alberta budget forecast stuck on the oil roller-coaster Analysis Despite the ads begging for your trust, banks are not your mom: Don Pittis 4 money-saving reasons you should check your bank statements GO PUBLIC Employees at 5 big banks speak of pressure to dupe customers Uncertainty hangs over embattled Fort Mac as oil industry languishes Analysis Markets still aren't convinced Fed chair Janet Yellen will keep raising rates: Don Pittis Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year Trending in Apple Best iPhone apps for controlling your HomeKit devices Trending in Apple Drone Diary: The DJI Mavic Pro flies autonomously using the Litchi app March 21 AAPL: 139.84 -1.62 Everything Apple announced today (and what we’re still waiting for) Zac Hall - Mar. 21st 2017 12:06 pm PT @apollozac iPad Apple Watch iPhone View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple may not have held an event for its latest announcements, but it has certainly been an eventful morning in terms of rumored products launching. There’s also a lot left in the product pipeline that didn’t get announced (and would warrant an event). Here’s what we learned from today’s announcements: Sony A6500 For starters, we now know that Apple actually will pre-announce when the Apple Online Store is going down for several hours of ‘maintenance’ to update product pages. I was skeptical but optimistic yesterday. The mystery created hype like a small-scale Apple event, although anyone waiting for an iPad Pro 2 was disappointed. Shortly before the store came back online, we saw the still rumored red iPhone teased by a Chinese retailer without confirmation one was coming today. Then came this year’s March iPhone announcement: Product RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in 128GB and 256GB capacities. Video walkthrough Subscribe to 9to5Mac on YouTube for more videos Last year it was the iPhone SE in 16GB and 64GB capacities that got revealed in March. This year the iPhone SE doubles in storage to 32GB and 128GB without any other changes. The red iPhone was first rumored to be coming as a new iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus model later this fall, before later being rumored to be a mid-cycle iPhone 7 option alongside a 128GB GB iPhone SE. Apple also announced six new iPhone case colors. Then there are the iPad announcements. Apple discontinued the iPad mini 2 (which uses the same A7 chip as the iPhone 5s) and increased the storage for the iPad mini 4 to 128GB at the same $399 price (or $529 for cellular). That’s easy enough to follow. The 9.7-inch iPad announcement requires reading a little closer to get. Simply called iPad, this new 9.7-inch iPad replaces the originally priced $499 iPad Air 2 and starts at $329 (or $309 with education pricing). It drops the Air name but returns to the first iPad Air dimensions which means it’s thicker and heavier than the iPad Air 2. iPad upgrade options include cellular for $459, 128GB for $429, or 128GB and cellular for $559. The iPad Air 2 that it replaces in the lineup featured an A8X chip while the new iPad uses an A9 chip. For comparison, the iPad Pro models both use an A9X with better graphics performance (and both work with Apple Pencil and Smart Connector accessories unlike the new, cheaper iPad). The year-old 9.7-inch iPad Pro and year-and-a-half-old 12.9-inch iPad Pro remain the flagship tablets in the lineup for now. An all-new 10.5-inch iPad and a spec-upgraded 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 are still rumored to be in the works. We’ll have to see which of the four device identifiers belong to the new budget iPad. For now, the iPad lineup includes iPad mini 4, iPad, and iPad Pro in two sizes. Apple Watch got updates in the form of new bands and default configurations. There’s a new Woven Nylon band style, Classic Buckle gets new colors and its second redesign, and Sport Band now includes three new colors. Apple also sells Nike Sport Bands separately for the first time, and there are new colors in the collection. Along with these changes, Apple has reduced the options for which bands you can buy with new Apple Watches to only include Sport Band and Milanese Loop. All other bands including Classic Buckle and Link Bracelet are now sold separately. Finally, Swift Playgrounds for iPad got multi-language support with five additional languages and other new features. Apple also unveiled a new video editing app coming soon called Clips to go along with the new iPhone announcements. Bloomberg reported that the new app was in development last year. Clips doesn’t have a release date yet, but the fine print mentions that it requires iOS 10.3 which is still in beta: Clips is compatible with iPhone 5s or later, iPad Pro, iPad (5th generation), iPad Air or later, iPad mini 2 or later, and iPod touch (6th generation) and requires iOS 10.3 or later. Speaking of iOS 10.3, none of Apple’s software betas were released today. Current betas include iOS 10.3 with Find My AirPods, macOS 10.12.4 with Night Shift for Mac, tvOS 10.2 with SDK updates, and watchOS 3.2 with Theater Mode which should be ready any day now based on previous beta cycles. And here’s the state of the Mac line: 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar launched in October 11-inch MacBook Air discontinued, 13-inch MacBook Air still on sale with 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar also in the lineup since October 12-inch MacBook turns year old next month iMacs rumored to be updated with USB-C and AMD graphics this year No one remembers the last time the Mac Pro and Mac mini were updated but they’re still for sale So MacBook Pros are in good shape for a while still but the rest of Apple’s Mac lineup is ripe for updating which could warrant an event along with new flagship iPads anytime. Whether that means April, September, October, or some other time is up in the air for now. Macs and iPads aside, this year’s iPhone 8 launch is set to be a huge release and could mark the first Apple Park event at Steve Jobs Theater this fall. The one thing that is set in stone is WWDC 2017 which kicks off on June 5th in San Jose this year, where we’re expecting to see iOS 11, macOS 10.13, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11. So ‘meh’ may be winning the plurality of our poll on today’s announcements (probably because flagship hardware wasn’t announced), but there are definitely a lot of new products from Apple today. Last year it was the iPhone SE (mostly iPhone 6s specs in an iPhone 5s casing) and the 9.7-inch iPad Pro (similarly spec’d to the 12.9-inch iPad Pro with a better camera and True Tone Display) which marked tweaks to existing hardware. This year the spring tweaks are even more minor, but it’s a change in Apple’s product portfolio no less. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide Apple Watch View THe Guide iPhone View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 39 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 23, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 23, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 39 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Apple cuts some iPad prices, adds red iPhones By ANICK JESDANUN The Associated Press First Published Mar 21 2017 01:06PM    •    Last Updated Mar 21 2017 01:11 pm This photo provided by Apple shows the family of iPads, from left, the iPad mini 4, the new iPad, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 12.9-inch one, along with the Apple Pencil. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Apple cut prices on two iPad models and introduced red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. (Apple via AP) This photo provided by Apple shows the family of iPads, from left, the iPad mini 4, the new iPad, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 12.9-inch one, along with the Apple Pencil. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Apple cut prices on two iPad models and introduced red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. (Apple via AP) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn't materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. VIDEOS TOP JOBS THE NEW LINEUP The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but the display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn't have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday's announcement makes it "even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now — the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind." DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren't upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Advocacy groups ask feds to investigate Mormon church for allegedly procuring 'favors' from foreign Jazz's 20-year reunion brings NBA Finals season to life Utah Jazz: Rudy Gobert's career night powers 108-101 win over Knicks BYU football: Riley Burt is back and ready to roll for Cougs after redshirt season San Juan County, home of new Bears Ears monument, No. 1 for U.S. population growth ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
null
Trending Now #ToriRoloffBump #Trumps #KimyeFight Bachelor's Emily and Haley Test Their 'Twin ESP' Subscribe Us Weekly Magazine Home News Videos Stylish Moms Entertainment Pets More Home Videos Moms Entertainment Pets Body Met Gala Celebrity Directory Newsletter Photos Watch With Us Polls Country Oscars Emmys Red Carpet Daily Holidays With Us Royal Family Golden Globes Grammys SAG Awards Olympics Hollywood Moms Hot Pics Subscribe Best of 2016 VMAs #ToriRoloffBump #Trumps #KimyeFight Editor's Picks Ryan Gosling: This Is Why I Couldn't Stop Laughing During Oscars Mix-Up Little People, Big World's Tori Roloff Shares Baby Bump Pic Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Keep Separate Bedrooms Kim K. Calls Kanye an 'A--hole' for Scaring Her Post-Robbery Christina El Moussa Shows Off Revenge Body in Purple Bikini: Pics Scheana Shay Accuses Estranged Husband Mike of Cheating: Watch Rachel Lindsay Brought a Group Date to Ellen — And Already Kissed a Guy! Bachelorette Rachel Goes on a Group Date With This NBA Star: Details! Tech Apple Introduces Special Edition Red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus March 21, 2017 @ 3:00 PM  By  Nicholas Hautman Credit: Courtesy of Apple Are you red-y for this? Apple introduced a red version of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Tuesday, March 21, to commemorate the tech company's 10-plus-year partnership with (Product)RED, the brand that raises awareness and funds to help fight HIV/AIDS. Celeb CEOs: Stars Who Run Their Own Businesses The special-edition iPhones feature a vibrant red matte-aluminum body and will be available to order online worldwide and in stores beginning on Friday, March 24. The smartphones will come in 128GB and 256GB models, starting at $749. "Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (Product)RED Special Edition all the way to today's lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a press release. "The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (Product)RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED), and we can't wait to get it into customers' hands." Courtesy of Apple The Best Celebrity Belfies of 2016 In the press release, (Product)RED CEO Deborah Dugan said Apple is the world's largest corporate donor to the Global Fund. The tech giant has contributed more than $130 million throughout its decadelong partnership with (Product)RED. Apple also unveiled a new 9.7-inch iPad with a brighter Retina display on Tuesday. The 32GB model starts at $329, making it the company's most inexpensive iPad to date. Celebrity Activists! Additionally, Apple introduced Clips, a free app that allows users to create "immersive" videos to share on social media platforms including Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Users can combine videos and photos with filters, emojis and other animations, similar to the current features on Snapchat. Want stories like these delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter! Add a Comment Sign Up for the Us Weekly Newsletter! Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. You will receive the latest news and updates on your favorite celebrities! Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift © Us Weekly 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us FAQ Sitemap
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics TWTR Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More FireEye (FEYE) surges 7% on Goldman Sachs upgrade >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Tuesday Apple Rumors: AAPL Announces New iPhone 7, 7 Plus Color Apple introduces updated 9.7-inch iPad Mar 21, 2017, 1:45 pm EDT  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer Get AAPL alerts: Submit     Leading the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumor mill today is news of several new products. Today, we’ll look at that and other Apple Rumors for Tuesday. Source: Apple Product Red iPhone 7: Apple has added new versions of the iPhone 7 to its online store, reports BGR. The new versions of the device are called the Product Red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. These devices have the same specs as the previous versions of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus released late last year. They are also priced the same as those devices. However, the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are red in color. This is the first time that AAPL has offered red as a color options for its smartphones. The devices will start shipping March 24. New iPad: Apple has introduced an updated 9.7-inch iPad for tablet lovers, MacRumors notes. The new iPad features an A9 chip and is meant to replace the iPad Air 2. The name of this device is simply the “iPad”. The device starts at $329 for the 32GB and there is also a 128GB version, as well. It also features a Retina display and is a little thicker and heavier than the iPad Air 2. The device is also missing the anti-reflective coating and laminated display that the iPad Air 2 was sporting. iPhone Cases: Apple is now selling several new cases for its iPhone devices, reports AppleInsider. The new cases include ones made of silicone that cost $35 for the iPhone 7 and $39 for the iPhone 7 Plus. The color options for these are azure, camellia and pebble. The company also introduced three new leather cases for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. These cases cost $45 for the iPhone 7 and $49 for the 7 Plus. The color options here are sapphire, taupe and berry. A saddle brown leather case for the iPhone SE was also announced and it will cost customers $39. Check out more recent Apple Rumors or Subscribe to Apple Rumors : RSS Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/apple-rumors-iphone-7-color-red-aapl/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Low-Risk Healthcare Picks 5 Blue Chips That Will Get the Selloff's Worst 3 Energy ETFs to Play the Crash in Crude Oil 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC Sears Holdings Admits It’s a Giant Tire Fire Apple's iPad Strategy Is Sneakier Than You Think ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) The 5 Best ETFs to Buy If You Want to Own Bank Stocks 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy in a Bull Market Why the Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Comeback Is Just Beginning Most Popular 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) Trade of the Day: Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (ABX) Stock Is Shining 10 Clobbered Stocks to Buy That Are About to Get Red-Hot Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple needs to make more products in the US, former AOL president says Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 2:34 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Washington Wizards owner: Empathize and support NBA commissioner    Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 12:51 PM ET | 05:07 Apple may be renowned for its attention to detail, but there's something major missing from its process: American workers, former AOL president Ted Leonsis said. "While they are a global company and selling their products and services everywhere, they need to celebrate American craftsmanship," Leonsis told CNBC's "Fast Money: Halftime Report." "They need to make more things here in the United States," he said. The iPhone maker boasts that its products are "designed in California," but has been dinged for its treatment of Chinese factory workers. Apple has been under pressure from president Donald Trump, who campaigned on the platform of making Apple build plants in the U.S. Adam Jeffery | CNBC Ted Leonsis Leonsis is co-founder of start-up investment firm Revolution Growth, which has invested in Shinola, a high-end watchmaker with a factory in Detroit. "We've been hiring laid-off auto workers and people out of high school, and training them to manufacture and be makers...it's the right thing to do. I think the American buying public will gravitate toward products that are made here in America," Leonsis said. To be sure, Apple has made strides to improve its global workforce, reforming its practices abroad and assembling the Mac Pro in the U.S. Apple also pays millions to app developers, many of whom are in the U.S., and supplier Foxconn is eyeing a U.S. expansion. "The most valuable company in the world is Apple," Leonsis said. "It's hard and it's expensive, but it they're certainly a very profitable company." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life Apple Has a Really Good Reason for Dropping New iPhone 7 Out of Nowhere Share Tweet Apple Has a Really Good Reason for Dropping New iPhone 7 Out of Nowhere By Trace William Cowen @tracecowen Mar 21, 2017 Share Tweet Image via Apple Apple surprised devout smartphone collectors Tuesday with the announcement of a fresh red aluminum iPhone, complete with the added benefit of knowing you're contributing to an awesome cause. The launch of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition devices also marks a decade of collaboration between Apple and (RED). Image via Apple Related Chance the Rapper Clarifies His 'Coloring Book' Deal With Apple Music Apple CEO Tim Cook Emailed Employees to Denounce Donald Trump’s Refugee Ban Everything We Know So Far About Apple's iPhone 8 In a statement Tuesday, Apple boss Tim Cook touted the new phone's design and its potential ability to help in the global battle against the spread of AIDS. "Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today's lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch," Cook said of the "gorgeous" special edition phones. Image via Apple (RED) CEO Deborah Dugan added that iPhone customers now have a "remarkable opportunity" to make a difference. "Apple is the world's largest corporate donor to the Global Fund, contributing more than $130 million as part of its partnership with (RED)," Dugan said Tuesday. With the special iPhone 7 launch, customers can assist in (RED)'s efforts to ensure access for those in sub-Saharan Africa to "life-saving" ARV medication. Since its founding in 2006 by U2 frontman Bono and activist Bobby Shriver, (RED) has raised more than $465 million for Global Fund HIV/AIDS grants. The red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus—the first Apple phone to vaguely resemble an actual apple—will be available to order in stores and online Mar. 24. Prices start at $749. Tags: News, Apple, iPhone, Phones, Smartphones, iPhone 7  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Teens Accused of Shooting 14-Year-Old Because She Snapchatted Them Too Much BY Shawn Setaro 9 hours ago Guy Asks Domino’s to Send Their 'Baddest Bitch' When Ordering Pizza, Gets One Hell of a Surprise BY Jose Martinez 12 hours ago For Some Reason, Durex Condom Brand Is Launching a Jean Line BY Joshua Espinoza 13 hours ago New Jersey Elementary School Held a Mock Slave Auction During Class BY Jose Martinez 14 hours ago Teenage Girl Sexually Assaulted on Facebook Live as At Least 40 People Watched BY Joshua Espinoza 14 hours ago Guy Attacked by Crocodile While Trying to Impress Girl Says It Was Worth It BY Trace Cowen 18 hours ago There Might Be Moles in El Chapo's Defense Team, and the Feds Ain't Having It BY Trace Cowen 19 hours ago Wild Photos of Cliff Collapsing on Comet Makes Space Seem Scary AF #LifeAtComplex: Using Social Media to Finesse Everything BY Complex 20 hours ago Video Shows Mischievous Toddler Trapped Inside Toy Claw Machine U.S. Senator Asks Supreme Court Nominee That '100 Duck-Sized Horses or One Horse-Sized Duck' Question BY Gavin Evans Mar 21, 2017 Apple Is Launching a New Video App That’ll Up Your Social Media Game BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 Donald Trump Just Signed On to Send People to Mars BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 Apple Has a Really Good Reason for Dropping New iPhone 7 Out of Nowhere BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 #LifeAtComplex: 'More Life,' More Tamara BY Complex Mar 21, 2017 Pop Culture Watch Arnold Schwarzenegger Lay Into Trump With His Most Potent Shots Yet BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 Weed Raids Kill More People Than Actual Weed, According to Data BY Trace Cowen Mar 21, 2017 Pop Culture Aparna Nancherla 'TAWKS' Anxiety and Depression In Honest Interview BY Lauren Martin Mar 21, 2017 Ivanka Trump Gets an Office in the White House, But We Don't Know What the Hell She's Doing BY Shawn Setaro Mar 20, 2017 Study Reveals How Long Sex Lasts for the Average Couple BY Joshua Espinoza Mar 20, 2017 Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 12 Amazing Google Photos Features You Didn’t Know About Creative 12 Amazing Google Photos Features You Didn’t Know About Ben Stegner 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Android 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Rohan Naravane Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Relax: The Mac Isn’t Going Anywhere Any Time Soon Mac Relax: The Mac Isn’t Going Anywhere Any Time Soon Khamosh Pathak March 21, 2017 21-03-2017 6 minutes Relax: The Mac Isn’t Going Anywhere Any Time Soon Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email For the past couple of months, there’s been a storm brewing, deep inside the Apple community. Apple commentators, writers and fans alike have been thinking about the future of Mac. Sparked by the fact that the Mac Pro hasn’t seen an update in 3 years, the Mac Mini’s sad state of affairs, and the new MacBook Pro’s lukewarm response Which Should You Buy: Apple Macbook Pro 2016 or Microsoft Surface Pro 4? Which Should You Buy: Apple Macbook Pro 2016 or Microsoft Surface Pro 4? Don't know whether to go with the MacBook Pro 2016 or the Surface Pro 4? We've covered all the reasons why you might -- or might not want -- one of the two laptops. Read More . Some are questioning the existence of the Mac platform years down the line. Some are looking for alternatives. If you’ve come across such articles online, let me give you the other side of the story. The Mac platform (both hardware and software) isn’t going anywhere, at least not any time soon. 1. Touch Bar Shows Apple’s Commitment to Hardware Touch Bar’s future still hangs in the air, it’s an entire new interaction paradigm. We won’t know if it’s an actually useful feature or a gimmick for at least 2–3 years. It’s been more than a year and 3D Touch is just starting to become useful Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone 3D touch is really just a fancy name for a pressure-sensitive screen, but adds a whole array of extra input options to iOS. Read More . But the fact that Apple put in the resources to develop and release the Touch Bar Apple Unveils New Touchy-Feely MacBook Pro Apple Unveils New Touchy-Feely MacBook Pro Apple has taken the wraps off of its brand new MacBook Pro. It's a beautifully designed piece of hardware, with several innovative touches and some annoying caveats potential buyers will have to beware. Read More shows us Apple’s commitment to the future of the Mac. It just might not be exactly the way we envisioned it. When you think about it, there’s an entire computer living right above the keyboard. There’s an ARM chip like the one in the Watch, there’s a touchscreen and Touch ID. That’s an amazing technological feat. It’s now up to Apple and third party developers to make it a must-have feature, rather than a gimmick. 2. Yearly Updates Show Apple’s Commitment to macOS Ever since Mavericks came out, macOS started on the path of yearly updates. The fact that Apple releases one major version of macOS every year with new features 11 macOS Sierra Things You Couldn't Do in El Capitan 11 macOS Sierra Things You Couldn't Do in El Capitan Every new macOS release introduces new tricks and features, and macOS Sierra is no exception. Read More and fixes is a big deal. Funnily enough, this is something Mac enthusiasts don’t exactly want. Mac is our workhorse. Many (myself included) would prefer if Apple took two years updating macOS, making it more stable. 3. You Can’t Develop iPhone Apps on an iPad (Yet) Right now, the Mac is the only way to create apps for iPhone and iPad. Xcode only works on the Mac. Yes, the iPad has Swift Playgrounds but it’s an app created for learning to code, not for creating apps. You could look at Swift Playgrounds on the iPad and extrapolate that it’s not too long until we have Xcode on the iPad. The reality is far more complex. It’s not that the iPad isn’t powerful enough, it’s also the fact that creating an app for iOS takes a lot more than Xcode. It takes online libraries, little tools for automation, not to mention the terminal. And all this needs to run side-by-side or one after the other. This isn’t possible in a closed iOS “one-app-at-a-time” ecosystem. 4. Developers Love Unix Like Linux, macOS is built on top of Unix. And developers love Unix because of the terminal Customize Your Mac Command Line With These Terminal Alternatives Customize Your Mac Command Line With These Terminal Alternatives One of the best ways to make macOS your own is to customize the command line, either through alternative apps or just tricking out the Terminal app. Read More . It gives them specialized automated tools Install Mac Software From Terminal With Homebrew Install Mac Software From Terminal With Homebrew Install (almost) any free Mac app by typing four words and hitting "Enter". Read More that help them work better. Starting a new web project or server takes a couple of lines of code. Things like this don’t exist on Windows. If they do, they’re hard to work through. New age languages like Ruby The 17 Best YouTube Programming Tutorials The 17 Best YouTube Programming Tutorials In this post, we'd like to point you to some of the best YouTube programming series we've found. All of these are sufficient for getting your feet wet as a newbie programmer. Read More are still difficult to setup and use on Windows. Developers use Macs for the same reason the rest of us do. They get Unix features, along with hardware that’s superior to anything on the PC side which can run Linux. 5. Some Professional Tools Are Exclusive to Mac Microsoft is doing a good job of luring digital artists Microsoft vs. Apple: A Fierce Battle for the Best Design Microsoft vs. Apple: A Fierce Battle for the Best Design With its Surface device family, Microsoft has penetrated a niche that was tightly held down by Apple: sleek hardware aimed at professional creatives. Paired with the Windows Creators Update, Microsoft may have a winning ticket. Read More with the Surface Studio and Surface Book, but designers still prefer Macs. Sketch, which is currently the hottest tool for UI and Graphic design is only available on the Mac. Then there’s Apple’s own set of pro tools: Final Cut Pro, Logic, GarageBand, and so on. In my option, the best tools for working with Markdown also exist only on the Mac What Is Markdown? 4 Reasons Why You Should Learn It Now What Is Markdown? 4 Reasons Why You Should Learn It Now Tired of HTML and WYSIWYG editors? Then Markdown is the answer for you no matter who you are. Read More . The Mac has always been a machine for creative work. And it’s one of the best systems to get any kind of work done. The app ecosystem is the proof of that. Yes, Windows has more apps but you won’t find the quality of apps anywhere else. The thoughtfulness and polish is what makes Mac apps a pleasure to use. 6. The Numbers Are Steady Mac sales have been pretty consistent in the last couple of years. Around five million units per quarter, one after the other. Mac isn’t exactly a declining business. Thanks to the more expensive MacBook Pros, the average selling price is actually going up. The iPad has been on a steady decline for the last 12 quarters. Going from 18.6 million sales in Q1 2015 to 10.6 million sales in Q1 2017. That’s quite a drop. Of course, the iPad still sells twice as many units, but not all iPads are used for getting work done. 7. Neither iOS or macOS Will Change Massively The conventional wisdom is that the iPad will replace the Mac. While some users can replace their Mac with a tablet, it’s not for everyone. The iPad can be a great productivity machine Can the iPad Pro Replace Your Laptop? Can the iPad Pro Replace Your Laptop? The iPad Pro can do a lot, but can it do enough to completely replace the humble laptop? That depends. Read More . If all you do email, communication, writing and basic Office stuff, there’s no doubt you can do all it on the iPad. But as soon as you introduce even a bit of complexity, things fall apart. Writing an article on the iPad is easy Word Processing On Your iPad? We Compare The Best Apps Word Processing On Your iPad? We Compare The Best Apps If you've got some words to be processing on your iPad, we've got the apps to help you do it. Read More . But using tools to edit it, add images, links, uploading it to WordPress is almost a nightmare. I tried it and I gave it up in a week. The same goes for coding, designing, image editing, audio ending and so on. Where is all that desire and need to replace the Mac with an iPad coming from. Everything on the Mac is better. Except drawing pictures. — Tobias Horvath (@tobyx) March 1, 2017 A lot of this is because of the way iOS is designed. Apps can’t talk to each other, there’s no way for two apps to take over one single file, there’s no official automation support New to iOS Automation? 10 Workflows to Get You Started New to iOS Automation? 10 Workflows to Get You Started Did you know you can automate many common tasks on your iPhone with a simple app called Workflow? Read More . The other thing is the lack of apps. There’s no proper Photoshop or Illustrator on the iPad. There’s no feature rich code editor or IDE on the iPad (though from what I hear, Coda 2 is pretty good). There’s no incentive for developers to pour millions of dollars in developing an iPad app. Some can’t exist on iOS because of platform limitations. The iOS ethos hasn’t changed in the past decade, and I don’t see Apple making any drastic changes now either. It’s not their style. But What If It Did Happen? Now that I’ve laid out my argument for why I don’t think the Mac is going anywhere anytime soon, let me try and tear it apart. Last quarter, Apple sold 5.4 million Mac units and earned $7.2 billion in revenue. Those are huge numbers sure, but they’re nothing compared to the iPhone: 78.2 million units and $34.9 billion in revenue. Apple is the iPhone company. As the iPad runs iOS and the same hardware, it benefits from Apple’s breakthroughs in iPhone hardware and software. It’s possible that at some point in the future, Apple will stop caring about the Macs. Maybe the numbers won’t make sense to Tim Cook. The Mac has been the preferred workstation by creatives, professionals and a subset of developers. I truly believe that for a majority of those users, there’s no other “great” option in the market right now. But what if Apple decides that it’s not the market they want to cater to anymore? We’ve seen glimpses of this with the new MacBooks already, which let go of higher performance and high capacity RAM in exchange for sleekness. Then there’s the Mac Pro which hasn’t seen an update in three years. The Mac mini’s last update was two years back, and they actually made it worse. I like to think that there are enough people inside Apple rooting for the Mac. And there’s enough people out here who cherish the Mac. Whose livelihood depends on it. And I hope Apple continues to cater to that market. What do you think about the current state of Mac hardware and software? Where do you think the puck is going? Share with us in the comments below. Charts via sixcolors.com Previous Post5 Best Auto-Saving Notepad Apps for Every PlatformNext Post7 of the Best Mac Window Management Tools 3 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Michael Walker March 22, 2017 at 2:03 pm I agree with Helen. Its not thaf Apple will stop making things, this is their business. People used to pay Apples premium prices because all in all, it was worth it. That may not be the case anymore. These new machines are sacrificing performance for thinness and still charging a growing premium. Apple is charging more for less, and no one but the true fanboys will want to pay it. Reply Helen Steeply March 22, 2017 at 7:12 am Speaking as a 'developer,' this article misses the point. I don't think macs are going to disappear. I just they're turning into something I don't want to buy. Reply Khamosh Pathak March 22, 2017 at 3:39 pm Oh, interesting. Of course, different developers work differently. The ones I talked to, even web developers feel that they either can't or don't want to switch from Mac. Reply Khamosh Pathak 22 articles Khamosh Pathak is a user defender, technology writer, and a UX designer. Advertisement Latest Giveaways ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Reolink Keen: 100% Wireless Security Cam Review & Giveaway Reolink Keen: 100% Wireless Security Cam Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending 12 Amazing Google Photos Features You Didn’t Know About Creative 12 Amazing Google Photos Features You Didn’t Know About Switching to Linux? 4 Operating Systems That Feel Like Home Linux Switching to Linux? 4 Operating Systems That Feel Like Home 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Android 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Advertisement Related Articles Microsoft vs. Apple: A Fierce Battle for the Best Design Windows Buying Guides Microsoft vs. Apple: A Fierce Battle for the Best Design 4 Mac Apps You Can Get For 50% Off Or More Deals 4 Mac Apps You Can Get For 50% Off Or More 20+ Websites Every Apple Fan Must Bookmark Mac 20+ Websites Every Apple Fan Must Bookmark Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team TechCrunch Takes ManhattanOn April 6 TechCrunch Takes Over Manhattan With 4 Events On The Same Day Find Out More Here Hardware Causes of the global water crisis and 12 companies trying to solve it Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is nice, but wait for the inevitable price drop Huawei starts delivering Alexa to its Mate 9 handsets Browse more... Amazon SD Squared launches platform to help startups get cloud billing under control Blue Origin reveals the ‘New Glenn’ takeoff and landing sequence in new video Amazon’s AWS buys Thinkbox Software, maker of tools for creative professionals Browse more... Apple Apple has acquired Workflow, a powerful automation tool for iPad and iPhone Apple’s drops AIDS charity branding for its red iPhone in China Crunch Report | Apple’s New Video Editing App Browse more... iPad Apple’s learn-to-code app Swift Playgrounds adds 5 more languages Apple’s new 9.7-inch iPad ups the processing power and lowers the price New iPad models being tested around Cupertino, logs show Browse more... Samsung Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is nice, but wait for the inevitable price drop Bixby is Samsung’s new ‘intelligent interface’ for smartphones and beyond The Samsung Galaxy S8 will come in three colors Browse more... What happened to tablet sales? Posted yesterday by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story Twitter nixed 635k+ terrorism accounts between mid-2015 and end of 2016 In the past month, both Apple and Samsung have refreshed their flagship tablets for the first time since 2014. A lot has changed in the space in the intervening years — mostly for the worse, as overall sales have continued to slip. In Q4 of last year, IDC reported that shipments had dropped 20 percent, year over year, while Strategic Analytics has the number at half that. There’s room for debate as far as precisely how down the overall market is (not to mention what precisely qualifies a device as a tablet), but there seems to at least be a consensus that early predictions of the tablet space eclipsing PCs missed the mark. The space has suffered for a variety of reasons. Among them, the fact that users simply aren’t refreshing tablets at a rate many manufacturers no doubt predicted. “The iPad 2 is still in use today,” IDC Senior Analyst Jitesh Ubrani tells TechCrunch. “The [original] iPad Minis and Air are all still in use today. They were being supported by Apple until very recently. People have been hanging onto these devices and they’re finding that they work just as well as they did when they were released.” There are a few reasons for this. For one thing, users haven’t been conditioned to upgrade slates on the same cycle as smartphone — something that’s been hammered into consumers in almost Pavlovian fashion through carrier upgrade cycles. There’s also the simple fact that we tend not to put the devices through the same sort of day to day wear and tear of smartphones, or even laptops, with many users simply leaving their devices at home and breaking them out when it’s time to watch some Netflix. Strategy Analytics senior analyst Eric Smith points to a disappointing upgrade cycle as a contributing factor to the lack of excitement surrounding tablets, singling out today’s iPad refresh as a case in point. “Absent any big innovations like a flexible screen or 4K panels,” he tells TechCrunch, “you’re really not going to be able to induce replacement the way that they have been over the last few years.” The growing size of smartphone displays has gone a ways toward cannibalizing tablet sales, as well, limiting the need for a much larger device when so many handsets are now within the six-inch range. On the high end of the spectrum, convertible touchscreen Windows 10 devices have eaten into tablet market share, while Chromebook sales have begun to dominate the education market that tablet makers once saw as a key use case. Mikako Kitagawa of Gartner also suggests that part of the slow down in sales can be chalked up to user disappointment in the devices’ limitation following the initial excitement around the space. “When users started using the tablets, they realized that the devices had limitations versus a PC,” she tells TechCrunch. “There’s also a limitation for the device on the go. They’re too bulky to bring anywhere.” So, as some users have opted out of the regular upgrade cycle, plenty more are simply content with two devices, instead of three. And as phones get bigger and PCs become more tablet-like, the gap between them only continues to shrink. Today’s price drop could well signal Apple’s response to a contracting market, as the company tries to further incentivize refreshes, push hesitant purchasers over the edge and convince iPad owners that maybe the time is right to become a two tablet household. After all, the drop follows a significant price cut from the company’s iPad Pro line back in September. And it could well prove a bellwether for premium tablets across the industry. After all, Samsung announced last week that it would be pricing the Tab S3 at $599. Don’t be too surprised to see the company slash it to something more competitive in the wake of this week’s iPad announcement. It’s all part of what could be an industry-wide race to the middle, as premium devices drop in price and many makers of cheaper slates simply decide the margins are no longer worth it. After all, Amazon marks a rare bright spot on that end of the spectrum, due to its relatively unique ability to subsidize costs as it positions Fire tablets as, essentially, content delivery devices. Though Kitagawa does suggest that the low end may get a bit of a reprieve as children’s tablets get a bit of a bump. Whatever the case, the consensus at present seems to be that tablet sales are likely to continue to erode for the foreseeable future. The introduction of new devices from the category’s two biggest sellers may stem the bleeding a bit for the quarter, but most seem to believe we’re not out of the woods yet. It’s no coincidence that companies have shifted focus back to smartphones and other categories. Samsung’s Tab S3 announcement felt more like stop-gap as the company planned its big new phone launch, devoting the end of the event to the announcement of its announcement. Today’s iPad launch this morning, meanwhile, took the form of new release, rather than a big, keynote-style unveiling. The tablet space isn’t doomed, of course. Companies are still shipping tens of millions of units a quarter. But until the next revolution comes along, it’s time to temper those expectations. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase iPad Description The Apple iPad, formerly referred to as the Apple Tablet, is a touch-pad tablet computer announced in January 2010, and released in April Website http://www.apple.com/ipad Full profile for iPad Samsung Electronics Founded 1969 Overview Samsung Electronics is a South Korean multinational electronics company engaged in consumer electronics, information technology and mobile communications, and device solutions businesses worldwide. The company develops, manufactures, and sells various consumer products, including mobile phones, tablets, televisions, Blu-ray players, DVD players, home theater systems, digital cameras, and camcorders; … Location Suwon, 17 Categories Semiconductor, Medical Device, Hardware, Electronics Website http://www.samsung.com/us Full profile for Samsung Electronics Amazon Founded 1994 Overview Amazon is an e-commerce retailer formed originally to provide consumers with products in two segments. It offers users with merchandise and content purchased for resale from vendors and those offered by third-party sellers. Operating in North American and International markets, Amazon provides its services through websites such as amazon.com and amazon.ca. It also enables authors, musicians, filmmakers, … Location Seattle, WA Categories Crowdsourcing, E-Commerce, Internet, Delivery, Retail, Software Founders Jeff Bezos Website http://amazon.com Full profile for Amazon Amazon Web Services Founded 2006 Overview Amazon Web Services provides information technology infrastructure services to businesses in the form of web services. Its products and solutions include cloud computing, compute, networking, storage and content delivery, databases, analytics, application services, deployment and management, mobile services, applications, AWS marketplace software, startups, enterprises, partners, government and education, … Location Seattle, WA Categories Web Development, Software, Information Technology, Information Services Website http://aws.amazon.com Full profile for Amazon Web Services Amazon Echo Description Amazon Echo is designed around your voice. Website http://www.amazon.com/oc/echo/ Full profile for Amazon Echo Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Google Maps Launches Location Sharing with Others | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Samsung iPad Apple Amazon Hardware Popular Posts Featured Stories Causes of the global water crisis and 12 companies trying to solve it 8 hours ago | Anna Escher, Lora Kolodny Apple has acquired Workflow, a powerful automation tool for iPad and iPhone 14 hours ago | Matthew Panzarino Medium debuts its paid membership subscription program 16 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Making sense of the laptop ban 18 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois Latest From TechCrunch Walmart’s Vudu app now converts your physical movies to digital for $2 each 42 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington Clarity Money raises another $11 million to help users improve their financial health 55 minutes ago | Ryan Lawler Ripcord gets $9.5 million Series A for its corporate file digitization service 55 minutes ago | Brian Heater WayUp gets $18.5 million more to help college grads find jobs 1 hour ago | Katie Roof Comment moderation powered by Up Next Twitter nixed 635k+ terrorism accounts between mid-2015 and end of 2016 Posted yesterday CrunchBoard Job Listings ​Startup Community and Exhibition Manager at TechCrunch (San Francisco, CA, United States) Customer Support Manager at Rise Vision (Anywhere) Customer Support Representative at Rise Vision (Anywhere) Full Stack Software Engineer at Shine (Brooklyn, NY, United States) UX & Content Strategist at Shine (Brooklyn, NY, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Walmart’s Vudu app now converts your physical movies to digital for $2 each 42 minutes ago by Darrell Etherington Clarity Money raises another $11 million to help users improve their financial health 55 minutes ago by Ryan Lawler Ripcord gets $9.5 million Series A for its corporate file digitization service 55 minutes ago by Brian Heater WayUp gets $18.5 million more to help college grads find jobs 1 hour ago by Katie Roof New augmented reality visualization app Dotty has launched in the app store 2 hours ago by Jonathan Shieber Singapore’s Carro lands $12M to expand its auto listings business to vehicle financing 2 hours ago by Jon Russell Lessons learned from the Russian hacking scandal and our “cyber” election 3 hours ago by Joel Wallenstrom Lystable takes $10M top-up to tackle freelancer payments 3 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Italy’s MotorK, a company that offers digital services to the automotive industry, raises $10M Series A 4 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Drivemode raises $6.5M from Panasonic and others for smartphone car tech 4 hours ago by Darrell Etherington
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home News Apple cuts prices on lower end iPads, releases red iPhones Apple cuts prices on lower end iPads, releases red iPhones Mar 21, 2017 The Associated Press   0 Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn’t materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 per cent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. THE NEW LINEUP The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but the display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn’t have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday’s announcement makes it “even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now _ the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind.” DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 per cent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren’t upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet refresh by a month. The South Korean company has announced an Android update, the Galaxy Tab S3, along with two new Windows models, both called Galaxy Book. The Galaxy Tab S3 starts selling Friday for $600 and comes with a pen (something sold separately with the iPad Pro). A keyboard attachment costs $130. Samsung hasn’t announced retail plans for the Book, but the price is expected to be higher, given that the keyboard is included, alongside the pen. Vela said the new Galaxy tablets might help Samsung increase its market share slightly, but they won’t be serious threats to Apple, especially as the latest price cuts make iPads very competitive. Microsoft is also due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. The Galaxy Book is more likely to challenge the Surface than iPads. Amazon, meanwhile, continually refreshes its tablet lineup, though it focuses on budget devices in hopes of drawing people to its other services, including video, e-books and a loyalty program called Prime. Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture Get our daily briefing on innovation, leadership, technology & the economy. Weekdays at 6 AM ET. Learn More » Enter your email to sign up: Easily unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy & Terms of Service shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Modern Dad Five things with Modern Dad Modern Dad Modern Dad & the Withings Wireless BP Monitor Modern Dad The two things you MUST do online ... Clear eyes full bellies can't lose Modern Dad's guide to the Super Bowl!!! Modern Dad BoomTouch speaker first impressions are ... good? < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Shop: Insanely Cheap Wireless Plans Modern Dad The best streaming video box for most people is a Roku By Phil Nickinson Tuesday, Mar 21, 2017 at 11:32 am EDT 7 Comments Yeah, Apple TV is great. Really great. But beyond that, the best all-around streaming video box for most people absolutely is the Roku. So you're cutting the cable TV cord. Good for you. And while we love Apple TV — those screen savers and easy AirPlay!!! — you can't help that it's missing services like Amazon video, and Google content, if someone in your house swings that way. Which streaming box is the best for more people? Easy answer. For most folks, Roku is going to be the best bang for your buck. Subscribe to Modern Dad on YouTube! First: Why a Roku? It pretty much has every streaming service available. (Everything except Apple content because Apple is why we can't have nice things.) It's got PlayStation Vue. Sling. Amazon. Google. Netflix. Chromecast. YouTube. So many different "channels" that for as long as I've had a Roku I feel like I've barely scratched the surface. (DirecTV Now is listed as coming eventually.) Why a Roku Ultra, though, when there are sticks for a third of the cost? You get what you pay for. Yeah, the stick is cheap and can do a decent job, but if you want 4K resolution and HDR and USB media and a better remote and private listening and ... Basically it's way more future proof, and tended to handle the streams for me better. If you just want a test of how all this works, fine. A stick will do. But if you're serious about it, it's worth spending the extra money. See at Amazon Modern Dad Subscribe on YouTube Facebook Twitter Instagram Snapchat See the gear Reader comments The best streaming video box for most people is a Roku 7 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating tbsteph Agree 100%. The Roku 4 Ultra is a very nice device. Only use AppleTV (3) for Apple stuff. 0 1 day ago Reply brettferrell I'm sure it's very nice, but for me, the Over-the-Air Tivo is by far my preferred streaming device. 0 1 day ago Reply nite732 Agreed. My Bolt get's me over the air content and is a DVR and also all the major streaming content with 4K so it is future proof. I'm using plex on it but if they ever get Kodi on it I think I will be completely done using my Apple TV. 0 18 hours ago Reply jkeitz No iTunes content is a deal breaker for me. Also, the user interface is far superior on AppleTV. 2 1 day ago Reply Derrick4Real i think opinions will vary on interface. i think a lot of people will be swayed by apple's gloss and pretty colors. I do recognized thought that many people will enjoy the roku interface in that the homescreen is uber streamlined and organized and what many will view as a better remote. But hey opinions will vary. 0 1 day ago Reply Derrick4Real I'd agree. i do use an Amazon firestick at the moment. But i have a Roku and a Fire TV and an old wdtv player i still have plugged in because it streams files from my hard drive pretty much better than anything not a nvidia sheild. For me Roku is great, The biggest issue is no kodi. But I don't care at all about buying from apple even though i have an iphone and a mac. Roku has all the apps (save kodi). After that i'd go with Fire tv and i'd honestly, I might go with that ahead of Roku just because of Kodi but "everybody" doesn't need kodi. For me apple tv is a distant 3rd or 4th. And money no object Sheild is first. But I the the apple remote. I wanted to get one for my mother but she felt the her thumb getting sore trying to use that thing and preferred real buttons on the firestick. Appletv's are also overpriced in my opinion for what you get. That said, the top of the line Roku is overpriced too so kinda a wash there. I think the look and textures of apple tv look ok but i'm not fond of the layout. Roku looks dated to me in terms of appearance but the layout is great and streamlined. Firetv is better now but you still have to deal with the bombardment of amazon stuff being thrust upon you. but the new update puts your apps in a row at the top and honestly, now i never need to go past that first row. Be better if i could remove all the other stuff from being visible but i'm fine with it. For me if money were no object i'd get a Sheild hands down. Money is an object though so Amazon's more customizable device with sideloading apps, kodi ability, and better price wins for me though and is what i'm using, for the average person Roku's is probably better and second for my needs. Unfortunately Apple's device doesn't fit my needs, and has too many comprimises and isn't really i the running. 0 1 day ago Reply xToddrick They need to redesign their horrible remote. It's the worst contemporary remote I've ever owned. The button design makes it so easy to accidentally hit buttons when you shift where you're sitting . Extremely frustrating. They should update it based on their original remote design which didn't have this issue. -1 21 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s Cheap iPad Looks Like a Winner Apple cuts costs to deliver a more affordable iPad. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Mar 21, 2017 at 2:30PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has had to face the unfortunate reality of falling iPad sales for quite a while now. Tablets are feeling the squeeze from large smartphones (like Apple's own iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 7 Plus) on one side and by 2-in-1 personal computers on the other. Apple has done a lot of work to try to increase the capabilities and aesthetic desirability of its flagship iPad models, and it has been aggressive in cutting the prices of older models to try to attract more customers. Despite these moves, however, the long-term trend for the iPad still seems to be down. Image source: Apple. On March 21, Apple announced the oft-rumored "low-cost" 9.7-inch iPad. Let's look at it and what it means for its iPad business. Building a cheaper iPad Air 2 Apple has historically discounted its older-generation iPad models to service lower price points. This strategy generally works for a couple of reasons. First, over time the components that go into a device become cheaper to acquire and manufacturing yield rates for finished devices go up (lowering production cost). Additionally, with the presence of better, more attractive products higher up in the product stack, Apple can afford to reduce its gross margin percentage on older products as the newer, higher-priced, and (presumably) higher-margin products make up an increasingly large portion of its product mix. However, because the older devices were still fundamentally designed for relatively high price points, there is a limit -- even considering all the dynamics I mentioned above -- to how low pricing on these older models can go before it's no longer economically viable to sell them. Apple's new cheap 9.7-inch iPad seems to be designed from the ground up to allow Apple to effectively service the $329 price point with an appropriate cost structure. For example, it uses the A9 chip, which is certainly cheaper to produce than the A9X found in the iPad Pro and is almost certainly cheaper to produce than the older A8X found inside of the iPad Air 2. The cheaper iPad also lacks a fully laminated display or anti-reflective coating, both of which improve image quality and user experience but also add real cost to the manufacturing of the device. In effect, Apple is releasing a cheaper-to-build iPad Air 2 that'll be able to effectively (and profitably) allow Apple to address the $329 (32 GB) and $429 (64 GB) price points. At the same time, there is enough feature differentiation between the cheaper iPad and the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro to make going with the latter a sensible option for customers willing and able to spend more for a better user experience. What does this mean for Apple's iPad business? I don't think the release of this cheaper iPad is going to be a significant change for Apple's iPad business, but it has the potential to boost unit shipments through share gains at lower price points. But, given that Apple really needs to find a way to end (and possibly reverse) the decline in its iPad business, it's only natural that it would try to find ways to boost sales by widening the range of price points that iPad addresses. That said, Apple's high-end iPad lineup (iPad Pro 9.7-inch and iPad Pro 12.9-inch) is sorely in need of a refresh as both models have been in the market for a while now (this holds especially true for the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, a device that lacks features that the cheaper 9.7-inch iPad Pro has). The higher end of the market is still the most important segment to Apple (it's the most lucrative/exciting), so refreshing it as soon as possible is imperative. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 2:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $140.75 down $0.67 (-0.47%) Read More Report: Apple Inc.'s Revolutionary OLED iPhone Will Have a Flat Display Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140. What's Next? How Apple Inc. Can Keep the Premium iPhone a Step Ahead Apple Inc.'s Sensible iPhone SE Refresh Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple Inc.'s Cheap iPad Looks Like a Winner @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Gets Aggressive With the New iPad Brought to you by the iPhone SE playbook. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Mar 21, 2017 at 1:57PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has made a few quiet product updates this morning. No event. Not much fanfare. Just a few press releases with some minor changes for the iPhone and iPad. For starters, the company is launching a new (Product) RED Special Edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Like all products that participate, a portion of the proceeds go toward combatting AIDS, and Apple has been partnered with (RED) for over a decade. The company says it is the largest corporate donor to the (RED) Global Fund, contributing over $130 million over the years, which is a fairly significant chunk of the $465 million that (RED) has raised since 2006. The red version does look pretty striking. Image source: Apple. Introducing the new, old iPad What's happening to the iPad line is more meaningful. Apple is ditching the "Air" branding and the numbers, simplifying the new tablet as just "iPad." There don't appear to be any perceptible changes to the design other than it being a tiny bit thicker (1.4 mm) than the outgoing iPad Air 2; the dimensions are the same as the original iPad Air from 2013. In terms of specifications, the new iPad is getting a newer A9 chip, and it has a slightly larger battery than the iPad Air 2 (which may explain the slight increase in thickness). Camera specs were unchanged. New 9.7-inch iPad. Image source: Apple. The real story is the price, which is being dropped to an aggressive $329, which gets a base 32 GB of storage. Adding an extra $100 quadruples the storage to 128 GB, while cellular connectivity will set you back an additional $130 -- familiar pricing structures for Apple. The company lowered the price of the iPad Air 2 to $399 (16 GB) a year ago, so we're talking about a $70 reduction combined with more base storage. If this sounds familiar, that's probably because this is almost the exact same strategy that Apple implemented with last year's iPhone SE: Put the most current specs (most notably the processor) into a slightly older form factor while reducing the price substantially. Brought to you by the iPhone SE playbook Almost exactly a year ago, I noted that the iPhone SE represented a major strategic shift for Apple while acknowledging some potential implications for the iPad. While Apple didn't apply the strategy to the iPad Minis like I expected, it is still clearly borrowing pages from the iPhone SE playbook. Apple says the 9.7-inch display is the most popular, so using this strategy here is a slightly different approach; consumer preferences have been shifting toward larger displays (i.e., away from the iPhone SE's 4-inch display) for years. Speaking of the Mini, this price change puts the 7.9-inch tablet in a precarious position. The iPad Mini 4 still starts at $399, but Apple has just increased the included storage to 128 GB as the only storage option. It still comes with an older A8 chip and a smaller display, yet costs more than the new 9.7-inch iPad. The iPad Mini 2 has now been discontinued. The upside The aggressive pricing will hopefully spur additional unit sales, at least on the consumer side where the iPad is positioned. There may be some modest dilution of iPad average selling prices, but only if the new 9.7-inch iPad proves popular. Apple now appears intent on focusing its developmental resources on the Pro lineup that is targeting the enterprise (support for Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard are still reserved for Pro models). Anything that has the potential to boost iPad sales is the right call in my book. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 1:57PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $140.75 down $0.67 (-0.47%) Read More Report: Apple Inc.'s Revolutionary OLED iPhone Will Have a Flat Display Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140. What's Next? How Apple Inc. Can Keep the Premium iPhone a Step Ahead Apple Inc.'s Sensible iPhone SE Refresh Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Acquires Workflow App and Developers, Makes Workflow Free Download Hackers Threaten to Wipe Out Millions of iCloud Accounts if Apple doesn't Pay $75K iPads, other Electronics Banned on Flights to US from Several Islamic Countries Tips How to Check Out Your Printer's Webpage (And Why You Might Want To!) Here's How To Protect Yourself From The iCloud Extortionists Podcasts Apple Loves Outdated Tech and Gives up on Social Media, Plus Electrified LEGO - ACM 403 Apple's New iPad, Extortionists Threaten iCloud - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-22 View All Results → HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick View All Reviews → Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath Apple Pays Zilch in New Zealand Taxes on $4.2 Billion in Sales View All Editorials → Apple Targets Social Media Crowd with New Clips App Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Mar 21st, 2017 9:55 AM EDT | Product News Apple teased a new video capture and editing app called Clips on Tuesday that targets social media app users. The app lets users snap videos, apply effects and edits, and upload their creations to popular social networks and video sharing sites. Apple’s new social media app: Clips Clips includes video filters, background posters, stickers, animations, and titles that can be added during recording or later when editing. Video can be captured in the app, or you can use videos you previously recorded and stored in Photos. The app also includes a Smart Suggestions feature that uses facial recognition from Photos to suggest who you might be in your videos, and you can share your creations with those people via Messages. Clips supports Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and YouTube. It requires the still unreleased iOS 10.3 update and is compatible with the iPhone 5s and newer, the iPad mini 2 and newer, iPad Air, iPad Pro, the just announced 9.7-inch iPad, and the 6th generation iPod touch. Apple says Clips will be a free download starting in April. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Clips, iPad, iPhone, Social Media, video One Comment Add a comment Lee Dronick March 21, 2017 Hmmm, what will happen to iOS iMovie? March 21, 2017 at 2:00 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em Bob LeVitus | March 22, 2017 iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Bryan Chaffin | March 21, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $140.66 -0.76 (-0.53%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Acquires Workflow App and Developers, Makes Workflow Free Download Hackers Threaten to Wipe Out Millions of iCloud Accounts if Apple doesn't Pay $75K iPads, other Electronics Banned on Flights to US from Several Islamic Countries iTunes 12.6 Lets You Watch Rental Movies Across All Your Devices Here Are 14 New Apple Watch Bands Announced Tuesday Recent Tips See All » How to Check Out Your Printer's Webpage (And Why You Might Want To!) Here's How To Protect Yourself From The iCloud Extortionists You Can Get Auto Insurance Quotes From Facebook Messenger Tip: Easily Change Your iOS DNS Settings iCloud: Turning Off Desktop and Documents Syncing Recent Editorials See All » Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath Apple Pays Zilch in New Zealand Taxes on $4.2 Billion in Sales 13619 Jeff Gamet product-news 1 1490090103 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Squarespace Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist iTunes 12.6 ClamXav 2.12.1 Microsoft Office 2016 15.32 Fantastical 2.3.4 PDFpen and PDFpenPro 8.3.3 ChronoSync 4.7.5 1Password 6.6.2 Hazel 4.0.9 Lightroom CC 2015.9 and Lightroom 6.9 ChronoSync 4.7.4     Related Articles iTunes 12.6 (21 Mar 17)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 21 Mar 2017 | Print  | Comment (0) Apple Introduces (PRODUCT)RED iPhones, Doubles iPhone SE Storage by Josh Centers Apple has announced some minor updates to the iPhone line: a (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Special Edition and increased storage tiers for the smaller iPhone SE model. The company has also introduced some new colors for iPhone cases and Apple Watch bands. Apple has long partnered with the (RED) charity to benefit the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria by offering products in the licensed (PRODUCT)RED color. Apple has now announced the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition, which are the same as the existing iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models, but in a red aluminum finish. The (PRODUCT)RED iPhones will become available for ordering on 24 March 2017. While they’re the same price as equivalent existing iPhone models, they’re available only with 128 GB and 256 GB of storage; there is no 32 GB storage tier. Kudos to Apple for supporting (RED), but we can’t help but think there would have been more impact if these models were available at the iPhone 7’s September 2016 launch, instead of six months later. If you already own an iPhone 7, but like the red color, you can buy a (PRODUCT)RED leather case for it from Apple. Apple also quietly doubled the storage tiers for the 4-inch iPhone SE, so you can now get a 32 GB model for $399 or a 128 GB model for $499. Finally, Apple also introduced new iPhone case colors. The silicone case is now available in Azure, Camelia, and Pebble, while the leather case is now available in Berry, Pebble, and Taupe. Apple added to the Apple Watch band options too. The popular Apple Watch sport band is also now available in the Azure, Camelia, and Pebble colors. Plus, there’s also now a new Black/Volt Nike sport band, a orange woven nylon band, a saddle brown classic buckle band, and a new Hermès Fauve Barenia leather band. If you find these announcements underwhelming, it’s likely that Apple is merely clearing the decks for more significant announcements in the near future. In particular, the flagship iPad Pro line is due for a refresh, as are many Mac models.   Make your next move with a beautiful website and customized domain name. Squarespace’s all-in-one platform makes it easy. Use offer code ‘TIDBITS’ for 10% off your first purchase. Try Squarespace today! <http://bit.ly/2ma47w8>   Comments about Apple Introduces (PRODUCT)RED iPhones, Doubles iPhone SE Storage To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple has announced some minor updates, including a new iPhone 7 color, doubled iPhone SE storage tiers, and new colors for iPhone cases and Apple Watch bands. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The evolution of the iPad, Apple's revolutionary tablet On January 27, 2010, Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the new iPad during an Apple Special Event at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco, California. Post to Facebook The evolution of the iPad, Apple's revolutionary tablet On January 27, 2010, Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the new iPad during an Apple Special Event at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco, California.     Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2mMBBxa {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs The evolution of the iPad, Apple's revolutionary tablet None On January 27, 2010, Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the new iPad during an Apple Special Event at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco, California. Paul Sakuma, AP None Steve Jobs demonstrates the features of the iPad at the Apple Special Event in San Francisco, Calif. on Jan. 27, 2010. Justin Sullivan, Getty Images None Sinai Azmoudea, 23, of Dallas Texas, right, waits on line for the release of Apple's iPad on April 2, 2010, at the Apple Store on Fifth Avenue in New York. Employees set up barriers to control the throngs expected to line up for the $499 device. David Goldman, Getty Images None Lyle Haney (C) stops to have his picture taken as he wears a iPad costume while waiting in line to purchase the new iPad at an Apple store April 3, 2010, in San Francisco, Calif=. Hundreds of people lined up hours before the Apple store opened to purchase the new iPad. Justin Sullivan, Getty Images None An early customer emerges from the Apple store on Fifth Avenue with Apple's new iPad on April 3, 2010 in New York City. Spencer Platt, Getty Images None The first customer in the shop, Kazuki Miura (R), receives his iPad from fashion model, singer and actress Lena Fujii (L), as they start to go on sale at the shop of Japanese internet service provider Softbank, Apple's exclusive partner in Japan, in central Tokyo on May 28, 2010. Apple's much-hyped iPad went on sale in a swathe of countries from Australia and Japan to Europe at the start of a global rollout tipped to change the face of computing. Toshifumi Kitamura, AFP/Getty Images None Shelves of Apple iPad products on display in the new Apple Store In Covent Garden on August 5, 2010, in London, England. Ian Gavan, Getty Images None On March 2, 2011, Steve Jobs unveiled a thinner and lighter iPad 2 as the successor to its popular tablet, the iPad. Justin Sullivan, Getty Images None An ipad 2 is displayed on October 5, 2011, in Los Angeles, showing the changed Apple website paying homage to the company's visionary leader Steve Jobs who died from cancer aged just 56. Jobs revolutionized modern culture and changed forever the world's relationship to technology through inventions such as the iPad and iPhone. Frederic J. Brown, AFP/Getty Images None Los Angeles Angels senior video coordinator Diego Lopez looks at video of the Angels players on a iPad at their spring training facility in Tempe, Az on March 13, 2012. Rob Schumacher, for USA TODAY None A customer tries a new Apple iPad at Apple's flagship store on Fifth Avenue, in New York on March 16, 2012. Apple's iPad outmuscled its Android-powered tablet computer rivals in early 2012, in a global market suffering from post-holiday hangover, a survey showed May 3, 2012. Global shipments of tablet devices and e-readers slumped 38.4 percent in the first three months of 2012 to 17.4 million, compared with a fourth quarter pumped up by the holiday gift-giving season, according to research firm IDC. But year-over-year, tablet sales were up a whopping 120 percent, in a market shifting away from desktop and laptop computers. Emmanuel Dunand, AFP/Getty Images None An employee carries boxes containing Apple's new iPad at the Apple Store at the Leidseplein in Amsterdam on March 23, 2012. Koen van Wee, AFP/Getty Images None Customers Kota Suzuki, left, and Mio Kawai wait in line to buy Apple's iPad Mini at a store in Tokyo on Nov. 2, 2012. Koji Sasahara, AP None Apple employees use demonstration models of the new 'iPad mini' on the morning of the tablet's launch in the Apple Store in Covent Garden on November 2, 2012, in London, England. Customers have queued outside Apple Store branches around the world to be some of the first people to purchase the new smaller iPad tablet computer; the iPad mini screen measures 7.9 inches diagonally compared to 9.7 inches for a regular iPad. Oli Scarff, Getty Images None Developers look over new apps being displayed on iPads at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco on June 10, 2013. Eric Risberg, AP None An Apple employee carries boxes of the new iPad Air at the Apple store on November 1, 2013, in New York. The new iPad, which will also comes in a mini version and is the fifth generation of the popular tablet, is 20% thinner and 28% lighter than the current fourth-generation iPad. It has the same 9.7-inch screen as previous iPads and uses the same A7 processing chip that's in the iPhone 5S. Spencer Platt, Getty Images None President Obama (L) uses an Apple iPad to record a seventh grader as he tours a classroom that uses technology to enhance students' learning experience, prior to delivering remarks on the ConnectED Initiative at Buck Lodge Middle School Feb. 4, 2014 in Adelphi, Md. Pool, Getty Images None The new iPad Air 2 with TouchID fingerprint recognition is unveiled on Oct. 16, 2014, during an event in Cupertino, Calif. Apple released the new iPad, including the iPad Mini 3, and introduced updated operating software. Apple, which popularized tablets with its iPad, remained the largest single global vendor in the second quarter but its market share fell to 26.9 percent from 33 percent in 2013. Glenn Chapman, AFP/Getty Images None The iPad Air 2, right, and iPad Mini 3 are photographed side by side at Apple headquarters on Oct. 16, 2014 in Cupertino, Calif. Apple unveiled the thinner iPad with a faster processor and a better camera as it tries to drive excitement for tablets amid slowing demand. Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP None Apple's new iPad Pro on display following Apple's announcement of new products during an event in San Francisco, Calif, on Sept. 9, 2015. At a product presentation before thousands of journalists and Apple employees in San Francisco, Apple introduced the latest iPhone and iPads, as well as new designs and features for Apple Watch. Monica Davey, European Pressphoto Agency None In 2015 Apple also released the the Apple Pencil which allowed users to write and draw directly on the iPad Pro's multi-touch display. Apple None The new 12.9‑inch iPad Pro featured the largest display size of the iPad line and allowed user to view two apps at once. Apple None Members of the media and invited guests take a look at the new iPad Pro during an event at Apple headquarters on March 21, 2016, in Cupertino, Calif. Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP None Members of the media and invited guests take a look at the new iPad Pro during an event at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, Calif on March 21, 2016. Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP None A shopper checks out iPads at the Apple Store at the City Creek Center looking for 'Black Friday" deals on November 25, 2016, in Salt Lake City, Utah. George Frey, Getty Images None A guest takes a picture with her iPad during a presentation from the Fall/Winter 2017/18 collection by Marcel Ostertag during the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Berlin, in Berlin, Germany on Jan.18, 2017. Clemens Bilan, European Pressphoto Agency Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 26 2 of 26 3 of 26 4 of 26 5 of 26 6 of 26 7 of 26 8 of 26 9 of 26 10 of 26 11 of 26 12 of 26 13 of 26 14 of 26 15 of 26 16 of 26 17 of 26 18 of 26 19 of 26 20 of 26 21 of 26 22 of 26 23 of 26 24 of 26 25 of 26 26 of 26 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide None On January 27, 2010, Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the new iPad during an Apple Special Event at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco, California. Paul Sakuma, AP
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,433 Reviews & Articles | 54,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU WEEKLY GIVEAWAY: In Win 909 Black Gaming Computer Case Home News Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones Apple doubles the iPhone SE storage to 32GB and 128GB The good news is that the price of the phone will remain the same By: Lana Jelic | Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones News | Posted: 1 day, 19 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Apple has doubled the internal storage capacity of the iPhone SE. The news was announced on the iPhone SE's one-year anniversary.     Apple has doubled the current iPhone SE storage from 16GB to 32GB, and from 64GB to 128GB. The good news is that the price of the phone will remain the same, meaning that the 32GB version will cost you $399, while the 128GB version will be priced at $499.   The new version of the iPhone SE will be available beginning Friday, March 24th, at Apple Stores and their online website.   Other specs of the phone will remain the same as the original iPhone SE. Recommended for You Leaked video shows a working Galaxy S8 Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 leaks: Dual camera and smaller bezels... Apple announces cheaper and faster iPad Apple launches red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus >> NEXT STORY: Apple announces cheaper and faster iPad << PREVIOUS STORY: Leaked video shows a working Galaxy S8 Related Tags Apple iPhone iPhone SE smartphone smartphones iOS Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Manli's upcoming GTX 1080 Ti features blower fan design Hey MSI, where's your GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Lightning? EVGA unveils GTX 1080 Ti SC, SC2, and FTW3 variants Overwatch map editor, highlight savings are coming soon GTX 1080 Ti hits 3GHz on LN2, all on reference PCBView More News Posts Forum Activity Corsair ONE Pro SFF Gaming PC Review AnyRactive GoTouch Portable Whiteboard Review Download "ScanPST.exe tool Gamdias Hermes P1 RGB Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Review H170-PLUS D3 and i7 7700K, both new computer says nothing.View More Forum Posts Press Releases COLORFUL wins innovation award from Intel Composer Olivier Deriviere pioneers real-time generated interactive music for GET EVEN BIOSTAR launches compact high-speed storage solution with M200 M.2 SSD EpicGear launches MORPHA X RGB fully modular gaming mouse ASUS announces USB-AC53 Nano Wi-Fi adapterView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Technology Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones Updated: March 21, 2017 — 3:34 PM EDT Facebook icon 1Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Two Philly pizzerias make ‘Food & Wine’s’ list of 'Best Pizza Places' in U.S. about 1 hour ago Owner of iconic gay bar key to Philly DA case Mar 22 - 7:25 PM by ANICK JESDANUN, The Associated Press Close icon ANICK JESDANUN The Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) - Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn't materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple unveiled them through press releases Tuesday rather than a staged event, as it typically does for bigger product releases. The iPad updates come as the tablet market continues to decline, after a few years of rapid growth. According to IDC, tablet shipments fell 20 percent to 53 million worldwide in the final three months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. THE NEW LINEUP The iPad Air 2 is replaced by a new model simply called the iPad. It retains a 9.7-inch screen, but gains a little weight and thickness. The display is brighter and the processor faster. Its price starts at $329 for 32 gigabytes of storage, down from $399. The standard-size iPad is now cheaper than the smaller Mini model. The 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 now comes with 128 gigabytes of storage starting at $399, rather than $499 before. Apple is eliminating the 32-gigabyte model, which used to sell for $399. Nothing else is changing. Apple is also releasing a red edition of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; for each phone sold, Apple is donating an unspecified amount to HIV and AIDS programs. And Apple is doubling the storage on the smaller iPhone SE while keeping the $399 starting price. The new iPad Mini 4 is available right away, while the standard-size iPad comes out next week, with orders to begin Friday. The new iPhone SE comes out Friday, while the red iPhones are expected by the end of the month, with advance orders beginning Friday. THE MISSING DEVICE IDC analyst Jorge Vela had high hopes for a 10.5-inch iPad. He said such a size might have offered room for a better keyboard, compared with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and it wouldn't have been as bulky as the 12.9-inch version. And Apple typically sparks consumer interest when it has new sizes and designs, Vela said, as seen by a jump in sales following the introduction of larger iPhones in 2014 (iPhone sales have since dropped.) Vela said a 10.5-inch version might have been enough for existing iPad owners to upgrade. A 10.5-inch version may still come this year, closer to the holiday shopping season, along with updates to existing Pro sizes. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said Tuesday's announcement makes it "even clearer that there are two very distinct iPad tiers now - the iPad Pro and the basic iPads. The iPad Pros will likely continue to get all the best new features, while the basic iPad will get occasional updates and new features a little later than the Pros, lagging a generation or two behind." The processor in the new standard-size iPad, for instance, is akin to what's in the iPhone 6S from 2015. The Mini's processor is even older. DOWN BUT NOT OUT In the last three months of 2016, iPhones generated 10 times the revenue as iPads. Unit sales of iPads fell 19 percent from the previous year. Yet Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed optimism because many people were buying iPads for the first time, indicating that the market had yet to reach saturation, the point at which everyone who wants a particular product already has one. Dawson agrees that the number of tablet owners is still growing, even if overall sales are declining because people aren't upgrading often. He said the new $329 price for the 9.7-inch iPad should help spur sales. New 9.7-inch models have previously cost at least $499. Far from holding a clearance sale, Vela said Apple is merely taking advantage of lower prices for older components. And Apple might be able to preserve higher profit margins by pushing people into a model with four times the storage, or 128 gigabytes; the extra storage costs Apple far less than the extra $100 that model sells for, Vela said. CHALLENGERS Apple remains the market leader, accounting for about a quarter of all tablets shipped in the fourth quarter, according to IDC. Samsung beat Apple to a tablet announcement by nearly a month, though Samsung's Android-based Galaxy Tab S3 doesn't actually start selling until this Friday, for $600. Vela doesn't consider it a serious threat to Apple. Even though the Tab S3 is more in line with iPad Pros in quality, Vela said people tend to buy Samsung tablets as media-consumption devices, something they can do with the cheaper iPads. Samsung also has two Windows 10 tablets coming. Called the Galaxy Book, the Windows devices are more likely to challenge Microsoft's Surface than iPads. Microsoft is due for a refresh of its Surface Pro tablet, last updated in October 2015. ___ AP Technology Writer Mae Anderson contributed to this report. Published: March 21, 2017 — 9:53 AM EDT | Updated: March 21, 2017 — 3:34 PM EDT Do you have a minute?... Over the past year, the Inquirer, the Daily News and Philly.com have uncovered corruption in local and state public offices, shed light on hidden and dangerous environmental risks, and deeply examined the region’s growing heroin epidemic. This is indispensable journalism, brought to you by the largest, most experienced newsroom in the region. Fact-based journalism of this caliber isn’t cheap. We need your support to keep our talented reporters, editors and photographers holding government accountable, looking out for the public interest, and separating fact from fiction. If you already subscribe, thank you. If not, please consider doing so by clicking on the button below. Subscriptions can be home delivered in print, or digitally read on nearly any mobile device or computer, and start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in business Transportation › What travel experts are saying about the airline electronics ban Labor and Unions › How ban-the-box rules help ex-offenders, hurt women, young people Real Estate › No property taxes, no problem: Study finds controversial abatement a positive for Philly Riverkeeper's suit against federal pipeline agency is dismissed A federal judge has dismissed the Delaware Riverkeeper Network’s suit alleging that a federal agency responsible for approving large... Art sales slipped worldwide in 2016 The global art market contracted for the second straight year in 2016, falling to the lowest level since the financial crisis as economic and... Nike, Sears give markets bad news on a mixed day NEW YORK - After a shaky start, U.S. stocks finished mostly higher Wednesday as technology and industrial companies rose. Banks fell with interest... Mounting debt, empty offices at Kushner tower The Manhattan tower co-owned by the family of Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law, has been losing money for three years and faces increasing... PMN guild members vote down contract offer that would end seniority How defense lawyers would fight case against Williams Art gifts: Shrinking DuPont donates Wyeths from ex-HQ, hotel Blue, red, urban, rural -- Pa. voters back help for ex-offenders Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Apple Releases New 9.7-Inch iPad to Replace iPad Air 2 GO The price for the new iPad starts at about $329 Mar 21, 2017 18:09 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Today, Apple announced new red color variants for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, together with a new iPad that would replace the current iPad Air 2. The iPad introduced by Apple today is quite similar to the iPad Air 2, but it does feature some differences. The new Apple iPad comes with an A9 chip and a brighter Retina display. Apple simply called the new tablet “iPad,” after the company decided to discontinue the Air 2. The device is an entry-level tablet with a 9.7-inch display and prices reaching $329 for the 32GB variant and $429 for the model with 128GB of internal storage. The tablet doesn’t have a fully laminated display or anti-reflective coating, but it does feature a 2048 x 1536 resolution and 264ppi, together with an 8MP iSight rear camera and 1.2MP front shooter with FaceTime features.  The new iPad will be available to order starting this Friday The new 9.7-inch iPad has two speakers, a Lightning connector and a 3.5mm headphone jack. It also features Touch ID with support for Apple Pay, Bluetooth 4.2 and Wi-Fi 802.11ac connectivity options. “New customers and anyone looking to upgrade will love this new iPad for use at home, in school, and for work, with its gorgeous Retina display, our powerful A9 chip, and access to the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for it,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. Apple created special apps for the new iPad Considering its lower price, the new iPad doesn’t have the Smart Connector, Apple Pencil or Smart Keyboard support that the iPad Pro offers. The new 9.7-inch iPad will be available for order starting this Friday, March 24, from Apple.com and in Apple Stores next week. Customers from a number of countries will be able to buy the new tablet in the coming months.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (4 Images) #Apple#iPad#iPad Air 2#iPad Pro#iPhone 7 Plus subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Apple's new 9.7-inch iPad (4 Images) 01 02 03 04 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple Launches Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple Store Goes Down As the Company Prepares to Introduce New Products AppleCare+ Can Now Be Purchased One Year After Getting a New iPhone Apple Releases Beta 7 of iOS 10.3 & macOS 10.12.4 Sierra to Devs, Public Testers Qualcomm Prevented Samsung From Selling Its Exynos Chipsets Apple Patent Shows Accessory That Transforms An iPhone or iPad into a MacBook New Galaxy S8 and S8+ Press Shots Surface, Together with Official Teaser Super Mario Run is Now Officially Available on Android Phones Qualcomm Prevented Samsung From Selling Its Exynos Chipsets Google Updates Duo With Audio-Only Calls, Allo Can Now Share Files Apple Patent Shows Accessory That Transforms An iPhone or iPad into a MacBook Target to Offer Freebies for Galaxy S8 Pre-Orders, Leaked Ad Shows 4 photos    New 9.7-inch iPad New Mac Apps Yummy FTP Pro: An easy to use yet very powerful FTP client for Mac OS X designed to handle both basic functionalities and provide access to more advanced features. File Multi Tool: The ultimate file tweaking tool for Mac OS X which enables you to change EXIF timestamps, change creation and modification dates and much more Big Business: Provides a complete and multi-platform solution for managing various details related to your business, customers, inventory and more beaTunes: Helps you analyze your iTunes library and create better playlists based on the songs genre, download missing metadata and eliminate duplicates ProSelect: Straightforward and all-encompassing OS X solution designed for professional portraiture studios that need a presentation, sales and workflow application OmniGraffle: Provides a plethora of efficient tools for drawing clear and organized diagrams, family trees, flow charts, layouts and much more. Dolphin: A free and very useful application designed to act as a GameCube or Wii emulator and to bring the console gaming experience to your desktop Reader comments Apple Is Working on a Number of AR Features for the Next iPhone more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
