Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: February 16, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Email Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
News    Victor Vran: Overkill Edition announcedOverwatch Tracer: Classic Skin Edition Nendoroid announcedRocket League getting PS4 Pro support next weekResident Evil 7 Banned Footage Volume 2 hits PS4GOG has a new 6 day “From Wishlists, With Love” sale on for 6 daysBridge Constructor has just been released on PlayStation VitaVIEW ALL Reviews    Halo Wars 2 ReviewHow to Survive 2 ReviewAlwa’s Awakening ReviewApple AirPods ReviewDivide ReviewSemispheres ReviewVIEW ALL Features    Mario Sports Superstars is shaping up to be a lot of funAce Combat 7: Skies Unknown is infinitely more satisfying thanks to PSVRNieR: Automata provides pristine combat and stunning post-apocalyptic visualsNieR: Automata: An interview with Taro Yoko, Yosuke Saito and Takahisa TauraThimbleweed Park brings the 80s adventure genre into the twenty-first centuryFire Emblem Heroes: 6 tips for maximum gloryVIEW ALL Videos    Watch: For Honor beta impressionsSteelSeries Rival 700 Video ReviewNintendo Switch: Game impressions and some new off-screen footageWatch Chris become a Chef as he unboxes the Tales of Berseria press kitWatch Chris milk a cow in 1-2-SwitchNintendo Switch: Closer look at the Hardware, Joy-Cons, and moreVIEW ALL Podcasts    Podcast: Like a blade to the chest (08/02/17)Podcast: Big hands, small hands (31/01/2017)Podcast: Constantly erect nipples (24/01/17)Podcast: Gadding about (18/01/17)Podcast: Romancing Elliot with my pickled aubergines (10/7/17)Podcast: Game of the Year 2016VIEW ALL Guides    Fire Emblem Heroes: 6 tips for maximum gloryHow to beat Nioh’s toughest boss: Hino-enma10 combat tips for Final Fantasy XV7 beginner’s tips to help you in Pokémon Sun and Moon8 Tips to Conquer Deus Ex: Mankind DividedPokemon Go: Tips to be the best Poke-hunterVIEW ALL Previews    Mario Sports Superstars is shaping up to be a lot of funAce Combat 7: Skies Unknown is infinitely more satisfying thanks to PSVRNieR: Automata provides pristine combat and stunning post-apocalyptic visualsNieR: Automata: An interview with Taro Yoko, Yosuke Saito and Takahisa TauraThimbleweed Park brings the 80s adventure genre into the twenty-first centuryProject CARS 2 is a game that has it all… well, except toilet breaksVIEW ALL SECTIONS News    Victor Vran: Overkill Edition announcedOverwatch Tracer: Classic Skin Edition Nendoroid announcedRocket League getting PS4 Pro support next weekResident Evil 7 Banned Footage Volume 2 hits PS4GOG has a new 6 day “From Wishlists, With Love” sale on for 6 daysBridge Constructor has just been released on PlayStation VitaVIEW ALL Reviews    Halo Wars 2 ReviewHow to Survive 2 ReviewAlwa’s Awakening ReviewApple AirPods ReviewDivide ReviewSemispheres ReviewVIEW ALL Features    Mario Sports Superstars is shaping up to be a lot of funAce Combat 7: Skies Unknown is infinitely more satisfying thanks to PSVRNieR: Automata provides pristine combat and stunning post-apocalyptic visualsNieR: Automata: An interview with Taro Yoko, Yosuke Saito and Takahisa TauraThimbleweed Park brings the 80s adventure genre into the twenty-first centuryFire Emblem Heroes: 6 tips for maximum gloryVIEW ALL Videos    Watch: For Honor beta impressionsSteelSeries Rival 700 Video ReviewNintendo Switch: Game impressions and some new off-screen footageWatch Chris become a Chef as he unboxes the Tales of Berseria press kitWatch Chris milk a cow in 1-2-SwitchNintendo Switch: Closer look at the Hardware, Joy-Cons, and moreVIEW ALL Podcasts    Podcast: Like a blade to the chest (08/02/17)Podcast: Big hands, small hands (31/01/2017)Podcast: Constantly erect nipples (24/01/17)Podcast: Gadding about (18/01/17)Podcast: Romancing Elliot with my pickled aubergines (10/7/17)Podcast: Game of the Year 2016VIEW ALL Guides    Fire Emblem Heroes: 6 tips for maximum gloryHow to beat Nioh’s toughest boss: Hino-enma10 combat tips for Final Fantasy XV7 beginner’s tips to help you in Pokémon Sun and Moon8 Tips to Conquer Deus Ex: Mankind DividedPokemon Go: Tips to be the best Poke-hunterVIEW ALL Previews    Mario Sports Superstars is shaping up to be a lot of funAce Combat 7: Skies Unknown is infinitely more satisfying thanks to PSVRNieR: Automata provides pristine combat and stunning post-apocalyptic visualsNieR: Automata: An interview with Taro Yoko, Yosuke Saito and Takahisa TauraThimbleweed Park brings the 80s adventure genre into the twenty-first centuryProject CARS 2 is a game that has it all… well, except toilet breaksVIEW ALL   REGISTER @   LOGIN INFO 3DS Android HTC Vive iOS Mac Oculus Rift PC PlayStation 3 PlayStation 4 PlayStation VR PS Vita Wii Wii U Windows Phone Xbox 360 Xbox One INFO INFO 3DS Android HTC Vive iOS Mac Oculus Rift PC PlayStation 3 PlayStation 4 PlayStation VR PS Vita Wii Wii U Windows Phone Xbox 360 Xbox One Newsletter SUBSCRIBE   previous Divide Review    random   next Alwa's Awakening Review  Apple AirPods Review Wireless future by Adam Cook on February 14, 2017 Details     There’s a distinct possibility that, no matter what I write here, you’ve already made your mind up about Apple’s AirPods. Whether it’s how they look, or whatever else, but regardless, I’m here to tell you that I really, really like them. In fact, I kinda love them. They’re fancy tech, for sure, and not cheap. Know in advance that I like the packed in earbuds Apple usually supplied with iPhones. In fact, know that I think there’s a strange snobbery around them in many circles, despite the fact that thousands upon thousands of people use them quite happily every day, and never find reason to complain. Look, I know that you can buy headphones for hundreds of pounds that have superior audio quality (I’ve reviewed some excellent, and expensive headphones in my time), and I do firmly believe that you get what you pay for. I will say though: I like, and regularly use the stock Apple EarPods, and for a pair of headphones that come in the box, they provide pretty damn fine audio quality – I don’t know if it’s because they are “free”, but they’re nowhere near as bad as people say. Let’s not beat around the bush then, because the AirPods are an improvement, audio-wise. Not a giant leap, but they do sound slightly better. Nuances in the music seem clearer, whereas the bass and treble seem mostly the same. This is a clarity thing, with the moments in music you might otherwise lose coming through in the mix, and that’s a good thing. I think it’s also worth mentioning that I have always found the EarPods comfortable, and the AirPods are no different. Interestingly, passing them round the house, it seems everyone agrees with me, and my wife (notorious in our house for saying buds are too big or too small, she’s the Goldilocks of headphones) found them comfortable as well. I’ve used bluetooth buds before, and the fact these have been designed by Apple, for Apple products, is very apparent. They just work, flawlessly so. Open the included case near your phone and the device will recognise them and offer to pair them. From there, it’s clever, yet simple design all the way: put one Pod in, the music will go from your phone to the Pod. Put the second one in, it’ll now be in stereo. Take a Pod out? It’ll pause the music. Put it back in? Yep, it starts playing again. Such simplicity is welcomed, and in the settings for your AirPods you can choose whether a double tap of the AirPod stem activates Siri, or pauses your music. In other words, if you don’t fancy taking a Pod out to pause, or using a button on your phone or watch (whatever, really), you can double tap your headphones to pause whatever is playing. If there’s a minor complaint here, it’s that you can’t turn the audio up or down like you could with a normal pair of headphones, but the chances are that if you’re spending £180 on them, you’ve probably got an Apple Watch or iPhone which means you can still do it very quickly. The included case is also a charger, believe it or not. The case itself holds 24 hours of charge, while the AirPods themselves go for around five hours without needing to go back in. The truly impressive thing is that popping them back in the case for 10-15 minutes will give you another 2-3 hours of charge. Again, at the risk of repeating myself, this is impressive tech. The case itself charges via Lightning connector, as usual. In fact, as I write this, I haven’t charged the case for three days, and I wear the AirPods for hours every day: ultimately, you’re going to be incredibly unlucky if you find yourself with them not charged. Waxing lyrical to a colleague, the question I got asked was: “but surely you’ll lose them?”. That’s a fair question, but I’d counter with: “do you lose your stock Apple EarPods?”. No, because they’re cabled, the conversation continues, but I found running with the AirPods, and general gym-exercise was absolutely fine. If you’re going to treat them with a lack of respect and throw them down wherever you fancy, sure, you might lose them in the same you might lose your keys. But the supplied charging case is smaller than a packet of tic-tacs, and goes in your pocket just fine. When you’re not using them, put them in there and you’ll keep them safe. It’s like any other expensive tech: look after it and it’ll stay safe. While I’ll never be able to convince you if you’ve already made your mind up, the future does appear to be wireless. The AirPods are comfy, sound great, and yes, they’re not the cheapest bluetooth headphones out there, but for a set that just work with your existing setup, I can’t recommend them highly enough. Oh, and they look fine on, as well, don’t let people tell you otherwise. The AirPods are now my go-to pair of headphones, and they feel like magic. scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="border:none; overflow:hidden; width:80px; height:62px;" allowTransparency="true"> Positives Comfortable Impressive charge time Great audio Premium build quality Negatives No wireless way to change volume Not cheap Editor Rating   Our Score 9.5 SCORE OUT OF TEN 9.5 In Short   The AirPods are comfy, sound great, and yes, they're not the cheapest bluetooth headphones out there, but for a set that just work with your existing setup, I can't recommend them highly enough. 1 like Reviews, Tech appleApple AirPodsfeat Newly Added Halo Wars 2 Review 9.0   How to Survive 2 Review  Mario Sports Superstars is shaping up to be a lot of fun  Victor Vran: Overkill Edition announced  Alwa’s Awakening Review  Latest Reviews Halo Wars 2 Review 9.0   How to Survive 2 Review  Alwa’s Awakening Review  Apple AirPods Review  Divide Review  Random Video Latest PODCAST Podcast: Like a blade to the chest (08/02/17) Full Story   9.0 Halo Wars 2 Review by Gary Baileyon February 16, 2017 Halo? Is it war you’re looking for? 8.0 How to Survive 2 Review by Chris Whiteon February 15, 2017 Gore Blimey! Mario Sports Superstars is shaping up to be a lot of fun by Nick Gillhamon February 15, 2017 It's a free-kick Mario! Victor Vran: Overkill Edition announced by Mikhail Madnanion February 15, 2017 Fractured Worlds + Motorhead 7.0 Alwa’s Awakening Review by Nick Gillhamon February 15, 2017 Just like Capcom used to make. Overwatch Tracer: Classic Skin Edition Nendoroid announced by Mikhail Madnanion February 15, 2017 “Cheers, love! Good Smile Company’s here!” 9.5 Apple AirPods Review by Adam Cookon February 14, 2017 Wireless future. Rocket League getting PS4 Pro support next week by Mikhail Madnanion February 14, 2017 BREATHING UNDERWATER Resident Evil 7 Banned Footage Volume 2 hits PS4 by Mikhail Madnanion February 14, 2017 Hazardous 1234567 1234567 Reviews Latest Reviews PC PS4 Wii U Xbox One Community Facebook Podcast RSS Twitter YouTube Video Shows Blindfold Gaming Debatable Family Gamer For Your Amusement NewsRound Reasons to be Cheerful Score Attack The Retrocast All content copyright GodisaGeek.com Fonts by Google Fonts. GJ WP!
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Tech News / Highlights V / Apple to suspend sales of LG 5K monitor over hardware issues Apple to suspend sales of LG 5K monitor over hardware issues Matthew Wilson 3 days ago Highlights V, Monitors Late last month, LG’s UltraFine 5K monitors finally began shipping out to Apple customers but unfortunately, buyers of the $1300 monitor quickly discovered that the monitor didn’t work as well as it should, particularly when in the same room as a wireless router. LG has since said that it is going to fix the problem but in the meantime, Apple has suspended sales of the monitor entirely. LG announced its plans to fix last week but it seems that so many early models of the monitor are affected that Apple needs to stop sales until it can replace its current stock with newly manufactured 5K monitors with additional shielding to stop electromagnetic interference. According to sources speaking with Business Insider, Apple has ordered that sales of LG’s UltraFine 5K monitor for the MacBook Pro stop due to hardware issues with the monitor itself. These monitors will still be on display in Apple Stores but apparently new shipments won’t begun for another six weeks or so. KitGuru Says: This monitor has been getting hammered by poor reviews on the Apple Store due to its current issues so it makes sense for Apple to suspend sales while LG churns out a new batch.  Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Apple lg news Previous Gears of War 4 install has ballooned to 100GB+ Next Sonos becomes the latest company to hike UK prices Check Also ADATA’s XPG SX950 brings 3D NAND and superior speeds to gaming PCs ADATA is completing its transition into 3D NAND this month with the launch of its … goldenboy77 lg was too cheap to include 2 dollars worth of shelding and too cheap to inclued more then 1 connector ther should have been at leat 5 connectors for the price hdmi displayport dvi Patriciatcarrillo Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj244d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj244d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash244MarketClubGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj244d:….,…. Matthew Wilson The reason for the lack of connectors is actually due to the fact that this monitor is being solely marketed to buyers of the new MacBook Pro. Apple helped fund this monitor’s development and sells it directly as a solution to MBP buyers since the laptop only has one connector type on it. Polls Which system memory next? Corsair Crucial G.Skill Geil HyperX Patriot Samsung Other View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg 2017 MacBook Pro Kaby Lake Motherboard Configurations Leaked In Apple's macOS 10.12.4 Public Beta 13 February 2017, 5:04 am EST By Alexandra Burlacu Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Computer Technology - How Laptops, Personal Computers And Tablets Are Changing The WorldNow Playing Apple's 2017 MacBook Pro models should get a boost in the processing department with faster Kaby Lake chips, based on references found in the macOS 10.12.4 public beta. Here's the deal. Pictured here is the MacBook Pro unveiled in October 2016.  ( Stephen Lam | Getty Images ) Advertisement Apple may be preparing new motherboard configurations with Intel's Kaby Lake processors for the next-generation MacBook Pro models set to launch this year. Less than four months since the launch of Apple's much-touted MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, the rumor mill is again churning in anticipation of the next MacBook models. The company's latest macOS 10.12.4 public beta holds precious hints in this regard, referencing an exciting change in the processing department. The Pike's Universum blog spotted three motherboard identifiers that are not tied to any current MacBook Pro models, but use the same processing power management data as the existing 13- and 15-inch models released late last year. The files were not present in previous macOS versions, just the latest 10.12.4 beta. MacBook Pro With Kaby Lake The 2017 MacBook Pro laptops will most likely pack Intel Kaby Lake processors, adding some extra oomph. The faster Kaby Lake chips would make perfect sense, since Apple used Skylake processors for the MacBook Pro launched in late 2016. MacBook Pro models with Kaby Lake under the hood would also fall in line with recent reports indicating that Apple was slightly bumping the processing power for the upcoming models. Kaby Lake would not offer a groundbreaking improvement over Skylake, but minor improvements would nonetheless be in tow. New Identifiers Referenced In macOS 10.12.4 The Mac-B4831CEBD52A0C4C identifier likely refers to the two upcoming 13-inch MacBook Pro models with function keys, Apple-centric publication MacRumors points out. These models could feature Kaby Lake processors with a Turbo Boost speed of maximum 3,400 and 4,000 MHz, respectively. Mac-CAD6701F7CEA0921 could be for three 13-inch models of the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. These models could have Kaby Lake processors with Turbo Boost of up to 3,500, 3,700 and 4,000, respectively. Lastly, Mac-551B86E5744E2388 could be for three 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar variants. These models could have Kaby Lake processors with a Turbo Boost of up to 3,800, 3,900 and 4,100 MHz, respectively. Pike's Universum also verified the performance bias setting that each motherboard had and said they're likely not for desktops such as the Mac Pro or iMac. macOS 10.12.4 Apple first seeded the macOS 10.12.4 beta 1 to developers on Jan. 24 and released the first public beta of the software a few days later. The software update should bring a number of notable improvements over the previous version, including the Night Shift mode borrowed from iOS. The new-generation MacBook pro models will most likely make their debut after the macOS update is final and official, which should occur by early March. It remains unclear for now just when Apple might choose to unveil the 2017 MacBook pro models, but the WWDC event in June might be a possibility. Other rumors, however, also hinted at a potentially later launch in the second half of this year. As always, it is highly recommended to take all leaks and rumors with a hefty grain of salt until Apple officially confirms it. The references spotted in the macOS 10.12.4 beta offer valuable clues, but nothing is set in stone just yet. TAG Apple, MacBook Pro, macOS Sierra, Kaby Lake Processor, Intel Kaby Lake, Mac OS Public Beta © 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Advertisement Related Articles Samsung Chromebook Pro Review Roundup: An Affordable MacBook Alternative? Microsoft Adds Touch Bar Support To Office Insider Preview For Macs Here's How Microsoft Plans To Demolish Mac, Rivals Apple Reportedly Working On ARM-Based Mac Processors To Handle Low-Power Functions Students Required To Disable MacBook Pro's Touch Bar: Here's How To Do It From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Facebook Heads To TVs: Apps For Apple TV And Amazon Fire TV To Launch ‘Soon’ 2 Video Games For Honor Beta Hosted More Than 6 Million Players: Knights Win Faction War 3 Space Super Earth Capable Of Supporting Life, Scientists Claim Advertisement 4 Space Ancient Judean Jars Offer Insights Into Earth's Magnetic Field Strength 5 Feature | Culture Art For Free: Met Museum Releases Thousands Of Artwork Images For Unrestricted Use 6 Business Tech Magic Leap A Hostile Workplace Environment For Women, New Lawsuit By Former Executive Alleges Advertisement 7 Video Games Pokémon GO Will Get Trading, Player vs Player Battles Soon: Why Is It Taking So Long? 8 Space China's Space Plans: First Chinese Cargo Spacecraft Will Lift Off In April 9 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech The Nokia 3310 Is Making A Comeback: Modern Version Will Be Unveiled At MWC 2017 10 Earth/Environment Air Pollution Caused 1.1 Million Premature Deaths In India During 2015, Global Report Suggests EDITOR'S PICKS Art For Free: Met Museum Releases Thousands Of Artwork Images For Unrestricted Use Google Play Store February 2017: The New Apps, Music, Movies And TV Shows Available To Download Common Weed In Florida Fights Antibiotic-Resistant Superbugs Without Killing Bacteria Crack In Antarctica’s Ice Shelf Larsen C Heading To Full Split Pregnant Inmate Gives Birth On Prison Cell Floor Of County Jail Arctic Temperatures Rise: Sea Ice Cover Sets Record Low For January Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge Battery Life Reduces After Android 7.0 Nougat Update Ford Invests $1 Billion In Artificial Intelligence Startup Argo AI And Here’s Why 5000-Year-Old Chinese Beer Recipe Tastes Fruity: Stanford Students Life & Style More Life & Style Federal Agents Arrest Hundreds Of Undocumented Immigrants Across Several States How The Popularity Of Organics Is, Quite Ironically, Hurting Whole Foods Pizza Lovers Can Now Create At Wedding Registry At Domino’s Visiting US May Mean Handing Over Facebook And Twitter Passwords, Says Department Of Homeland Security Breast-feeding Gone Bad: North Carolina Mom Outraged After Day Care Worker Breast-fed Her Son Without Consent Travel Ban In US Should Have Been Delayed, Says Homeland Security Chief Merriam-Webster Adds 1,000 More Words To Catalog: What's New For Tech And Science? Congressman Booed In Town Hall After Dodging Question About Environment And Science TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2017 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Samsung wins new contract to supply Apple with OLED displays | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple patent points to possible new Smart… Jaguar announces in-car Apple Pay payment… Shareholders seek more diversity in Apple… Apple to fight Nebraska ‘right to repair’… Apple patents another way to scan fingerprints… Report: Apple to make room for larger battery… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product 1More Triple Driver In-Ear Headphones Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Mophie Juice Pack Air for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Henge Docks Gravitas Distil Union Wally Ether for iPhone 7 and… Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Microsoft Office (Feb. 2017 update) Scosche USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter Twelve South MagicBridge Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Filtering your Message List in the iOS 10… Selecting the best network connection for… Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10… Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Keezel Online Security &… Daily Deal: iDelete Cleaner Pro for iOS,… Daily Deal: DEVONthink Pro — The Elite… Daily Deal: Airy YouTube Video Downloader,… Daily Deal: Zendure 40W Max A-Series 4-Port… Daily Deal: Polaroid University, 5-Yr Subscription GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Samsung wins new contract to supply Apple with OLED displays By Dan Pye ● 3 days ago Samsung has inked a new deal with Apple to supply the company with 60 million OLED displays for the next iPhone, The Korea Herald reports. The new deal comes after last year’s announcement that Samsung would be making 100 million OLED screens for Apple, bringing the new total to 160 million. Apple sells an estimated 200 million iPhones a year, but it’s still unclear whether the OLED screens will be used in all of Apple’s 2017 iPhones or just in the expected “iPhone X” premium model. Samsung is currently the only supplier able to ship OLED displays in time for the iPhone’s likely September release, since LG’s reported deal to provide Apple with foldable OLED displays wouldn’t go into effect until 2018. Comments « Report: Apple to make room for larger battery in future 4.7” OLED iPhone Report: Only new high-end iPhone getting wireless charging, charger to be sold separately » Related Stories Apple eyeing another supplier for future OLED screens Apple patents another way to scan fingerprints without Touch ID sensor Report: Apple to make room for larger battery in future 4.7” OLED iPhone Report: Only new high-end iPhone getting wireless charging, charger to be sold separately Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation challenges in ‘iPhone X’ design Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’ special edition iPhone could be priced above $1,000 Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple patent points to possible new Smart Keyboard with dedicated ‘Share’ and ‘Emoji’ keys Jaguar announces in-car Apple Pay payment option at UK Shell gas stations Shareholders seek more diversity in Apple upper management Apple to fight Nebraska ‘right to repair’ bill Apple eyeing another supplier for future OLED screens Facebook announces Apple TV app along with iOS app video improvements Apple patents another way to scan fingerprints without Touch ID sensor Report: Apple to make room for larger battery in future 4.7” OLED iPhone Samsung wins new contract to supply Apple with OLED displays Report: Only new high-end iPhone getting wireless charging, charger to be sold separately Recent Reviews 1More Triple Driver In-Ear Headphones Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple's Tim Cook claims augmented reality will rival the iPhone's 'revolutionary' impact Apple could reveal its first augmented reality glasses this year The wearable headset would connect wirelessly to iPhones and show information that is superimposed onto a user's view of the real world  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com and Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 12:48 EST, 13 February 2017 | Updated: 19:34 EST, 13 February 2017 e-mail 14 shares 1 View comments Tim Cook believes augmented reality will be 'huge' and will change our lives as much as the iPhone. The CEO of Apple likened the new technology to the revolutionary impact of the smartphone and the impact would be felt globally. It comes as a leading expert claims Apple's augmented reality plans have accelerated, meaning the firm could reveal its first AR glasses this year.  There is also speculation the technology - which superimposes a computer-generated image on a user's view of the real world - will feature on the iPhone 8.  Scroll down for video  The CEO of Apple compared the revolutionary impact of augmented reality to that of the iPhone. Chief Executive Tim Cook, pictured,  said earlier this year that the company would continue to invest a lot into augmented reality PREDICTIONS FOR APPLE GLASSES  Apple looks like it may be moving into the world of augmented reality by considering expanding into wearable glass headsets.  Robert Scoble, a technology blogger, expects a very lightweight pair of glasses, with the electronics on other places on your body, such as in an iPhone or other wearable. The wearable headset would connect wirelessly to iPhones and show information that is superimposed onto a user's view of the real world. It is believed the iPhone maker is working on lightweight glasses with a small display that would link to a user's iPhone.  'I regard it as a big idea, like the smartphone,' Cook said during an interview with The Independent.  'The smartphone is for everyone, we don't have to think the iPhone is about a certain demographic, or country or vertical market: it's for everyone.  'I think AR is that big, it's huge. I get excited because of the things that could be done that could improve a lot of lives. 'I do think there can be a lot of things that really help people out in daily life, real-life things, that’s why I get so excited about it', he said.  Apple looks like it may be moving into the world of augmented reality by considering expanding into wearable glass headsets.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Does King Tutankhamun's tomb hold Queen Nefertiti's remains?... Apple may have stored 'deleted' Safari searches in iCloud:... The secret of whiter whites? A dash of vinegar in your wash... Meet the 'cockeyed' squid: Bizarre creature has lopsided... Share this article Share 14 shares Robert Scoble, who shot to fame when he was pictured in the shower wearing Google's Glass, and is a respected blogger, made the predictions during the 'This Week in Tech' online show. Citing 'many sources' situated 'at the highest levels,' Mr Scoble reiterated his previous speculation that Apple would release an augmented reality headset soon.  'This is Tim Cook's legacy,' Scoble said regarding a possible announcement.  'In fact, it's Steve Jobs' legacy too.' As rumours continue to circulate about Apple's next move for its iOS systems, a recent patent suggests augmented reality mapping could be underway. The app that could use the iPhone's sensors to generate real-time views of the surroundings with information superimposed The blogger believes an announcement may be made as Apple finally moves into its new 'Spaceship' HQ later this year, or alongside the unveiling of the 10th anniversary of the iPhone in September, where the iPhone 8 is expected to be unveiled. He said he expects a very lightweight pair of glasses, with the electronics on other places on your body, such as in an iPhone or other wearable. THE END OF GOOGLE GLASS  Alphabet discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device in 2015. This ends its attempt to popularise the expensive devices with consumers. The device received plenty of attention when it was launched in 2012, but quickly ran into problems with its awkward appearance and privacy concerns over video recording.  The wearable headset would connect wirelessly to iPhones and show information that is superimposed onto a user's view of the real world. The iPhone maker is believed to be working with Carl Zeiss on the project, which could go on sale this year.  'A Zeiss employee confirmed the rumours that Apple and Carl Zeiss AG are working on a light pair of augmented reality/mixed reality glasses that may be announced this year,' Mr Scoble wrote.  'I thought it was next year but now that I saw this I believe it will happen this year.'  The firm has talked about the project with potential suppliers for Google Glass-style headsets.  A recent report by Bloomberg cites 'people familiar with the issue' who asked not to be identified.   Cook, who has been struggling with a slowdown in iPhone sales in recent quarters, said earlier this year that the company would continue to invest a lot into augmented reality (AR). An announcement may be made as Apple finally moves into its new 'Spaceship' HQ in Cupertino, California, later this year  The glasses would be Apple's first product targeted directly at AR, according to the report.  The firm has built up its AR research through the acquisition of several firms, including PrimeSense, which developed motion-sensing technology in Microsoft's Kinect Gaming syste. 'AR can be really great, and we have been and continue to invest a lot in this,' Cook said in a conference call with analysts.  Alphabet Inc's discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year, ending its attempt to popularize the expensive devices with consumers 'We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity.' Apple has ordered a small number of near-eye displays for testing but has not obtained enough for production on a larger scale, the report added.  The move would make Apple the latest technology company to venture into wearable glasses. Alphabet Inc discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year, ending its attempt to popularize the expensive devices with consumers. Snap, an $18 billion (£14 billion) company which makes the popular messaging app Snapchat, also launched its own video-camera sunglasses last year The device received plenty of attention when it was launched in 2012, but quickly ran into problems with its awkward appearance and privacy concerns over video recording. Snap, an $18 billion (£14 billion) company which makes the popular messaging app Snapchat, also launched its own video-camera sunglasses last week.  As rumours continue to circulate about Apple's next move for its iOS systems, a new patent suggests augmented reality mapping could be underway. The firm was recently granted a patent for 'Augmented reality maps', revealing an app that could use the iPhone's advanced sensors to generate real-time views of the user's surroundings with digital information superimposed. The system could even overlay directional indicators to the live video stream, visualising the course and any upcoming turns on the way to a given location, letting the user know if they're facing the wrong direction. Read more: Apple Considers Wearables Expansion With Digital Glasses - Bloomberg Update Your Browser | Facebook This Week in Tech 600 Bloviating Blowhards | TWiT Apple CEO Tim Cook: As Brexit hangs over UK, 'times are not really awful, there's some great things happening' | The Independent Share or comment on this article e-mail 14 shares Most watched News videos Moment ISIS suicide attacker detonates bomb near Syrian rebels Dog CRIES after being told off for chewing sofa into pieces Redback spider catches brown snake in it's web and attacks it Terrifying moment deadly Chicago ambush captured on Facebook live Shocking moment a model poses on the ledge of very tall skyscraper Social Experiment: Would you breastfeed a stranger's baby? Final moments of radio broadcast before Dominican Rep DJ shot dead CCTV shows Kim Jong Un's 'female assassin' sent to kill half-brother Deputy Cody Williams and young boy in adorable dance-off Donald and Melania welcome Israeli PM and wife at White House ISIS video of boys from Yazidi area of Iraq 'on suicide mission' Brutal moment James Arthur is smashed in the head by thug Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer:... Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning... Make-up artist, 22, and her boyfriend, 22, agree that SHE... Assassin in a mini skirt? How the chillingly audacious... Motorist is branded a hero by other drivers after parking... Murder squad close a city centre McDonald's as boy, 17,... Model of stupidity! Stunning Russian Instagram queen... Tree surgeon father-of-one, 31, dies when his CHAINSAW... A 'criminal' attack on 'a wonderful man': Trump ramps up... Group of strictly Orthodox Jewish men cause 'absolute... Moment two-year-old boy was shot dead on Facebook Live:... Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour: Her... 'One day, Leny kissed me': Amanda Knox opens up about... Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to... Ex-NHL star Mike Comrie who was married to Hilary Duff is... Redback v snake: Extraordinary moment a spider takes on a... Mother of murdered schoolgirl Billie-Jo Jenkins calls for... Trump's Labor pick Andrew Puzder officially withdraws his... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (1) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate... The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions'... 400-year-old temple is revealed after decades underwater as drought drains the Mexican lake which flooded... Brightly-lit orange UFO filmed hovering over French coastal town baffles residents Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission... Can YOU spot Planet 9? NASA launches new website for 'armchair astronomers' to sift through telescope data Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to... Tesla boss Elon Musk backs a 'basic income' for everyone because robots will take away our jobs leaving us... The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai New study reveals 30 foot high 'megawaves' are more common than thought - and could soon put coastal towns... Paving over gardens hits city butterflies: Numbers of 25 species decline faster in urban areas than in the... Life in Earth's oceans bounced back far more quickly than thought after world's worst mass extinction Monkeys and dogs BOTH judge humans on how they treat others - and prefer fairer people The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical lightweight metal foam attack plane with a... The robot bee that could pollinate the Earth's plants: Student designs drone that mimics cross-pollination... MORE HEADLINES A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate CHAOS The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Don't panic! Earth's protective shield WON'T vanish: Minerals in Iron Age clay jars suggest the magnetic field has always fluctuated The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions' each year on defence, top astrophysicist warns  The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical lightweight metal foam attack plane with a PROPELLER Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission of new Orion capsule - the first time humans have left low orbit since 1972 Battle of the beasties: Horrifying footage shows a huge wasp drag a paralysed wolf spider to its death Is YOUR boss tracking you? Firms are installing creepy hidden sensors to monitor your every move around the office Will the UAE be the first to set up a CITY on Mars? Stunning images reveal plans for a colony on the red planet by 2117 Rare spearhead and sword are among the stunning Bronze Age treasures dug up at a Scottish building site in a 'find of a lifetime' Airbus and Oracle unveil the 'flying yacht' set to try and retain America's Cup for the US Rolling with the punches: Flat footed fighters have an evolutionary advantage when it comes to combat Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to relieve themselves in orbit Catastrophic drought in Syria created the 'perfect storm' for political turmoil - and minerals in ancient caves suggest the worst is yet to come Lift off! India successfully launches 104 satellites from a single rocket - almost TRIPLE the previous record set by Russia MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show Season five collection Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Looked sensational Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle Hoping  LA is kinder  Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  A passionate performance  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Fractured friendship  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren was out with her girls in the Big Apple  Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  Keeping busy  Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection 'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE  music video Fifty Shades Darker tops the Valentine's Day box office as R-rated erotic sequel earns $11 million  Film fans were in the mood for love Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show Kept up with appearances A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania, 11, walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode More drama Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Loving the single life  Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, George Clooney is understandably anxious  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Slinky swimwear  Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Left The Mercer Hotel Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Teen daughter was the center of attention  Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Proud mother  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host to Kanye Ivanka joins Melania and Sara Netanyahu for press conference but leaves them alone to visit new Smithsonian African American history museum   Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship The blonde actress, 38 She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York It's a big day for Kimye A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Looking stunning  'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Coordinated their looks Harrison Ford is seen for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA say the investiation will be delayed  Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker 'She's a remarkable broadcaster and a real force': Matt Lauer heaps praise on NBC hire Megyn Kelly in rare interview but goes quiet about Ann Curry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Out and about looking smart casual  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show The actress stole the show  Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size Things got out of hand Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Still rocks the red carpet Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent 'Punished for a joke' 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues Magnificent Melania:  First Lady wears stunning skirt suit in her first official appearance at White House since Trump was sworn in as president 'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Showed off her locks  Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Mixed vintage  Porsche employee accused of joking about the crash that killed Paul Walker because it boosted the value of other 'rare' Carrera GTs cars Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show Wore a white ruched dress 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show Treats for everyone  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she did her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' A stressed-looking Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at New York Fashion Week... following 'disastrous' show last fall Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid Stunning as always  Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl bet with the random fan who asked her for a date on Twitter if the Patriots won  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to Kanye's latest New York Fashion Week Yeezy 5 show as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent Patience! The REAL reason Guns N' Roses kept fans waiting at Melbourne gig - as Axl Rose's band mates begged him to hurry up Notorious hellraiser  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave her 58.7m followers a treat  Breathing in Morocco! Shanina Shaik smokes hookah and visits souk during exotic high fashion shoot in Marrakesh In-demand model  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Two broke off their engagement in July Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at the lavish Four Seasons resort  Susan Sarandon among the celebs enjoying S&M-themed cabaret at risque New York nightclub The Box - as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin'  Publisher claims he has 75,000 word manuscript of Mick Jagger's autobiography written during the 1980s... but he doesn't remember writing it! New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Looked on good form with her new hairstyle 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Fascinating revelations   Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Was on The Late Late Show earlier in the week Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Wowed on the street 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it happening Pregnant Natalie Portman looks ready to pop as she goes for a hike with mother Shelley in Los Feliz It'll be a second child for the 35-year-old actress Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than $620k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  The Hello star is having another fine year  Tamron Hall back at work shooting new season of Deadline Crime after hitting up the Super Bowl and Grammys after vacation following NBC exit 'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Victoria's Secret star Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Club is the Pink Pony 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Best friends with Kendall Jenner for two years 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Standing up for her belief No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport She proved she can look good anywhere, anytime Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Was ready for spring on in New York 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? Growing family  'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue All is not well  Soldiering on! Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first NYFW show since his breakdown She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper The Shake It Up! actress  What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week Went from flirty in floral to black and white Breaking boundaries! Hijab-wearing model makes her runway debut at Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show during New York Fashion Week  Courtney Stodden forgets about her broken marriage as she celebrates Valentine's Day with Heather Locklear's plastic surgeon ex Marc Mani EXCLUSIVE: Star Trek actor William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by Florida radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Family affair! Lucky Blue Smith and his three stunning sisters star in new H&M Coachella campaign playing as their band The Atomics Model plays drums 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London subway system for 'body shaming' young women  Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Was shooting the final scene of the new film i 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day She's 37, he's 33 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election The 30-year-old Girls star stood up for her pal  Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone The blonde singer Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Looked very chic  Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post The 34-year-old singer Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a sidewalk pileup  Kesha submits damning emails in court case against 'abuser' Dr. Luke who slammed her for drinking Diet Coke and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman The Thelma & Louise star talked candidly  All caught up! As fishnets become a staple on the runway and with stars like Kylie Jenner, FEMAIL reveals how to pull off the sexy knit in real life Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall movie role The 46-year-old says his kids  'loved' the look Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his condo in West Los Angeles' Seven Year Switch husband storms away from his angry wife after she watches footage of him telling experimental spouse that he is ATTRACTED to her 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Revealed shock news on social media Bethenny Frankel spends Valentine's Day with new man after revealing she's not serious with Dennis Shields... and still needs to 'heal' after divorce Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Los Angeles Lakers basketball game on Valentine's Day Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows senator a KISS during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for bromance money Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show The 18-year-old teased her Instagram followers  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue that was meant to celebrate diversity Models off duty! As NYFW comes to an end, FEMAIL highlights the most enviable street style outfits of Hailey Baldwin, Bella Hadid and more EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein stumbled heading to court where assault charges are dropped over brawl with boyfriend Lloyd Klein 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGIZES after claiming Beyonce is 'beautiful to look at but not a singer' U-turn on his comments Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer top as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection The 35-year-old actress  EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided Yves Montand was baby's father - not husband Arthur Miller Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book The A-list lensman  'No-one is safe!' Internet goes wild for memes of celebrities from Ivanka Trump to Emma Watson gazing longingly at  Justin Trudeau Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant statement in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Red hot Selena Gomez showcases her incredibly toned legs and sculpted physique in sexy high-slit dress The 24-year-old looked stunning in NYC 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Actress Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  'It's important for my daughters to know that it's not real life.': Blake Lively says having little girls changed her view of how beauty is portrayed in the media Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day pizza dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  Looking good at 70! Rocky star Sylvester Stallone gets his enviably thick locks styled at salon... after 'brutal' Pilates session with daughter Recording Academy boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors NYFW show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap Rob Kardashian's 28-year-old fiancée  'I was just so thrilled!' Transgender teen responds to Laverne Cox mentioning his upcoming Supreme Court bathroom policy case at Grammys  Cops illegally searched the home of Sandra Bullock's stalker and now prosecutors won't be able to use guns seized at the house during trial 'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Sat front and center Feeling blue? Singer Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista... in a VERY skimpy ensemble Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date in NYC after nearly 20 years of marriage That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian post image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show The look of love One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Keeping body in shape Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky black tasseled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Not runway ready! Model Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing a dazzling blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today The blonde bombshells 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Beauty battled haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris The 39-year-old Hollywood actress Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals Puppy love!  Dancing With the Stars' Julianne Hough takes her pooch along as she goes for a hike with her mom in Los Angeles Showed off her legs 'Classy way to put someone in their place!' Britney's fans go wild as she 'throws shade' at Katy Perry with Bible verse after singer's 'shaved head' comment  Mika's moving on: Morning Joe co-host puts her New York mansion on sale for $2million after divorcing her husband after 22 years of marriage 'People push me into a corner... I'm no expert': Emma Watson reveals she fell into a 'sulk' after feminism backlash... and even struggled to get out of bed Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Charm runs in the family! Pierce Brosnan's model son Dylan, 20  treats his pretty girlfriend to a romantic dinner date  Singing Out Loud! Ed Sheeran leaves his CUTEST fan speechless after sneaking up behind him as he serenades Ellen DeGeneres with his song The Duchess of Cambridge's facialist reveals unlikely secrets behind Kate's red carpet glow - including chocolate spread and porridge oats 'Who thought a sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict Cumberbatch reveals his delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favorite BBC character  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer: Devastated sister reveals did NOT have a brain tumor and 'had plans' for future Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress as she joins glam co-star Susan Sarandon, 70, at Feud event in NYC 'I'm always looking for ways to help': Paris Hilton donates 50 items including a snowboard for auction benefiting two children's charities The blonde socialite 'Stronger than ever': Larsa and Scottie Pippen pose in Valentine's Day family shot after 'halting divorce proceedings'  Trying to work it out  Showing her stripes! Queen Letizia of Spain looks demure in a ballet-length skirt and chic pinstripe blouse as she welcomes guests at her Madrid palace Naomi Watts goes NAKED to play widowed child psychologist in creepy thriller Shut In... and becomes convinced a ghost has taken over her house Model Winnie Harlow debuts new perm as she puts on a daring display in a racy bandeau co-ord set at fashion party in New York Former ANTM contestant 'Love and peace to everyone!' Jonathan Rhys Meyers and fiancée Mara Lane share FIRST image of baby son Wolf... two months after home birth Third time's a charm! Bombshell Kate Upton poses topless on cover of 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue after claims of 'diva' behavior 'I don't remember this': Lisa Rinna claims memory lapse when confronted by Kyle Richards in Mexico on RHOBH The 53-year-old sobbed  Ashley Graham shares nude snap from her Lane Bryan Collection photo shoot  The 28-year-old is seen posing with her hands covering her breasts  'Don't bother with the first episode as I'm not in it': Charlie Higson confirms season three of Broadchurch will return to TV screens later this month  He's behind you! Prince Charles accidentally photobombs rock band Kasabian's guitarist on a visit to a country pub in western England The 68-year-old royal Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary pokes fun at the couple's 18 year age gap during romantic  getaway amid bitter custody row  Is that you Pansy Parkinson? Harry Potter actress Scarlett Byrne poses for Playboy magazine as she declares 'naked is normal' Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan The 34-year-old actress was out with her son Fancy seeing you here! Guns N' Roses drummer Frank Ferrer takes part in an impromptu jam session at Brisbane bar with locals unaware of his fame Kendall Jenner is the picture of glamour in chic suit and fur coat as she gets a new piercing at jewelry store in New York City after TV appearance 'Rest in peace, my love': Ricki Lake takes to Instagram to announce death of ex-husband Christian Evans He had bipolar disorder Thousands of floral tributes left in honor of George Michael outside his London home are cleared away in trash bags seven weeks after the singer's death She's hot for romance! Ariel Winter dares to bare on with two racy ensembles and a provocative Instagram post The 19-year-old actress TV cook Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on The Great British Bake Off... as it's revealed she had 13-year affair with hubby of mom's best friend Cheeky! Paris Hilton leaves little to the imagination in silver panel dress with completely sheer sides at The Blonds NYFW runway show 'She wasn't interested': Emma Watson accused of 'diva behavior' after arriving at ELLE Style Awards 90 minutes late and snubbing the red carpet Madonna's fans are left feeling scared after 'sick' star posts 'evil looking' video of herself singing Valentine's song while recuperating in bed in her nightgown 'Bubbles!' Mariah Carey enjoys a sexy Valentine's Day dip in the hot tub with beau Bryan Tanaka Flaunted her romance with her younger hunk Chrissy Teigen shows off some major cleavage in a tiny lace bralet and smart suit as she joins husband John Legend for Valentine's date night Together for seven years  Babysitting A team! Kourtney Kardashian and Kris Jenner take North shopping while Kim and Kanye are in New York for Fashion Week Bound 2 look sexy on Valentine's Day! Kim Kardashian puts on a busty display for romantic meal with Kanye West at NYC's Carbone restaurant 'Do I look like I wait?' Erika Girardi endorses sex on the first date during Valentine's Day appearance on Watch What Happens Live The 45-year-old star  Demi Lovato sizzles in cleavage-baring catsuit and gold dress in racy Snapchats Singer performed in two alluring outfits which she shared on Snapchat  Serena Williams loves her quirky Valentine's Day gift from 'techie' fiancé Alexis Ohanian The Reddit co-founder chose some unusual for the tennis legend That's a wrap! Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling film upcoming Disney movie A Wrinkle In Time in New Zealand Picturesque backdrop 'What the f***!' Kim Zolciack grabs a handful of husband Kroy's crotch in front of teen daughter Brielle Real Housewife couldn't hide her affection Beautiful in blue! Shailene Woodley looks stunning in a sheer dress on Late Night With Seth Meyers The 25-year-old former child star What's new pussycat? Tom's dating Priscilla! As ALISON BOSHOFF reveals, from paternity suits to plastic surgery, they share more than a love of Elvis  It's a girl! Supergirl star Laura Benanti welcomes first child with husband Patrick Brown on Valentine's Day Named her Ella Rose REIDy to party! Tara looks a little bleary-eyed as she hits Tape nightclub with a gal pal after attending Drake's London gig The 41-year-old actress Nicole Murphy, 49, shows taut tummy in cropped T-shirt while picking up pet supplies with cute dog in Beverly Hills Eddie Murphy's model ex 'Classy and fabulous!' Kendall Jenner is the quintessential Chanel girl as she wears a striking ensemble from the fashion house on the Tonight Show Makeup-free Rita Ora shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure on Valentine's Day The America's Next Top Model host Tender moments! Gigi Hadid posts intimate photo with Zayn Malik announcing the two celebrate Valentine's Day 'everyday'  Displayed her devotion  Who wore it best? Miley Cyrus shares hilarious photoshopped picture of her and fiance Liam Hemsworth wearing the same dress on Valentine's Day 'It was f***ing terrifying!' Drew Barrymore 'almost died' suffering concussion during stunt for zombie series Santa Clarita Diet Suffered a head injury From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Cambridge archaeologists unearth 25 'perfectly preserved' skeletons from medieval Augustinian friary - and there could be many more 27 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: February 16, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Email Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer: This could be a sea-change in the market Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 6:12 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer: How Apple is powering the new industrialization of America    Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 6:37 PM ET | 09:32 Jim Cramer has a message for all of the doubters of the market rally out there: stop thinking this is a rally. Instead, realize that this is a sea change, where the market is no longer influenced by the things that used hold it back before President Trump won the election. "We are now captive to far greater forces than most people realize," the "Mad Money" host said. Gone are the days when the market tanked every time someone from the Federal Reserve opened their mouth. Gone are the days when investors were caught in a tug-of-war between Democrats and Republicans. When Cramer looked at the new-high list on Monday, he realized that with exception of a handful of defense contractors, stocks are rallying because of the expectation that there will be worldwide economic growth without inflation. Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook looks at a display of the new 9.7' iPad Pro during an Apple special event at the Apple headquarters on March 21, 2016 in Cupertino, California. Technology stocks in particular have roared since the election, with Apple hitting a new closing high on Monday. So much of the rally has roots that started in Silicon Valley, Cramer said. When industrial stocks head higher, many investors think that it is because more orders are coming in. Cramer disagreed, stating that the real story is that many industrial companies have invested in technology. Thus, when they do receive orders, they are able to fil them more profitably than before. The same thing goes for bank stocks, Cramer said. As they vault higher, investors should be thinking about the cloud and mobile technology that these companies will turn to for maximizing profits. Thus, the price of Apple's stock is not determined by the White House. Yes, it has a large cash hoard overseas that could benefit from Trump's agenda of repatriation, but that's not the main thing powering Apple higher. "What is really driving the stock of Apple is something quite different. A realization that Apple's worldwide sales are coming in better than expected, its service revenue stream is on fire and its design and manufacturing supremacy is leaving long-time competitor Samsung in the dust," Cramer said. Apple is really a consortium of winners, in Cramer's book. As Apple succeeds, it pulls many other business areas with it, from the semiconductors that go into the iPhone, to the glass on the screen, to the software that powers the apps that go in to the phone, to the phone companies competing for business. Some may consider the sea change in the market to be reflection of the new industrial America. Cramer considers it the old industrial America, which is using technology to dominate and prosper in a world that is less bound to the White House than many realize. "Lots of investors still think Trump is the only thing driving this move and he can take it away with a tweet. Personally, though, I think it's about more than that," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Tim Cook: Augmented reality is the future, and fake news is ruining everything Caitlin McGarry 14 February, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News While Apple CEO Tim Cook is looking forward to his company’s next big idea, which sounds like it’s going to be augmented reality-related, he’s also stunned by the tech industry’s inability to stem the tide of fake news. In between tours of schools and meetings with developers in a trip to the UK, Cook spoke excitedly about the potential of AR in Apple devices to The Independent, and was equally impassioned about the scourge of fake news in comments to The Telegraph. The problem with fake news The term ‘fake news’ has basically lost all meaning at this point, but Cook pointed to false stories that spread like wildfire across the internet as a “big problem in a lot of the world”. Tech companies have a responsibility to intervene, he told The Telegraph. “It has to be ingrained in the schools, it has to be ingrained in the public,” Cook said. “There has to be a massive campaign. We have to think through every demographic. We need the modern version of a public service announcement campaign. It can be done quickly if there is a will.” But tech companies’ responsibility extends beyond just commercials, Cook said. “All of us technology companies need to create some tools that help diminish the volume of fake news,” he added. “We must try to squeeze this without stepping on freedom of speech and of the press, but we must also help the reader. Too many of us are just in the complain category right now and haven’t figured out what to do.” Apple is one of the companies that has spoken out against the Trump Administration’s ban on refugees and immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries. The company joined rivals Microsoft, Google, Amazon and other tech industry giants to legally challenge the ban, which was blocked by the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals last week. Augmented reality is the future Cook is never one to give away Apple’s top secret product plans, but for the last year or so he’s been hinting at the company’s pet project: augmented reality. “I regard it as a big idea like the smartphone,” he said in an interview with The Independent. “The smartphone is for everyone, we don’t have to think the iPhone is about a certain demographic or country or vertical market: it’s for everyone. I think AR is that big, it’s huge.” Cook said that AR isn’t a stand-alone product, but rather a ‘core technology’ built into other devices. “There are things to discover before that technology is good enough for the mainstream,” he added. Cook has spoken about augmented reality before, and we know from job postings that the company has staffed up to develop AR-related projects (though of course we don’t know what those will look like when they’re done). Cook made the remarks toward the end of his European tour, during which he visited France, Germany and Scotland to accept an honorary doctorate from Glasgow University. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Knock off parts blamed for camera flaw on white iPhone 4 Nvidia takes charge for faulty graphics chips Hands on with Chrome for iOS’s new voice search Was the new iPad Apple’s ‘Plan B’? Nine reasons to switch from Facebook to Google+ Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Apple’s profit slump means a pay cut for Tim Cook Apple CEO Tim Cook’s total compensation took a dive for 2016, as the company missed its financial targets for the year. The company’s earnings for... Reasons to be optimistic about the iPad’s future With another quarter of falling iPad sales, there’s a lot of talk these days about what’s up with the iPad. While Apple still sells more than twice... App Guide Educe DoTalk Cosmic Watch Gadget Guide Grado GS2000e headphones Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs Help FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Apple joins Wireless Power Consortium, charging up iPhone 8 rumour Macworld Australia Staff 14 February, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News Apple has joined the consortium behind the Qi wireless charging system, supercharging rumours that owners of future an iPhone could live tangle-free. Last week, a financial analyst claimed Apple will release three new iPhones with wireless charging capabilities this year, reviving an on-again, off-again rumour about the next-generation iPhone’s capabilities. The appearance of Apple’s name on the membership list of the Wireless Power Consortium, Qi’s creator, over the last week adds credence to that rumour. Its name was not on the list cached by Google’s search engine last Tuesday. “After several years of increasing rumour, Apple’s membership with the Wireless Power Consortium points strongly to the expectation that the next iPhone will include wireless charging technology,” said Vicky Yussuff, an analyst at market watcher IHS Technology. Don’t expect too much, though: that’s pretty much what IHS analysts said about the last iPhone, too. In fact, Apple’s membership of the WPC may have nothing to do with phones. The magnetic charging adapter supplied with the Apple Watch will charge Qi devices (although the Watch itself is programmed not to work with just any Qi charger, only those supplied or approved by Apple) so membership may just be a delayed recognition of that usage. Nine in 10 consumers want wireless charging on their next phone, according to Yussuff. The technology is now so widely adopted that it’s no longer something Apple can ignore, she added. IHS expects around 350 million wireless-chargeable devices to ship this year, in a market largely driven by Samsung Electronics, which has included the capability in its top-of-the-range phones since the launch of the Galaxy S6 in 2015. Samsung also sells wireless charging covers for the older S4 and S5. In fact, Samsung included not one but two wireless charging systems in its S6 and S7 phones: Qi and the rival Powermat technology from the Power Matters Alliance. The PMA has since merged with another wireless charging consortium, the Alliance for Wireless Power (AW4P) to form the Airfoil Alliance. That organisation does not list Apple among its members, however. Samsung has put off its next phone launch until late March, while Apple is not expected to announce new models until September. Later this month, though, mobile phone manufacturers will gather in Barcelona for the Mobile World Congress. Yussuff expects the show will see at least one major phone maker unveil a new device with wireless charging. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Apple eliminates third-party downloads What iPhone 3.0 means for mobile games The iPad’s future shock Blinky Jury finds Samsung infringed some Apple patents, must pay US$120 million in damages Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts iPhone 8 rumours: doubling down on an all-glass display for faster wireless charging People are still lining up to snag a brand new iPhone 7, but that won’t stop anyone from speculating about next year’s iPhone. Why so early? Well,... iPhone 8 rumours: new depth sensors to power facial recognition and AR The iPhone 7 you got for the holidays still has that new-iPhone smell, but that won’t stop anyone from speculating about next year’s iPhone. After... App Guide Educe DoTalk Cosmic Watch Gadget Guide 3SIXT Bluetooth Studio Earbuds Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs Help FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
null
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R Phone Reviews Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Entertainment Reviews An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Suspiria Is Just As Terrifying And Fantastic Now As It Was 40 Years Ago Jabra Elite Sport: Australian Review An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Samsung's New Chromebook Is A Nearly Perfect Budget Laptop Oppo R9s: Australian Review Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Gadgets While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face Lightning Earbuds With A Built-in Charging Making Avoiding Wireless Slightly Easier People Only Want Fossil's Fashion Smartwatches If They're Cheap As Hell Mobile The White House Finally Convinced Me To Start Using A Secure Messaging App Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC The Nokia 3310 Was A Frickin' Tank It Looks A Whole Lot Like The Next iPhone Will Have Wireless Charging Car Tech Myer Melbourne Is Getting A Tesla Showroom The Most Dedicated Mechanics In The World Wrench On The Streets Of Hong Kong Toyota Is Building A Real-Life Tonka Truck Uber Has A Murder Problem Online YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake Report: Sad Yahoo Deal Somehow Gets Even Sadder Match.com Bets That Watching The Walking Dead's Zombies Will Make People Want To Screw Science & Health The Amount Of Oxygen In The Ocean Has Dropped Thanks To Humans This Sea Monster News Is Really Messing Me Up The Winners Of NASA's Space Poop Competition Are Full Of Ideas  Why The Most Controversial 2020 Mars Rover Landing Site Is Also The Most Exciting Cameras Bali In 360-Degree 4K Looks Better Than It Ever Has Camera With Lens Made From 32,000 Drinking Straws Takes The Eeriest Photos Genius Professor Turns His Classroom Into A Giant Pinhole Camera Lady Gaga's Halftime Superbowl Show Was Lit By Intel Drones Computing How To Build The Ultimate Movie And Music Server How To Painlessly Run Windows On Your Mac Logitech's Brio Is A 4K, HDR, Face-Unlocking Webcam Ask Giz: Why Are Some Blu-ray Discs Bendy? Gaming Here Are The Dates For PAX Australia 2017 Watching Swamp Thing Beat The Crap Out Of Damian Wayne In Injustice 2 Is Immensely Satisfying The Atari Flashback Has 101 Built-In Games (And You Can Buy It Right Now) Valentine's Day (When Your Partner Loves Virtual Reality More Than They Love You) Entertainment When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  Agents Of SHIELD Dives Into Total LMD Madness Logan Clip Teases X-23's Brutal Origins Mel Gibson Might Direct Suicide Squad 2 Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Telstra TV Is The Fastest-Growing Streaming Box In Australia, Apparently YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake It Looks A Whole Lot Like The Next iPhone Will Have Wireless Charging Michael Nunez Feb 14, 2017, 9:30am ⋅ Filed to:  apple iphone iphone 8 qi wireless power consortium Share Apple just quietly joined Wireless Power Consortium, a group of 214 companies dedicated to promoting wireless charging through its "Qi" standard, fuelling rumours that the next iPhone will include the technology. Image: Gizmodo Whispers of a wireless-charging iPhone have been around for years, but Apple's new membership in the Wireless Power Consortium is the most significant evidence to date that the company is serious about developing the technology. It also comes just months before the release of the next iPhone, which is rumoured to be packed with expensive new hardware. Behind the scenes, Apple has been making moves for years that have lead several experts to believe the next iPhone will charge wirelessly. Earlier this month, the company submitted an unnamed "wireless device" to the FCC that contained Bluetooth and NFC, which some suspected was the highly anticipated wireless-charging iPhone. Shortly after its FCC submission was reported, respected KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted Apple will release three versions of its next iPhone, all of which will include wireless charging. His prediction is based off of information from manufacturers, assemblers and other sources with direct knowledge. Kuo's prediction echoes a lot of the same information included in a recent Fast Company report, which claims that one version of the next iPhone will be packed with high-end parts that will make the device cost more than $US1000 ($1303). There is also the fact that Apple has been hiring wireless charging experts for some time now, including at least two former uBeam engineers with an expertise in wireless charging, according to a report from The Verge. It's still unclear why Apple hasn't released a wireless charging iPhone. As Bloomberg reported early last year, the company has been stockpiling patents involving wireless charging methods, including one that uses the iMac as a hub for charging devices at a distance of one metre called near-field magnetic resonance. Bloomberg also predicted Apple would release a wireless-charging iPhone in 2017. Of course, we should take these rumours with a huge grain of salt. Apple is already using wireless inductive charging in the Apple Watch, and any new investments could be simply to beef up that product. With all of that said, we're long overdue for a wireless charging iPhone. Competitors like LG and Samsung have released several phones capable with inductive charging. Right now, the only way you can get wireless charging on an iPhone is by using a special case that includes Qi wireless technology. The brand behind the wireless charging case, Mophie, also built a battery case before Apple basically ripped off the idea with its own charging case. Whether this technology would be helpful is an entirely different point. The problem with inductive charging right now is that you have to set your phone in a very specific place in order for it to work. You could argue that this is more inconvenient that having to plug it into a cable. For others, however, a wireless-charging iPhone could be the realisation of a rumour that has been around for years. Comments ixixly @ixixly Feb 14, 2017, 10:12am Why haven't they done it already? Because this is Apples MO, they wait for something like this to be mainstream and a little "Forgotten" then bring it up and market it as being a "Game Changer"!! Seriously, seen several articles in the news lately about how "Amazing" it is that Apple will have Wireless charging with most of them going so far as to call it a "Game Changer"?! Really?! And people I know are actually eating up all the hype and are a little taken aback when reminded Wireless charging has been around for a few years now in Mobiles... Reply 3 boomgarden @boomgarden Feb 14, 2017, 10:23am It depends. If they just roll out the same old wireless charging that's in toothbrushes, then it's a fail. But if they come out with something that charges differently, maybe at a much greater range, or something equally mind-blowing, then that will be awesome. Reply 0 frankly_franky @frankly_franky Feb 14, 2017, 10:24am Don't forget it will also have a curved screen... Double game changer! No one has thought of that before. Reply 2 mosesvii @mosesvii Feb 14, 2017, 10:44am So tired of this sort of comment. Apple aren't out there calling it game changing. If media outlets are indeed doing that get angry at them, not Apple. I'm glad Apple is potentially catching up on the wireless charging space... why be so negative! Reply -2 axe @axe Feb 14, 2017, 11:15am No game changing is not an apple adjective. Imaginative, revolutionary, intuitive - they are apple adjectives Reply 0 darren @darren Feb 14, 2017, 10:45am Time to sue everyone else with wireless charging because Apple 'invented' it. I'm predicting next year they'll sue Google when Apple finally they invent a virtual assistant that doesn't suck. Reply 1 barry @barry Feb 14, 2017, 10:35am Yes, the Apple Fan Boys will be out in force saying what a huge upgrade it over the last iPhone released. Google and even Microsoft/Nokia have had Wireless charging for many years and a curved screen too on Google phones. I wonder if Giz US will do their normal kiss Apple's ar$3 when reporting it on release. Reply 0 mosesvii @mosesvii Feb 14, 2017, 10:46am Yep, heaven forbid Apple owners get excited about something you have had for years. Apple users are only aloud to get excited over things no one has seen before... You tell em. - Insert sarcasm and a roll of the eyes where you see fit. Reply 2 barry @barry Feb 14, 2017, 11:38am :-D Reply 0 Vapid Guest Feb 14, 2017, 12:29pm Some people just need to hate something because their insecurity leads them to believe their identity is determined by their phone choice. Don't bother arguing because you can't reason against transference and projection with logic unless the other person has a willingness to recognise their cognitive biases. Reply 0 Rae Johnston @raejohnston MOD Feb 14, 2017, 12:33pm Gentle reminder to calm your farm, people. The Giz Community Guidelines have a section on "fanboyism" turning nasty that might be relevant to this conversation: http://www.gizmodo.com.au/guidelines/ Reply 0 MotorMouth @motormouth Feb 14, 2017, 1:36pm I can see the logic in this. If wireless charging is such a big thing to you and other handsets have had it for several years, it begs the question why you have stuck with an iPhone, which in turn leads to the thought that maybe you are under the influence of Apple's reality distortion field. I have chosen my phone based on the features that are important to me, not on the brand or what other people are using or anything else, so it would be perfectly reasonable for me to have a go at anyone who is swayed by a logo or a misguided perception that their choice is in any way objective and well reasoned. No hating required, and certainly none of the comments have even suggested there was any, just the application of logic and common sense (which may indeed be foreign concepts to many iPhone users). Reply 0 MotorMouth @motormouth Feb 14, 2017, 10:45am "The problem with inductive charging right now is that you have to set your phone in a very specific place in order for it to work." This isn't true at all. The margin for error with my phone and it's inductive charger is considerable. I just plonk it down, without paying much attention to it at all, and it always starts charging. I probably have 2-3cm leeway laterally and 5-6cm on the long axis of the phone, which is a considerable percentage of the phone's overall size. Compared to the hassle of having to find the end of a cable and stuff around plugging it in, it is nirvana and I'd never go back to a phone that needed a cable to charge. The only drawback is that it takes longer to charge so in 20 minutes on the inductive charger I might get 20% into the phone, where I'd get maybe 30% with a cable and the phone's own charger. It's faster than charging it through my laptop, though. Reply 1 Well... Guest Feb 14, 2017, 4:59pm That lightning cable is pretty low hassle, I assume USB-c is too. I'm pretty sure I can live without wireless charging on any phone. Reply 0 MotorMouth @motormouth Feb 15, 2017, 10:56am That's only because you've never used it. I was the same but my Lumia 925 came with a charging cover and wireless charging plate so I gave it a go. Now I coudl never go back. Your point about the Lightning connector or USB Type-C is also quite poor, in that they are both basically non-standard connections. My current phone uses USB Type C but every other device I need to recharge uses microUSB - back-up battery, Kindle, Bluetooth speakers (I have three that use microUSB) and all my bicycle lights - so the phone becomes a thing that needs a separate cable, which you then have to sort out from the others, rather than just grabbing whichever one is spare. It's actually more of a hssle than microUSB, not less. Sure, the wireless charger has it's own PSU and take a slot on my power board but I don't have to pick it from the other leads when I want to charge my phone, I just plonk it down on the desk as I walk past. I barely need to even look at what I'm doing, it's so easy. Reply 0 ixixly @ixixly Feb 14, 2017, 11:02pm It depends a lot on your charger as well, I went and bought a Choetech QI Wireless Charging Pad, it has 3 Coils inside which makes placement much, MUCH easier. The Samsung Single Coil Charger takes a little bit of mucking around sometimes to get right, not a big deal, but the 3 Coil Choetech Charger is effortless! Reply 0 annongizuser @annongizuser Feb 14, 2017, 10:54am If the iPhone 7S or 8 doesn't come with a hat then I'm not interested. Reply 1 Vapid Guest Feb 14, 2017, 12:31pm http://gizmodo.com/5443241/review-the-as-seen-on-tv-hat-an-iphone-viewing-visor Close enough? Reply 0 M0F0 @m0f0 Feb 14, 2017, 1:53pm I think it's great news. As much as I dislike Apple, unfortunately some things take a lot longer to get super popular unless they're involved. Now if only they'd open up NFC (not Apple Pay but the just use of the reader) to be used by apps then it would take off a bit better. Reply 0 muntedewok @muntedewok Feb 14, 2017, 4:16pm It looks a whole lot like no one gives a shit. That ship sailed many years ago. The catchup game is real at Apple since Jobs passed. Reply 0 Kahuna Guest Feb 14, 2017, 4:16pm Will you need another dongle for the wireless charger? Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC Rae Johnston 14 Feb 2017 12:15 PM Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac are attempting to gain permission from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) to negotiate as a group for access to Apple Pay and the Near Field Communication (NFC) function on iPhones. No, scratch that - they'd just be happy with the NFC, actually. Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet Bill Morrow, NBN 15 Feb 2017 9:45 AM This op-ed from NBN's chief executive Bill Morrow is being posted to the National Broadband Network company's blog today, and is being republished here in full by Gizmodo. Do you agree with his explanation? Do you disagree? Let us know in the comments. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: You Can Now Stream Your Favourite Shows From Anywhere Deals: Become A Pro Data Analyst With This R Programming Bundle Deals: Today Only! Save 70% On These Online Courses Deals: These Magnetic Wireless Headphones Are Perfect For Hassle Free Listening Trending Articles 1 Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC 2 Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet 3 YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage 4 John Wick 2 Finally Has An Australian Release Date 5 An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  Agents Of SHIELD Dives Into Total LMD Madness The Latest Marvel Legends Set Is A Guardians Of The Galaxy All-Star Team Behold, Frankenstein's Star Wars Ships More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out DC's Newest Young Animal Series Is A Deep, Deep Jack Kirby Cut Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker REPORT: The EU is terrified that Brexit will allow people to sell 'British Champagne' Explained: A transitional deal and what it would actually mean for Brexit The number of EU workers in Britain is starting to fall The CEO of startup bank Starling says EU law is 'important and good' for UK fintech © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Markets Germany wants Greece in euro zone, IMF says no special deals Business Standard Apple closes at record high for first time since 2015 Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalisation beyond $20 trillion Reuters  |  SAN FRANCISCO  February 14, 2017 Last Updated at 02:55 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTPiRp ALSO READ Wall Street weighed down by Apple Wall Street falls as energy lags; shares post gains on week Wall Street dragged down by healthcare stocks Wall Street opens lower as Apple drags Wall Street flat as investors look for clues on rates Shares of Apple rose to a record high close on Monday, buoyed by Wall Street's expectations that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent-up customer demand will shore up lacklustre sales. The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at $133.29, breaking above its record high close of $133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015 and giving it a market value of about $699.3 billion. Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalisation on Monday beyond $20 trillion for the first time. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15.1 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of $134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday's gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to $150. She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. Read More On Usa | Markets | Apple | Wall Street | Shares | International PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Apple closes at record high for first time since 2015 Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalisation beyond $20 trillion Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalisation beyond $20 trillion for the first time Shares of Apple rose to a record high close on Monday, buoyed by Wall Street's expectations that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent-up customer demand will shore up lacklustre sales. The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at $133.29, breaking above its record high close of $133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015 and giving it a market value of about $699.3 billion. Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalisation on Monday beyond $20 trillion for the first time. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15.1 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of $134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday's gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to $150. She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple closes at record high for first time since 2015 Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalisation beyond $20 trillion Shares of Apple rose to a record high close on Monday, buoyed by Wall Street's expectations that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent-up customer demand will shore up lacklustre sales. The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at $133.29, breaking above its record high close of $133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015 and giving it a market value of about $699.3 billion. Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalisation on Monday beyond $20 trillion for the first time. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15.1 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of $134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday's gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to $150. She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SET IT AND FORGET IT It’s looking more likely that the next iPhone will have wireless charging Written by Mike Murphy February 13, 2017 Not charging—yet. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato) Share Written by Mike Murphy February 13, 2017 One of the most annoying things about smartphones is that they never last as long as we need them to, which is why so many of us have been forced to ask a bartender if we could “just charge this back there for a few minutes?” With the iPhone at least, that may finally be changing. As 9to5Mac noticed today, Apple is now listed as a member of the Wireless Power Consortium (WPC), an association of companies that has been promoting a wireless-charging standard called “Qi” since 2008. Many other smartphone manufacturers have already included wireless charging capabilities in their devices, and companies such as Starbucks and IKEA have started incorporating wireless charging stations into their stores and products. But Apple has been a holdout on incorporating the technology into its devices, instead requiring customers to dutifully plug in their iPhones using the notably breakable (and proprietary) Lighting cable. Apple joining the wireless consortium lends credence to rumors that the next iPhone, likely to be announced this September, will include wireless charging. Apple declined to comment on whether wireless charging would be appearing in any upcoming products, but confirmed to Quartz that it had joined the WPC, adding: Apple is an active member of many standards development organizations, as both a leader and contributor. Apple is joining the Wireless Power Consortium to be able to participate and contribute ideas to the open, collaborative development of future wireless charging standards. We look forward to working together with the WPC and its members. Hopefully an Apple wireless-charging rollout will be better executed than the company’s removal of the headphone jack from the iPhone 7, a move that forced customers to use adapters to plug in their headphones through the Lightning port, or to buy a costly pair of wireless headphones, such as Apple’s own $160 AirPods. Hopefully Apple also dodges the pitfalls of its wireless-payments rollout, which requires store owners to buy special terminals that work with Apple’s custom version of the NFC wireless connectivity standard. But closed systems are demanding things: Given Apple’s history, we’ll probably see a wireless-charging iPhone that only works with Apple-sanctioned wireless charging stations. A non-wireless charging dock already costs $40; so maybe stay friendly with your bartender just in case. Most Popular India’s richest man calls Donald Trump “a blessing in disguise for India” Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple hits record high as it reaches market value of over $700 BILLION  Helped catapult the S&P 500 stock index over the $20 trillion mark Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at $133.29  Rumours around Apple's iPhone 8 believed to have been behind recent rises By Reuters Published: 16:33 EST, 13 February 2017 | Updated: 18:08 EST, 13 February 2017 e-mail 5 shares 12 View comments Apple shares cruised to a record-high close Monday, helping catapult the S&P 500 stock index over the $20 trillion mark, and leaving Apple with a market value of about $699 billion.  The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at $133.29, above its record high close of $133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015. Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalization on Monday beyond $20 trillion for the first time. Scroll down for video  Apple shares cruised to a record-high close Monday, helping catapult the S&P 500 stock index over the $20 trillion mark, and leaving Apple with a market value of about $699 billion. While mutual funds have largely bet on Apple in recent months, some big names missed out on all or part of its recent acceleration. Hedge fund manager Dan Loeb's Third Point LLC cut its stake in Apple by 26 percent to 1.9 million shares in the fourth quarter, according to regulatory filings, while George Soros and Carl Icahn also shed their Apple shares last year. In contrast, the number of mutual funds reporting they became Apple shareholders in recent quarterly filings has jumped by 187 percent to 287, while the number of mutual funds liquidating their Apple holdings dropped by 26 percent to 151, according to Morningstar. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The 'flying bum' is back! Giant airship gets ahead to fly... NASA rockets to create artificial clouds over Alaska in... The 'Dungeons and Dragons' asteroid: NASA spots object with... Who runs the world? Algorithms! The secret code that is... Share this article Share Among the big names who backed the stock, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway last August said it had increased its stake in Apple by 55 percent to 15 million shares, now worth $2 billion. David Einhorn's hedge fund Greenlight Capital in January said it still likes Apple. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of $134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday's gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to $150.  She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. Many investors are betting that Apple will mark the iPhone's 10th anniversary with a dramatically improved model.  They also believe that strong sales of the iPhone 6S two years ago have left a larger-than-normal base of customers ready to upgrade. The Cupertino, California company reported strong December-quarter results on Jan. 31, and although it gave a cautious outlook for the current quarter, Wall Street expects revenue to grow this year after sinking nearly 8 percent in fiscal 2016. In 1998, when the S&P 500 closed above $10 trillion for the first time, Apple accounted for just under 0.06 percent of the index. It now accounts for about 3.5 percent of the S&P 500, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The 721 days that have passed since Apple's previous record-high close represent the largest gap between such milestones since the iPhone's launch in 2007. IPHONE 8 RUMORS   Several rumors have been circulating about the iPhone 8, and suggest the next device may have: - Dual-lens 3D camera  - Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings  - Curved glass casing - Plastic OLED screen  - Wireless charging  - A folding element  The news was reported by analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who also said the battery life of the 4.7-inch iPhone 8 might end up having a better could be better than the 5.5-inch iPhone (pictured is artist impression) - New 5 inch (12.7 centimeter) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimeter) model, which will have a wraparound OLED screen  - 5.8 inch will be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass and in the active display area' - A new 'pure white' model  - Aluminum back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle  - Facial recognition Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares Most watched News videos Moment ISIS suicide attacker detonates bomb near Syrian rebels Dog CRIES after being told off for chewing sofa into pieces Redback spider catches brown snake in it's web and attacks it Terrifying moment deadly Chicago ambush captured on Facebook live Shocking moment a model poses on the ledge of very tall skyscraper Social Experiment: Would you breastfeed a stranger's baby? Final moments of radio broadcast before Dominican Rep DJ shot dead CCTV shows Kim Jong Un's 'female assassin' sent to kill half-brother Deputy Cody Williams and young boy in adorable dance-off Donald and Melania welcome Israeli PM and wife at White House ISIS video of boys from Yazidi area of Iraq 'on suicide mission' Brutal moment James Arthur is smashed in the head by thug Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer:... Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning... Make-up artist, 22, and her boyfriend, 22, agree that SHE... Assassin in a mini skirt? How the chillingly audacious... Motorist is branded a hero by other drivers after parking... Murder squad close a city centre McDonald's as boy, 17,... Model of stupidity! Stunning Russian Instagram queen... Tree surgeon father-of-one, 31, dies when his CHAINSAW... A 'criminal' attack on 'a wonderful man': Trump ramps up... Group of strictly Orthodox Jewish men cause 'absolute... Moment two-year-old boy was shot dead on Facebook Live:... Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour: Her... 'One day, Leny kissed me': Amanda Knox opens up about... Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to... Ex-NHL star Mike Comrie who was married to Hilary Duff is... Redback v snake: Extraordinary moment a spider takes on a... Mother of murdered schoolgirl Billie-Jo Jenkins calls for... Trump's Labor pick Andrew Puzder officially withdraws his... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (12) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate... The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions'... 400-year-old temple is revealed after decades underwater as drought drains the Mexican lake which flooded... Brightly-lit orange UFO filmed hovering over French coastal town baffles residents Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission... Can YOU spot Planet 9? NASA launches new website for 'armchair astronomers' to sift through telescope data Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to... Tesla boss Elon Musk backs a 'basic income' for everyone because robots will take away our jobs leaving us... The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai New study reveals 30 foot high 'megawaves' are more common than thought - and could soon put coastal towns... Paving over gardens hits city butterflies: Numbers of 25 species decline faster in urban areas than in the... Life in Earth's oceans bounced back far more quickly than thought after world's worst mass extinction Monkeys and dogs BOTH judge humans on how they treat others - and prefer fairer people The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical lightweight metal foam attack plane with a... The robot bee that could pollinate the Earth's plants: Student designs drone that mimics cross-pollination... MORE HEADLINES A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate CHAOS The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Don't panic! Earth's protective shield WON'T vanish: Minerals in Iron Age clay jars suggest the magnetic field has always fluctuated The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions' each year on defence, top astrophysicist warns  The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical lightweight metal foam attack plane with a PROPELLER Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission of new Orion capsule - the first time humans have left low orbit since 1972 Battle of the beasties: Horrifying footage shows a huge wasp drag a paralysed wolf spider to its death Is YOUR boss tracking you? Firms are installing creepy hidden sensors to monitor your every move around the office Will the UAE be the first to set up a CITY on Mars? Stunning images reveal plans for a colony on the red planet by 2117 Rare spearhead and sword are among the stunning Bronze Age treasures dug up at a Scottish building site in a 'find of a lifetime' Airbus and Oracle unveil the 'flying yacht' set to try and retain America's Cup for the US Rolling with the punches: Flat footed fighters have an evolutionary advantage when it comes to combat Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to relieve themselves in orbit Catastrophic drought in Syria created the 'perfect storm' for political turmoil - and minerals in ancient caves suggest the worst is yet to come Lift off! India successfully launches 104 satellites from a single rocket - almost TRIPLE the previous record set by Russia MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show Season five collection Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Looked sensational Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle Hoping  LA is kinder  Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  A passionate performance  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Fractured friendship  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren was out with her girls in the Big Apple  Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  Keeping busy  Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection 'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE  music video Fifty Shades Darker tops the Valentine's Day box office as R-rated erotic sequel earns $11 million  Film fans were in the mood for love Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show Kept up with appearances A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania, 11, walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode More drama Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Loving the single life  Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, George Clooney is understandably anxious  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Slinky swimwear  Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Left The Mercer Hotel Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Teen daughter was the center of attention  Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Proud mother  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host to Kanye Ivanka joins Melania and Sara Netanyahu for press conference but leaves them alone to visit new Smithsonian African American history museum   Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship The blonde actress, 38 She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York It's a big day for Kimye A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Looking stunning  'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Coordinated their looks Harrison Ford is seen for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA say the investiation will be delayed  Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker 'She's a remarkable broadcaster and a real force': Matt Lauer heaps praise on NBC hire Megyn Kelly in rare interview but goes quiet about Ann Curry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Out and about looking smart casual  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show The actress stole the show  Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size Things got out of hand Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Still rocks the red carpet Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent 'Punished for a joke' 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues Magnificent Melania:  First Lady wears stunning skirt suit in her first official appearance at White House since Trump was sworn in as president 'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Showed off her locks  Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Mixed vintage  Porsche employee accused of joking about the crash that killed Paul Walker because it boosted the value of other 'rare' Carrera GTs cars Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show Wore a white ruched dress 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show Treats for everyone  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she did her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' A stressed-looking Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at New York Fashion Week... following 'disastrous' show last fall Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid Stunning as always  Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl bet with the random fan who asked her for a date on Twitter if the Patriots won  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to Kanye's latest New York Fashion Week Yeezy 5 show as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent Patience! The REAL reason Guns N' Roses kept fans waiting at Melbourne gig - as Axl Rose's band mates begged him to hurry up Notorious hellraiser  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave her 58.7m followers a treat  Breathing in Morocco! Shanina Shaik smokes hookah and visits souk during exotic high fashion shoot in Marrakesh In-demand model  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Two broke off their engagement in July Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at the lavish Four Seasons resort  Susan Sarandon among the celebs enjoying S&M-themed cabaret at risque New York nightclub The Box - as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin'  Publisher claims he has 75,000 word manuscript of Mick Jagger's autobiography written during the 1980s... but he doesn't remember writing it! New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Looked on good form with her new hairstyle 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Fascinating revelations   Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Was on The Late Late Show earlier in the week Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Wowed on the street 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it happening Pregnant Natalie Portman looks ready to pop as she goes for a hike with mother Shelley in Los Feliz It'll be a second child for the 35-year-old actress Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than $620k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  The Hello star is having another fine year  Tamron Hall back at work shooting new season of Deadline Crime after hitting up the Super Bowl and Grammys after vacation following NBC exit 'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Victoria's Secret star Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Club is the Pink Pony 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Best friends with Kendall Jenner for two years 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Standing up for her belief No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport She proved she can look good anywhere, anytime Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Was ready for spring on in New York 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? Growing family  'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue All is not well  Soldiering on! Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first NYFW show since his breakdown She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper The Shake It Up! actress  What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week Went from flirty in floral to black and white Breaking boundaries! Hijab-wearing model makes her runway debut at Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show during New York Fashion Week  Courtney Stodden forgets about her broken marriage as she celebrates Valentine's Day with Heather Locklear's plastic surgeon ex Marc Mani EXCLUSIVE: Star Trek actor William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by Florida radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Family affair! Lucky Blue Smith and his three stunning sisters star in new H&M Coachella campaign playing as their band The Atomics Model plays drums 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London subway system for 'body shaming' young women  Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Was shooting the final scene of the new film i 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day She's 37, he's 33 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election The 30-year-old Girls star stood up for her pal  Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone The blonde singer Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Looked very chic  Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post The 34-year-old singer Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a sidewalk pileup  Kesha submits damning emails in court case against 'abuser' Dr. Luke who slammed her for drinking Diet Coke and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman The Thelma & Louise star talked candidly  All caught up! As fishnets become a staple on the runway and with stars like Kylie Jenner, FEMAIL reveals how to pull off the sexy knit in real life Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall movie role The 46-year-old says his kids  'loved' the look Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his condo in West Los Angeles' Seven Year Switch husband storms away from his angry wife after she watches footage of him telling experimental spouse that he is ATTRACTED to her 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Revealed shock news on social media Bethenny Frankel spends Valentine's Day with new man after revealing she's not serious with Dennis Shields... and still needs to 'heal' after divorce Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Los Angeles Lakers basketball game on Valentine's Day Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows senator a KISS during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for bromance money Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show The 18-year-old teased her Instagram followers  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue that was meant to celebrate diversity Models off duty! As NYFW comes to an end, FEMAIL highlights the most enviable street style outfits of Hailey Baldwin, Bella Hadid and more EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein stumbled heading to court where assault charges are dropped over brawl with boyfriend Lloyd Klein 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGIZES after claiming Beyonce is 'beautiful to look at but not a singer' U-turn on his comments Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer top as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection The 35-year-old actress  EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided Yves Montand was baby's father - not husband Arthur Miller Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book The A-list lensman  'No-one is safe!' Internet goes wild for memes of celebrities from Ivanka Trump to Emma Watson gazing longingly at  Justin Trudeau Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant statement in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Red hot Selena Gomez showcases her incredibly toned legs and sculpted physique in sexy high-slit dress The 24-year-old looked stunning in NYC 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Actress Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  'It's important for my daughters to know that it's not real life.': Blake Lively says having little girls changed her view of how beauty is portrayed in the media Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day pizza dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  Looking good at 70! Rocky star Sylvester Stallone gets his enviably thick locks styled at salon... after 'brutal' Pilates session with daughter Recording Academy boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors NYFW show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap Rob Kardashian's 28-year-old fiancée  'I was just so thrilled!' Transgender teen responds to Laverne Cox mentioning his upcoming Supreme Court bathroom policy case at Grammys  Cops illegally searched the home of Sandra Bullock's stalker and now prosecutors won't be able to use guns seized at the house during trial 'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Sat front and center Feeling blue? Singer Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista... in a VERY skimpy ensemble Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date in NYC after nearly 20 years of marriage That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian post image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show The look of love One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Keeping body in shape Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky black tasseled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Not runway ready! Model Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing a dazzling blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today The blonde bombshells 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Beauty battled haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris The 39-year-old Hollywood actress Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals Puppy love!  Dancing With the Stars' Julianne Hough takes her pooch along as she goes for a hike with her mom in Los Angeles Showed off her legs 'Classy way to put someone in their place!' Britney's fans go wild as she 'throws shade' at Katy Perry with Bible verse after singer's 'shaved head' comment  Mika's moving on: Morning Joe co-host puts her New York mansion on sale for $2million after divorcing her husband after 22 years of marriage 'People push me into a corner... I'm no expert': Emma Watson reveals she fell into a 'sulk' after feminism backlash... and even struggled to get out of bed Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Charm runs in the family! Pierce Brosnan's model son Dylan, 20  treats his pretty girlfriend to a romantic dinner date  Singing Out Loud! Ed Sheeran leaves his CUTEST fan speechless after sneaking up behind him as he serenades Ellen DeGeneres with his song The Duchess of Cambridge's facialist reveals unlikely secrets behind Kate's red carpet glow - including chocolate spread and porridge oats 'Who thought a sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict Cumberbatch reveals his delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favorite BBC character  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer: Devastated sister reveals did NOT have a brain tumor and 'had plans' for future Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress as she joins glam co-star Susan Sarandon, 70, at Feud event in NYC 'I'm always looking for ways to help': Paris Hilton donates 50 items including a snowboard for auction benefiting two children's charities The blonde socialite 'Stronger than ever': Larsa and Scottie Pippen pose in Valentine's Day family shot after 'halting divorce proceedings'  Trying to work it out  Showing her stripes! Queen Letizia of Spain looks demure in a ballet-length skirt and chic pinstripe blouse as she welcomes guests at her Madrid palace Naomi Watts goes NAKED to play widowed child psychologist in creepy thriller Shut In... and becomes convinced a ghost has taken over her house Model Winnie Harlow debuts new perm as she puts on a daring display in a racy bandeau co-ord set at fashion party in New York Former ANTM contestant 'Love and peace to everyone!' Jonathan Rhys Meyers and fiancée Mara Lane share FIRST image of baby son Wolf... two months after home birth Third time's a charm! Bombshell Kate Upton poses topless on cover of 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue after claims of 'diva' behavior 'I don't remember this': Lisa Rinna claims memory lapse when confronted by Kyle Richards in Mexico on RHOBH The 53-year-old sobbed  Ashley Graham shares nude snap from her Lane Bryan Collection photo shoot  The 28-year-old is seen posing with her hands covering her breasts  'Don't bother with the first episode as I'm not in it': Charlie Higson confirms season three of Broadchurch will return to TV screens later this month  He's behind you! Prince Charles accidentally photobombs rock band Kasabian's guitarist on a visit to a country pub in western England The 68-year-old royal Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary pokes fun at the couple's 18 year age gap during romantic  getaway amid bitter custody row  Is that you Pansy Parkinson? Harry Potter actress Scarlett Byrne poses for Playboy magazine as she declares 'naked is normal' Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan The 34-year-old actress was out with her son Fancy seeing you here! Guns N' Roses drummer Frank Ferrer takes part in an impromptu jam session at Brisbane bar with locals unaware of his fame Kendall Jenner is the picture of glamour in chic suit and fur coat as she gets a new piercing at jewelry store in New York City after TV appearance 'Rest in peace, my love': Ricki Lake takes to Instagram to announce death of ex-husband Christian Evans He had bipolar disorder Thousands of floral tributes left in honor of George Michael outside his London home are cleared away in trash bags seven weeks after the singer's death She's hot for romance! Ariel Winter dares to bare on with two racy ensembles and a provocative Instagram post The 19-year-old actress TV cook Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on The Great British Bake Off... as it's revealed she had 13-year affair with hubby of mom's best friend Cheeky! Paris Hilton leaves little to the imagination in silver panel dress with completely sheer sides at The Blonds NYFW runway show 'She wasn't interested': Emma Watson accused of 'diva behavior' after arriving at ELLE Style Awards 90 minutes late and snubbing the red carpet Madonna's fans are left feeling scared after 'sick' star posts 'evil looking' video of herself singing Valentine's song while recuperating in bed in her nightgown 'Bubbles!' Mariah Carey enjoys a sexy Valentine's Day dip in the hot tub with beau Bryan Tanaka Flaunted her romance with her younger hunk Chrissy Teigen shows off some major cleavage in a tiny lace bralet and smart suit as she joins husband John Legend for Valentine's date night Together for seven years  Babysitting A team! Kourtney Kardashian and Kris Jenner take North shopping while Kim and Kanye are in New York for Fashion Week Bound 2 look sexy on Valentine's Day! Kim Kardashian puts on a busty display for romantic meal with Kanye West at NYC's Carbone restaurant 'Do I look like I wait?' Erika Girardi endorses sex on the first date during Valentine's Day appearance on Watch What Happens Live The 45-year-old star  Demi Lovato sizzles in cleavage-baring catsuit and gold dress in racy Snapchats Singer performed in two alluring outfits which she shared on Snapchat  Serena Williams loves her quirky Valentine's Day gift from 'techie' fiancé Alexis Ohanian The Reddit co-founder chose some unusual for the tennis legend That's a wrap! Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling film upcoming Disney movie A Wrinkle In Time in New Zealand Picturesque backdrop 'What the f***!' Kim Zolciack grabs a handful of husband Kroy's crotch in front of teen daughter Brielle Real Housewife couldn't hide her affection Beautiful in blue! Shailene Woodley looks stunning in a sheer dress on Late Night With Seth Meyers The 25-year-old former child star What's new pussycat? Tom's dating Priscilla! As ALISON BOSHOFF reveals, from paternity suits to plastic surgery, they share more than a love of Elvis  It's a girl! Supergirl star Laura Benanti welcomes first child with husband Patrick Brown on Valentine's Day Named her Ella Rose REIDy to party! Tara looks a little bleary-eyed as she hits Tape nightclub with a gal pal after attending Drake's London gig The 41-year-old actress Nicole Murphy, 49, shows taut tummy in cropped T-shirt while picking up pet supplies with cute dog in Beverly Hills Eddie Murphy's model ex 'Classy and fabulous!' Kendall Jenner is the quintessential Chanel girl as she wears a striking ensemble from the fashion house on the Tonight Show Makeup-free Rita Ora shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure on Valentine's Day The America's Next Top Model host Tender moments! Gigi Hadid posts intimate photo with Zayn Malik announcing the two celebrate Valentine's Day 'everyday'  Displayed her devotion  Who wore it best? Miley Cyrus shares hilarious photoshopped picture of her and fiance Liam Hemsworth wearing the same dress on Valentine's Day 'It was f***ing terrifying!' Drew Barrymore 'almost died' suffering concussion during stunt for zombie series Santa Clarita Diet Suffered a head injury From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Rare spearhead and sword are among the stunning Bronze Age treasures dug up at a Scottish building site in a 'find of a lifetime' 28 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: After Earnings, Apple Stock Keeps Climbing Apple's recent quarterly check-ins have been fairly ho-hum, but not this time! The Mac maker is back to growth after an impressive quarter. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Feb 13, 2017 at 5:18PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been on a tear since reporting earnings earlier this month. In this episode of Industry Focus: Tech, Motley Fool analyst Dylan Lewis and senior tech specialist Evan Niu take a dive into the earnings report. Tune in to find out what had the market so excited. Learn how many of its own records Apple broke this quarter, what the big numbers looked like, what the fastest-growing segments are and how they're poised to keep growing, and how the Trump administration might affect Apple in the next few years, and much more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Feb. 3, 2017. Dylan Lewis: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Friday, Feb. 3, and we're breaking down Apple's earnings release. I'm your host, Dylan Lewis, and I'm joined on Skype by Fool.com senior tech specialist Evan Niu. Evan, how are you doing? Evan Niu: Pretty good, about to go on vacation. Lewis: About to go on vacation. I doubt that you could possibly be doing as well as Apple is doing this week, though. Niu: [laughs] That's true. Lewis: It's not too often that you see the world's largest company spike 6% after earnings. Niu: Yeah. The numbers they put up, I mean, I was pretty impressed. I wasn't really expecting them to blow it out like this, and beat their own guidance by $400 million. Lewis: Yeah. We always do the Apple earnings show, it's one of my favorites to do. But after several in a row where we've been like, "Yeah, we know that growth is slow or even declining, but just be patient, we think it's going to be OK," it will be nice to do a show where we can talk about them and have a bit of a rosier outlook on things, and maybe reaffirm some of the confidence that the Street should have in the business. In a lot of ways, it's still a fantastic company. Why don't we start out with a big numbers here? Revenue came in at $78.3 billion, which beat estimates of $77.3 billion. Also beat the company's guidance, like you said, by a couple hundred million. Earnings per share came in at $3.36 for the quarter, which also beat estimates of $3.22. So, for the first time since fiscal Q1 of last year, the company posted year-over-year revenue growth. Niu: Yeah. I think that's one of the big stories. 2016 was so tough on them in terms of storylines and sentiment, because, yeah, first year ever of showing negative growth, and everyone is kind of gloomy about it. Then, they come back and say, "We still have it in us, we can still set records, we can still push all these different parts of the business to these completely record levels," including the Mac, which is crazy, because the Mac has been around for 40 years, and they're still continuing to grow it and push up higher. Lewis: And they've been working against so many headwinds for such a long time in that year. You look at the strong dollar having a pretty sizable impact on the money they make overseas, and also the selling price of devices overseas. You look at the elongating of the upgrade cycle, particularly with some of the wireless carriers moving away from a subsidy model, and getting people off of that two-year upgrade. So, there are just a lot of things pushing against what would normally cause people to be buying phones, or would be allowing them to recognize more in revenue and earnings here in the U.S. So, it's nice to see them bring it back up this quarter. Why don't we hop right into the iPhone segment? This is really where they're making most of their money. Niu: Yeah. They sold another record of 78.3 million. The last three consecutive quarters, they put up negative growth. So, they put an end to that trend. Of course, this creates another tough comparison for next year, raises the bar for a year from now. But, personally, I wasn't that impressed with the iPhone 7 as a product. Lewis: Do you own it? Niu: No. It's the first time in eight years that I haven't upgraded my phone. [laughs]  Lewis: I don't own the iPhone 7 either, so don't feel bad. [laughs] Niu: But, literally every year I've been upgrading, this is the first time I'm not, because I just didn't think it was that compelling. But, obviously the market really does. Part of it is that the 7 Plus is really the hot seller this quarter. Apple even acknowledged that they did a poor job predicting demand. They allocated less than they should have to the 7 Plus production. There's not really a killer feature in the iPhone this year. Arguably, the biggest thing is the dual camera system that is specifically for the 7 Plus. So, it seems like a lot of people are picking that bigger phone. I think it costs $120 extra now. You can see it in the numbers. They put up really strong results here. Lewis: Yeah. And I think you really see that when you look at average selling price. That grew to $695 in the most recent quarter, up from $619 in the previous quarter. And a lot of that is the 7 Plus model, and consumers clearly voting for the better camera, and being willing to pony up a little bit more dough for it. Niu: And/or extra storage, because those things shoot 4K video, and you need a lot of storage to store all that. Lewis: Yeah. absolutely. So, if you put those two numbers together, the units and average selling price, you get roughly $54.5 billion in revenue. So, right now, we're looking at the iPhone segment making up about 70% of revenue for Apple for this quarter. Higher than it's been in the past, but not necessarily surprising, because the iPhone segment was so massively popular and so successful this quarter.  Niu: Yeah. They were so supply constrained the entire quarter. They acknowledged that they didn't meet supply demand balance until January. So, they were pretty short on inventory throughout the entire quarter. To still be able to hit these numbers even with constraints and, arguably, not a super strong feature set -- I was kind of blown away, honestly. Lewis: I think we all were. One of the segments that is gaining more and more attention from analysts and the market in general is Apple's services segment. This is the iTunes Store, the App Store, Apple Pay, Apple Music, TV App Store, etc. Services, this time, came in at $7.2 billion, which is roughly 9% of revenue. But, perhaps more impressively, it was up 18% year over year. It seems like the company and the Street are both giving this a little bit more emphasis as time goes on. Niu: Yeah. And that was a quarterly record, one of those records they set this quarter. If you look at it now on a trailing 12-month basis, Services has now crossed $25 billion, in terms of the size of the business. So this is a huge business already. Here's the crazy thing -- they're very ambitiously saying they're hoping to double the services business within four years. That's saying, "We think we can make a $50 billion business by 2020." Which is pretty ambitious. As far as how they'll get there, they highlighted a couple things. First of all, now, there are 150 million paid subscriptions that are being automatically billed, recurring subscriptions. That includes Apple's services as well as third-party services. But that's the total number that is being billed through iTunes and the App Store right now. That's a pretty big number. They do expect that to keep growing. That's a pretty big base of regular subscriptions of various types of services that they sell. Transaction volumes are going up, the installed base is growing. There's really all these different aspects of it. They even mentioned, this is kind of surprising, this iCloud storage business is growing quite a bit. I would never have thought it would be a growth driver. But, basically, all these different aspects are really putting up good growth, and combined, they're really bullish about this going forward. It's a pretty ambitious goal there. Lewis: Yeah. Looking at the inputs of what makes up that services revenue, there's momentum on both sides. Not only is the installed base is getting larger -- so, the number of people that are actually somehow transacting with the services segment -- they indicated in the call that that's increasing in the strong double digits. Also, the ARPU (average revenue per user) for each paying customer is increasing in the double digits. So it's not that one side of that equation is really crushing it and the other one is stagnating. Both sides are performing well. And I think that's what you want to see.  Niu: Yeah. And they also had mentioned the music business, which had been declining for quite some time, for many years. Before Apple got into the streaming side, when it was all the download business for music, as people shift toward streaming, that business was shrinking. Now, we're back to this inflection point where music is growing again. If you include both download and streaming -- so both iTunes plus Apple Music -- if you combine them, the music business as a whole is now growing again. That's always nice to see, particularly as the shift toward streaming continues, more and more people are willing to pay. The industry itself really likes the shift to paid streaming versus ad-supported streaming. And Apple is a big proponent in that transition. That's also another good sign. They are really helping the music industry grow as a whole, as well as their cut of the whole music business growing again. Lewis: And you have to like that, considering that they are, what some people might argue, kind of a late entrant into streaming music. You already had Spotify with tens of millions of people using it, and you might have wondered what adoption might have looked like for Apple Music and the streaming service. But results seem to be pretty good so far. Another area that I think we should spend a little bit of time focusing on here is some of the international results, specifically China. I know that four out of Apple's five geographic operating segments set fresh highs -- all but Greater China. But, China is really seen as a huge market opportunity in addition to India, for Apple. Do you want to put a little color out as to what they said in the call? Niu: Yeah. Like you mentioned, more quarterly records in terms of all the other geographical segments, which, again, it's all these little things that are contributing to this overall overperformance. For example, Japan grew 20%. Japan is not a huge market for them, but just the fact that they can still put out meaningful growth numbers ... Europe was pretty much flat. But, Greater China, it has bounced back quite a bit sequentially. In the third quarter, sales were something like $8.7 [billion] to $9 billion. So, to really bounce back to $16 billion, it's shy of their all-time record, which was set a year or two ago, around $18 billion, but it is bouncing back on a sequential basis. I think there are still lingering concerns about the smartphone market in China, because it's getting really competitive with all these low-cost Chinese vendors really proliferating and flooding the market with these cheap choices. You can see in their numbers that they've had trouble in the past year as competition intensifies on the ground. But I still think that China is a very big, promising business. It's probably going to be a tough place to compete. But it's a great market. They're still growing, they still have to expand the retail footprint. There's still room to run. Lewis: Yeah. With lower-priced entrants coming into the market, Apple's brand cachet is only going to give it so much pricing power. But, you have to think there's still some room to run there. Speaking of their international segments, I think it might make sense to check in on their cash hoard a little bit. As of their recent report, Apple is sitting on $246 billion in cash. Because they do so much business outside of the U.S. and because of certain current tax regulations, $230 billion of that total, or roughly 94%, is held outside the U.S. Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty asked [CEO] Tim Cook on the call about what the company might be thinking with the current administration, and the possibility of repatriating some of that cash. I think that was a question a lot of people wanted an answer to. Niu: Yeah. That's one of the big things that the Trump administration is pushing, is this tax reform, including a potential repatriation holiday. If they could bring back a lot of that cash, there are certainly a couple things they could do with it. Cook didn't really give a lot of clear guidance on what he's thinking. But, you could buy some companies. He keep saying that Apple is open to really big acquisitions if they fit, if they make sense, all these things. But he's basically not concerned about pricing anymore. You could buy some companies, you could invest in the U.S., you could potentially bring production back. Obviously, that's another big thing that Trump is pushing. Another thing I would actually like to see is strengthen the balance sheet. The whole reason they have the $70 billion-plus in debt is because it's always been a way to avoid the repatriation taxes. So, if they can repatriate at appealing rates, it might also make sense to pay down some of that debt, because that way, you can avoid some of the interest expense, and it strengthens your balance sheet a little. Not that the balance sheet is weak, by any stretch of the imagination. It all nets out in the end. But, logistically, it would be nice to bring that money back, pay down some debt. Because, if this is a one-time deal that they can bring back a ton of money, I would expect them to keep generating ridiculous amounts of cash overseas, and then they would want to raise more debt, again, to be able to tap that, in the same way they have been doing, but if they could pay down that debt, that basically gives them even more time to keep pursuing the same strategy. And if they're taking advantage of a one-time tax holiday, I think that would make sense, from a corporate finance standpoint. Lewis: Yeah. Even with $70 billion in debt, where they had to repatriate a lot of that cash that's held overseas, they still have quite a bit to work with. I think on the call, Huberty specifically asked about what merger and acquisition activity to expect, or if they might continue to invest in original content and programming that would make the Apple ecosystem seem a little bit more appealing. I think because she led with that question and had some specific examples of where cash might go, Cook's response followed along with that. But, I was hoping we might get some color about an increase in the dividend, or an update on what the company was thinking with share repurchase where they'd have that extra capital on hand. But, nothing there at the moment. Cook was notoriously cagey, as always, in his response.  Niu: Yeah. He didn't really give a lot away there. They usually update their capital return program every April. So, next quarter, we will get some insight. They did buy back $11 billion in shares this quarter. Which partially helps juice the earnings-per-share number, which is another record, because they are able to retire so many shares. They retired something like 62 million shares last quarter. That's really highly accretive to that earnings-per-share figure, even though net income was actually down slightly relative to a year ago, in part because of foreign exchange headwinds and things of that nature. So, right now, they are up to about $144 billion in cumulative repurchases, and the current authorization is $175 billion. So they still have plenty of room. They only have one more quarter before they update it again. But I would expect them to give another update and increase it again in a couple months, because this business creates so much cash that they literally have no idea what to do with it. [laughs] I mean, think about how much money they have given back, and the fact that they still have more money now than they've ever had before. So, it's like, they're trying to give this cash back at this ridiculous rate, but they generate so much of it that it still adds on a net basis to their total cash position, even after giving back so much over the years. It's mind-boggling. Lewis: And that's with them continuing to invest in the future, as well. You hear about some of the different projects that they may or may not be funding, and some of the initiatives they might be pushing. It's not like they're sitting on their heels here. They're certainly throwing money into seeing where tech might be going. It's just that, with this type of money available to them, you can only do so much of it with reinvesting in the business and with R&D. I mean, that's the beauty of having a cash cow business like that. Niu: It's just insane how much they make. Lewis: One of the things that I was happiest about, and I think maybe this is one of the things that also pushed the stock up as much as it did after the report, was, looking forward, management guided that revenue should come in somewhere between $51.5 billion and $53.5 billion for the next quarter. And this would be a 1.7% to 5.7% increase over where they were a year ago. I think the reason you have to be really psyched about this as an investor is, they're showing growth year over year in a quarter that isn't fiscal Q1, where they are typically doing blockbuster sales because of the holidays. So, it seems like we are not only back to growth this quarter, but going to at least continue moderate growth for the next couple quarters, if all things hold. Niu: Yeah. And another thing that's pretty impressive about the guidance for this coming quarter, the current quarter, is they're also leaving some room for some gross margin upside, in terms of the guidance. The last quarter, there was 38.5 [percent], and their current guidance is 38-39 [percent]. What's most impressive about that is, most of the time, when you're coming off the big fourth-quarter holiday season, you lose some operating leverage, so you're margins usually come down slightly because of the seasonality. For revenue to be coming down from seasonal factors to this 51.5-53.5 level and still being able to potentially put up a sequential increase in gross margin, that's pretty strong. I think the biggest factor that's contributing to volatility is all the currency stuff. But, if they could increase gross margin on a sequential basis after losing leverage, it's pretty good. That's impressive. Lewis: Yeah. Strong business, firing on all cylinders. Nice to see them back in a growth phase. Anything else that really came out to you in the report, Evan? Niu: No. It was just really broad-based. They just hit these numbers, small little records, but all across the business. As an investor myself, it's pretty encouraging. There is this perception that Apple is at the end of the road, they're running out of ideas, they're peaking. And they're just like, "Hey, no, we can still squeeze out these gains if we really push and hit on all these sides of the business." Lewis: And that's working with a top-of-the-line smartphone that really isn't all that different than the previous versions. I mean, this wasn't a crazy update to form factor, aside from, maybe, getting rid of the headphone jack and updating the camera. The phone still resembles what people expect of the iPhone. So, you think about what that might mean, were they to make some really serious updates in functionality, or do something radical with future versions of the phone. I think you have to like what that would do for the business. Niu: Yeah. I thought it was the least impressive update in years. But, here we go. [laughs]  Lewis: Clearly 70 billion people disagree with you. [laughs] Well, listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. If you have any questions, or just want to reach out and say "Hey," shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com, or you can tweet us @MFIndustryFocus. If you're looking for more of our stuff, subscribe on iTunes, or check out The Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Evan Niu, I'm Dylan Lewis, thanks for listening and Fool on! Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Feb 13, 2017 at 5:18PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $135.51 up $0.49 (0.36%) Read More A Foolish Take: As iPhone Sales Rebound, Apple's CEO Bets on More Smartphone Growth Why Apple Inc.'s Profit Dropped Last Quarter Apple Inc.'s Mac Is Back on Track Apple's China Business Is Bouncing Back Apple, Inc.'s First 2 Original TV Shows Are Almost Here Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current After Earnings, Apple Stock Keeps Climbing @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips Video Viral news Politics Entertainment Crime Tech Weather Terrorism HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS February 13, 2017 | 5:30 PM The $1,000 iPhone and other rumors about Apple’s next smartphone February 13, 2017 | 5:30 PM Home » U.S. » The $1,000 iPhone and other rumors about Apple’s next smartphone U.S. February 13, 2017 It may only be February, but it seems like people are already getting excited about the next iPhone, which is expected to debut this fall. Shares of Apple are trading above their all-time high Monday, fueled in part by mounting speculation about the new iPhone – which many expect will get a substantial makeover. Most people who follow these rumors expect three models of the iPhone: presumably an iPhone 7s, an iPhone 7s Plus and an iPhone 8. What isn’t so clear is whether those will be their actual names. After all, this is the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, so some people are expecting the “iPhone 8” to be called the “iPhone X.” Because X’s, as we all know, are cool. This high-end version of the iPhone is the one really generating the bulk of the excitement, as it’s expected to be the one with the most design changes. Some more intriguing rumors about the actual specs of the phone have surfaced in the past couple of weeks. Here’s a look at what experts expect to see. A sharper screen: Previous spins through the rumor mill have raised expectations that at least the most expensive version of the iPhone will have an OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode) screen, rather than the LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) technology it packs now. Translated from alphabet soup, the biggest difference for consumers will be in the picture quality. OLED screens are known for having vivid colors and deep blacks. Apple competitors – including Samsung, LG, Google and Motorola – have all released phones with this type of screen in the past. But Apple hasn’t, which means that there’s a good chunk of the smartphone market that may not know what they’re missing – which makes the rumor about this display on the new iPhone all the more exciting. Many analysts also think that the firm will use a curved screen, similar to what we’ve seen on the Samsung Galaxy Edge. (Samsung, after all, is a screen supplier for Apple.) A display that wraps around the edge of the phone gives you more screen to work with overall. That’s a benefit for people who watch a lot of video on their phones. Late last year, there were also reports that the phone would have a “virtual button” instead of a physical home button, making for an even smoother display. A very high price tag: Now this is a doozy. Noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities predicted the fanciest iPhone could bear a price tag of more than $1,000. It’s not quite as far-fetched as it may seem: a fully loaded iPhone 7 Plus, for example, already costs $969. Still, it’s a psychological price line that many people may balk at, particularly when Apple’s least expensive laptop is $999. Why so pricey? Look no further than the rumor right above this one – that coveted OLED screen. Producing an OLED screen isn’t easy, particularly when you’re working on the kind of scale that Apple does. The question is whether the screen quality improvement will be enough to persuade people to dole out their cash. Set it down, charge it up: This has been a persistent item on the iPhone owner wishlist, particularly as Apple competitors such as Samsung have added it to their phones. This rumor went from wishful thinking late last year to likely, however, when Kuo said that the next generation of iPhones will have wireless charging capabilities. Although, as 9 to 5 Mac reported, it’s not clear whether the wireless charger itself will be included with a new phone. Apple already uses wireless charging for the Apple Watch, so it’s not a huge leap of faith to think they could adapt their technology for the phone. The company last week also joined the Wireless Power Consortium, a standards body devoted to – well, you can probably guess, right? In a statement to Business Insider, the company said it’s looking “to participate and contribute ideas” to the future thinking around wireless charging. But it declined to comment on the report’s speculation about future products. (c) 2017, The Washington Post · Hayley Tsukayama ---- #breaking now North Korean Assassination: Second Woman Arrested In Malaysia KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia – A second woman was arrested in Malaysia on Thursday morning in connection with the apparent… 0 Comments 46152 Views Apple said to mull China supplier for next-gen iPhone screen Apple is in discussions with China’s BOE Technology Group Co. to supply next-generation displays for future iPhones, a key… 0 Comments 44020 Views Refugee Agency ‘World Relief’ Closes Offices In 5 States Due To Trump Order World Relief Announces the Layoff of 140+ Staff and Closure of Five Local Offices Due to the Trump Administration’s… 0 Comments 90913 Views Trump Administration Sued For Delaying Protections For Endangered Bumble Bee WASHINGTON – On the eve of a Senate hearing Wednesday to consider “modernization of the Endangered Species Act,” an… 0 Comments 63444 Views Video shows Ohio officers pepper-spraying a person in a restraint chair – again The moment Charles Wade realized he was about to be strapped into a restraint chair, he later recalled, he… 0 Comments 131981 Views Border Patrol Apprehends Previously Deported Convicted Sex Offender DEL RIO, Texas – U.S. Border Patrol agents assigned to the Eagle Pass Station arrested a convicted sex offender… 0 Comments 41447 Views Mattis issues ultimatum to NATO allies BRUSSELS — Defense Secretary Jim Mattis issued an ultimatum Wednesday to allies in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO),… 0 Comments 144340 Views Manhunt Continues For Suspect Who Evaded New York State Police NEW YORK — NYSP: On Monday, New York State Troopers approached a suspicious vehicle in the Town of Big… 0 Comments 13978 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 177,177 followers #trending DEVELOPING: ‘Strange Odor’ Moving Across the Houston, Texas Area comments 766370 Views She won the lottery at 17. Now she blames lotto officials for ‘ruining her life.’ comments 699516 Views San Antonio PD, DPS, feds surround North Star Mall in massive manhunt comments 692166 Views American Airlines flight hits deer during takeoff at Charlotte Airport comments 654144 Views Several Vehicles on Fire at ‘Mickey & Friends’ Parking Garage at Disneyland comments 581274 Views Jerry Sandusky’s Son Arrested for Child Sexual Assault comments 538271 Views Harrison Ford Has Near-Miss While Piloting Private Plane comments 480175 Views ‘Nuclear football’ photo taken at Trump resort puts Pentagon in awkward position comments 480168 Views National Weather Service Suffers ‘Catastrophic’ Outage, Stops Sending Forecasts, Warnings comments 476775 Views REPORT: Trump Campaign Had ‘Repeated Contact’ with Russian Gov’t Before Election comments 474398 Views Tyler Island Residents Being Told To Evacuate Due To ‘Imminent’ Levee Breach comments 441374 Views WATCH LIVE: Evacuations In San Francisco; Concrete Slab Expected To Fall From High-Rise comments 430632 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple closes at record high for first time since 2015 Reuters By Noel Randewich 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 27 things you probably didn't know about Netflix The most expensive trailer parks in the US Click to expand Replay Video QQ: The closest thing to Snapchat in China QQ instant messenger may look like an online dinosaur compared to its sister Chinese network WeChat. But its young demographic helps this 18-year-old platform fill the niche taken by Snapchat in the U.S. Photo: Tencent The Wall Street Journal. Trump: 'We are cutting regulations big league' President Trump met with retail executives, Feb. 15, at the White House. The Washington Post US solar installations almost doubled in 2016 A new report shows solar installations made up the largest group of electricity generating capacity of any energy source. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Apple Shares Close at All-Time High The Wall Street Journal. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next QQ: The closest thing to Snapchat in China The Wall Street Journal.1:01 Trump: 'We are cutting regulations big league' The Washington Post2:00 US solar installations almost doubled in 2016 CNBC0:31 A $4M Lamborghini recall CNBC1:50 Inside Ford's giant China factory CNN Money2:23 US companies in China change their tune on trade Reuters1:45 Aetna CEO: Obamacare exchanges are in a death spiral Fox Business0:39 Trump wall doesn't stop Siemens Mexico deal Reuters1:34 World's most popular YouTuber could be losing a lot of money Newsy1:23 Cash ban spotlights India's digital divide The Wall Street Journal.4:08 NASA taps private sector to fund Mars exploration CNBC0:34 Walmart acquires outdoors retailer Moosejaw for $51 million Wochit Business0:47 There are 18,000 high-risk dams in this nation, expert says CNBC5:48 Inside Tata Motors' 97% quarterly profit plunge Bloomberg1:59 Steps to take today to advance your career The Wall Street Journal.3:45 Nudity is back at Playboy Veuer0:50 UP NEXT Shares of Apple rose to a record high close Monday, buoyed by Wall Street's expectations that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent-up customer demand will shore up lackluster sales. The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at $133.29, breaking above its record high close of $133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015 and giving it a market value of about $699.3 billion. Click here to see the latest AAPL share price Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's (.SPX) market capitalization on Monday beyond $20 trillion for the first time. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15.1 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of $134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday's gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to $150. She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters South African banking stocks down 1 pct after watchdog charges Reuters Consultancy files complaints with Chinese government over McDonald's China sale Reuters China demands Vietnam's apology for attack alleged by tourist Reuters Deutsche Boerse CEO says insider trading allegations will prove unfounded Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Latest News Dow 20,612 +107.45 +0.52% Nasdaq 5,819 +36.87 +0.64% S&P 500 2,349 +11.67 +0.50% 4:03 A.M. ET Airbus faces court battle with Austrian ministry 3:57 A.M. ET Updated This may be the one currency call Trump’s administration got right 3:54 A.M. ET Nestlé sales miss target; plans cost cuts 3:37 A.M. ET Death of Kim Jong Nam: Second woman arrested over airport attack 3:25 A.M. ET Opinion Multinationals learn the limits of being big 3:24 A.M. ET Cobham sinks 22% after writedown, guidance cut 3:22 A.M. ET Updated The Nasdaq is partying like it’s 1999, by this metric 3:21 A.M. ET Updated How one key Trump trade has regained its fizz — in one chart 3:11 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler climbs 1.4% after car sales jump 15% in Europe 3:10 A.M. ET Nestle slips 1.4% at the open after sales slow 3:08 A.M. ET Updated What’s behind Russia’s jauntier mood? Way more than Trump, says this bank CEO 3:07 A.M. ET Updated The reflation trade is back on 3:06 A.M. ET Updated The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 3:05 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens flat at 4,925.30 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Yellen may have offered the clearest explanation for the stock market’s record run 3:05 A.M. ET Updated ‘Mellow’ Charlie Munger says Trump ‘not wrong on everything’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens flat around 11,794.25 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Small businesses to strike Thursday to protest Trump’s immigration policies 3:03 A.M. ET Updated How U.S. crude-oil inventories rose to their highest level ever 3:03 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% lower at 7,282.15 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Time Warner shareholders approve $85.4 billion AT&T merger Home Investing Stocks NewsWatch Get email alerts Trump’s stock-market rally is annihilating bears By MarketWatch Published: Feb 13, 2017 5:00 p.m. ET Share By MarketWatch MARKETWATCH FRONT PAGE It may be time for stock-market bears to give up the ghost. See full story. Tim Cook sparks predictions of augmented reality in Apple’s iPhone 8 Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook believes augmented reality will be as big for technology as smartphones, prompting analysts to speculate about whether Apple is planning to launch the first AR-compatible iPhone in September. See full story. The top-performing stocks from each region around the world It’s not Amazon. Nor is it Netflix. Or even Tesla. Of course, all three of those stocks have certainly enriched shareholders in a big way over the past five years. But there’s one, in particular, that has outperformed the rest. See full story. Here’s why Trump is playing nice with Canada’s Trudeau on trade President Donald Trump has taken a hard line with Mexico over a key 1993 free-trade agreement, but he evidently has a soft spot for Canada. Here’s why. See full story. Donald Trump can’t even get the ‘Pocahontas’ joke right The president, famous for his insults, sounds more like a 10-year-old boy, says Brett Arends. See full story. MARKETWATCH PERSONAL FINANCE Online daters are too busy or too cheap to eat out when they first meet. See full story. More from MarketWatch Asian markets slide as investors wary of weaker dollar Stock market notches best record run in quarter century Intelligence officials withhold sensitive information from Trump: report Most Popular The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 The reflation trade is back on Intelligence officials withhold sensitive information from Trump: report The tipping point for renewable energy is nearly here NetApp finally catches up, but may already be behind Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.31% 30 yr fixed 4.05% 15 yr fixed 3.2% 10 yr fixed 3.04% 30 yr fixed refi 4.08% 15 yr fixed refi 3.22% 5/1 ARM 3.19% 5/1 ARM refi 3.34% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.59% $50K HELOC 4.56% $75K HELOC 4.56% $100K HELOC 4.26% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.71% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.28% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.25% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.14% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.24% 2 yr CD 0.75% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.39% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.2% 48 Mo Used Car 3.18% 36 Mo Used Car 3.42% 72 Mo New Car 3.48% 60 Mo New Car 3.26% 48 Mo New Car 3.17% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.8% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.36% 12.24% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.41% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.76% 14.69% 14.38% Airline 15.40% 15.40% 15.08% Reward 15.57% 15.51% 15.29% Cash Back 15.61% 15.61% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.09% 18.09% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.01% 23.01% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Warehouses are the new mansions View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Sponsored Content Realtor.com: The 5 biggest mistakes veteran and military home buyers make View More Financial News Executive stress on the rise for finance workers View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Fiji Time: 9:15 PM on Thursday 16 February Home Politics Local Sport World Letters Editorial Nai Lalakai Business Features Classifieds Weather Gallery Archives / Front page / Business Collective bargain Reuters Tuesday, February 14, 2017 AUSTRALIAN banks seeking permission from the country's competition regulator to bargain collectively with Apple Inc over its mobile payment system said on Monday they would focus on gaining access to the US tech company's contactless payment function, removing the fees Apple charges as a bone of contention. Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Westpac Banking Corp, National Australia Bank Ltd and Bendigo & Adelaide Bank Ltd command two-thirds of Australia's credit card market but have yet to allow use of their cards with Apple Pay which was introduced to the country last year. Under Australian law, bargaining cartels can be formed with the approval of authorities. A cartel would strengthen the banks in negotiating the ability to offer their own digital wallets for Apple's iPhones — the first major challenge to Apple Pay of its kind globally. Apple Pay allows users to register credit cards on iPhones, and pay for goods and services by swiping the devices over contactless payment terminals. Apple charges card providers for transactions made using Apple Pay and does not allow companies to develop their own mobile wallets, which would allow banks to circumvent transaction fees and get customers to engage more frequently with their own apps. In the banks' initial application lodged in July, they sought to negotiate with Apple over fees as well as access to the contactless payments function. In a draft decision issued in November, which it described as "finely balanced", the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) proposed to deny the collective bargaining application. At the time, ACCC chairman Rod Sims told Reuters that if fees were at the heart of the banks' application, then it would be difficult for them to win approval. But if the issue was more about access to Apple's contactless payment technology, then the banks had a stronger case, he said. In a statement ahead of a final decision from the regulator, the banks on Monday said they had narrowed the application to focus on contactless payments and halved the collective bargaining authorisation term to 18 months. "It is about the consumer having the choice of multiple wallets," said Lance Blockley, a spokesman for the banks. Back to top Fiji Times & Kaila Frontpage PDF Downloads Use the free Acrobat Reader to view. Code Inward TTs Outward TTs CAD 0.6416 0.6226 JPY 56.5535 53.5535 GBP 0.3923 0.3843 EUR 0.4622 0.4502 NZD 0.6858 0.6528 AUD 0.6390 0.6140 USD 0.4926 0.4756 from FJD to VUVFJD to TOPFJD to SBDFJD to WSTFJD to PGKFJD to XPFFJD to CHFFJD to SEKFJD to LKRFJD to ZARFJD to PHPFJD to PKRFJD to NOKFJD to INRFJD to DKKFJD to CADFJD to HKDFJD to SGDFJD to JPYFJD to GBPFJD to EURFJD to CNYFJD to NZDFJD to AUDFJD to USD VUV to FJDTOP to FJDSBD to FJDWST to FJDPGK to FJDXPF to FJDCHF to FJDSEK to FJDLKR to FJDZAR to FJDPHP to FJDPKR to FJDNOK to FJDINR to FJDDKK to FJDCAD to FJDHKD to FJDSGD to FJDJPY to FJDGBP to FJDEUR to FJDCNY to FJDNZD to FJDAUD to FJDUSD to FJD $0.00 Exchange Rate updated on 16th February, 2017 Today's Most Read Stories Life in prison Acid leak at lami Sandalwood farming to earn 'millions of dollars' Electricity for Taveuni Approval given for partial use of school grant Heavy rain warning Flood alert for Rakiraki town Unity talks on $693k used on province New challenge Top Stories this Week Assault claims probe Friday (10 Feb) "I just love him" Tuesday (14 Feb) Fijian rose of England Sunday (12 Feb) Mum, son rushed to hospital with burns Sunday (12 Feb) Life in prison Thursday (16 Feb) Four new finds Tuesday (14 Feb) Ala and Sunia Sunday (12 Feb) Mum dies from burns Tuesday (14 Feb) A canecutter to a restaurateur Tuesday (14 Feb) Close call Friday (10 Feb) Contact Fiji Times Advertise with Us Google+ Copyright © 2014, Fiji Times Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Site Feedback
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 47° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Lots of sunshine. High 47F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A clear sky. Low 31F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 15, 2017 @ 2:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press FILE - In this Sept. 7, 2016, file photo, Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the pricing on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, in San Francisco. Eliminating the headphone jack doesn't seem to have hurt sales of the iPhone 7, which appears poised to reverse Apple's recent sales slide. Though not by much, which leaves a question that's shadowed the company for nearly a year: What's its next act? (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) AP The $1,000 iPhone and other rumors about Apple's next smartphone Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post Feb 13, 2017 (…) The Associated Press FILE - In this Sept. 7, 2016, file photo, Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the pricing on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, in San Francisco. Eliminating the headphone jack doesn't seem to have hurt sales of the iPhone 7, which appears poised to reverse Apple's recent sales slide. Though not by much, which leaves a question that's shadowed the company for nearly a year: What's its next act? (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) It may only be February, but it seems like people are already getting excited about the next iPhone, which is expected to debut this fall. Shares of Apple are trading above their all-time high Monday, fueled in part by mounting speculation about the new iPhone - which many expect will get a substantial makeover. Most people who follow these rumors expect three models of the iPhone: presumably an iPhone 7s, an iPhone 7s Plus and an iPhone 8. What isn't so clear is whether those will be their actual names. After all, this is the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, so some people are expecting the "iPhone 8" to be called the "iPhone X." Because X's, as we all know, are cool. This high-end version of the iPhone is the one really generating the bulk of the excitement, as it's expected to be the one with the most design changes. Some more intriguing rumors about the actual specs of the phone have surfaced in the past couple of weeks. Here's a look at what experts expect to see. A sharper screen: Previous spins through the rumor mill have raised expectations that at least the most expensive version of the iPhone will have an OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode) screen, rather than the LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) technology it packs now. Translated from alphabet soup, the biggest difference for consumers will be in the picture quality. OLED screens are known for having vivid colors and deep blacks. Apple competitors - including Samsung, LG, Google and Motorola - have all released phones with this type of screen in the past. But Apple hasn't, which means that there's a good chunk of the smartphone market that may not know what they're missing - which makes the rumor about this display on the new iPhone all the more exciting. Many analysts also think that the firm will use a curved screen, similar to what we've seen on the Samsung Galaxy Edge. (Samsung, after all, is a screen supplier for Apple.) A display that wraps around the edge of the phone gives you more screen to work with overall. That's a benefit for people who watch a lot of video on their phones. Late last year, there were also reports that the phone would have a "virtual button" instead of a physical home button, making for an even smoother display. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher See how St. Louis stocks are faring Who's hired? Check our People in Business How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives A very high price tag: Now this is a doozy. Noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities predicted the fanciest iPhone could bear a price tag of more than $1,000. It's not quite as far-fetched as it may seem: a fully loaded iPhone 7 Plus, for example, already costs $969. Still, it's a psychological price line that many people may balk at, particularly when Apple's least expensive laptop is $999. Why so pricey? Look no further than the rumor right above this one - that coveted OLED screen. Producing an OLED screen isn't easy, particularly when you're working on the kind of scale that Apple does. The question is whether the screen quality improvement will be enough to persuade people to dole out their cash. Set it down, charge it up: This has been a persistent item on the iPhone owner wishlist, particularly as Apple competitors such as Samsung have added it to their phones. This rumor went from wishful thinking late last year to likely, however, when Kuo said that the next generation of iPhones will have wireless charging capabilities. Although, as 9 to 5 Mac reported, it's not clear whether the wireless charger itself will be included with a new phone. Apple already uses wireless charging for the Apple Watch, so it's not a huge leap of faith to think they could adapt their technology for the phone. The company last week also joined the Wireless Power Consortium, a standards body devoted to - well, you can probably guess, right? In a statement to Business Insider, the company said it's looking "to participate and contribute ideas" to the future thinking around wireless charging. But it declined to comment on the report's speculation about future products. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Mobile Phone Manufacturing Mobile Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Business Consumer Electronics Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services View (…) comments Most popular Foreigners are pulling back from U.S. debt like never before India navy spurns homemade warplane, latest blow to Asia push for self-reliance Nicklaus: St. Louis faces big bill for convention center shortcomings Special report: The man behind the fiscal fiasco in Illinois U.S. may take 'fresh look' at Lockheed's plan to move F-16 production to India, company says Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Boycott culture forces CEOs to walk tightrope in Trump era Bob's Discount Furniture opening two St. Louis area stores Thursday Bond yields, stocks climb on strong data Verizon closing in on deal to buy Yahoo's internet business at lower price Municipal Courts rehab joins crowded field of downtown hotel proposals Quick links Columnists David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Celebrate your company's culture! Find the dream job you are looking for. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Why fake news is a huge threat to democracy and both Apple and the rest of us need to respond Trending in Apple W1 Bluetooth wireless headphones compared: Apple AirPods, Beats Solo3, Powerbeats3 & BeatsX Trending in Apple Top BeatsX features: A hands-on look at the highly anticipated W1-powered earphones [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: Unless Apple pulls a rabbit from the hat, inductive wireless charging is too little too late Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: Higher power output turned my Mac into a charging hub for my holiday Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name February 13 AAPL: 133.29 1.17 LG UltraFine 5K Display inventory removed from Apple Stores after shipment delays caused by interference problems Zac Hall - Feb. 13th 2017 7:07 am PT @apollozac MacBook Pro LG UltraFine Display Apple Store lg View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Last month 9to5Mac published the first report highlighting LG UltraFine 5K Display performance problems when using the Apple-recommended monitor with Macs near Wi-Fi routers. Now we’ve learned that Apple Stores have stopped carrying the LG UltraFine 5K Display in retail locations for now. Apple’s online store pushed back delivery dates on new UltraFine 5K purchases last week from 2-3 days to 5-6 weeks at the end of last week as well. LG’s Mac display originally went on sale on the end of last year and has had a special USB-C sale price of $974 (regular $1299) that ends on March 31. Apple said at its MacBook Pro event back in October that the company worked with LG to create the UltraFine 5K Display which integrates well with macOS. UltraFine 5K is Apple’s current solution for Apple Thunderbolt Display customers looking for external Retina resolution monitors for Macs after Apple discontinued its own external display. It features the same resolution as 27-inch iMacs but uses Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C like Apple’s new MacBook Pros. 9to5Mac discovered the performance problems with LG’s UltraFine 5K monitor when using the display near Wi-Fi routers. LG later confirmed that poor shielding caused interference that future builds of the display would resolve. Existing LG UltraFine 5K Displays will require retrofitting with additional shielding to resolve the issues. Apple’s online store still list ship times as 5-6 weeks out with no options for pickup in Apple Stores. Apple’s retail channels are currently the only outlets for purchasing LG UltraFine 5K Display with LG’s website listing the product but not offering buy options. An Apple Store customer support representative confirmed that Apple pulled the existing 5K monitor stock from Apple Stores at LG’s request while new hardware is being manufactured. LG UltraFine 4K Display which is slightly smaller at 21.5-inches versus 27-inches is unaffected by the ship time delays and performance issues. Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide LG UltraFine Display (4K & 5K) The LG UltraFine Display is a product forged from a partnership between LG and Apple. It comes in both 4K and a 5K varieties, and features USB-C connectors for connecting to eligible Macs and for connecting peripherals. View THe Guide Apple Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Apple Shares Hit an All-Time Closing High ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Apple Shares Hit an All-Time Closing High By Tripp Mickle and Aaron Kuriloff Published February 13, 2017 Technology Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Comments Print The Apple logo is seen on the facade of the new Apple Store in Paris, France, January 5, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau (Copyright Reuters 2017) Apple Inc.'s shares reached their highest closing level ever Monday, as investors bet that the 10th-anniversary iPhone expected later this year will return the world's most valuable company to renewed momentum after its worst stumble in years.  Continue Reading Below The stock closed at $133.29, topping the prior record close of $133 set in February 2015. The all-time intraday trading high for Apple shares is $134.54, also reached in 2015.  That puts Apple's market value at about $700 billion, which is more than $120 billion ahead of the No. 2 company, Google parent Alphabet Inc. -- which not long ago was challenging Apple for the top spot -- and beyond the values of Exxon Mobil Corp. and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. combined.  Major investors, including Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc., poured into Apple stock when the share price dipped last year, a period when Apple reported three straight quarters of profit and revenue declines. Since then, a combination of a new iPhone, improved sales in China and surging sales of apps and streaming music subscriptions have buoyed the stock, investors and analysts said.  Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook helped bolster investor confidence last month with the announcement of an ambitious goal to double the company's $24.35 billion services business by 2021. He also expressed optimism that tax reform later this year would enable Apple to bring home cash held overseas, which could be used for mergers and acquisitions.  Still, the biggest driver of investors' renewed enthusiasm is the iPhone, which is both Apple's blessing and its curse. One of the most successful consumer products in history, the device is on track to top $980 billion in sales in the decade since it hit the market.  Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The iPhone is now so huge that it propels Apple, accounting for two-thirds of sales and three-fourths of operating profit -- and leading to gyrations in the company's stock price alongside investors' changing views of each new model's prospects for success.  "Apple is really an iPhone business," said Sean Stannard-Stockton, chief investment officer at Ensemble Capital Management, a Burlingame, Calif., wealth-management firm with $500 million in assets; it counts Apple among its largest holdings. He added, "The next [iPhone] cycle should be strong."  The speculative frenzy that always precedes a new iPhone has been supercharged in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary release expected later this year. Analysts in research reports have predicted the phone will be one of Apple's most revolutionary, with some suggesting it will come in three sizes instead of the usual two, with a case made almost entirely of glass and possibly wireless-charging capability.  At least one of the anniversary phones is expected to have an OLED screen, technology that would make the device thinner and lighter. The display, on top of its being an anniversary edition, has led to speculation that Apple could charge record prices for it, said Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS.  Apple is extraordinarily secretive about its plans, making it difficult for analysts and investors to know what to expect -- and adding risk for anyone betting that the new phone will be a hit. Even the prospective name is debated: some analysts saying Apple will call it the iPhone 8; others suggest it will be the iPhone X. Apple declined to comment.  Apple has struggled with intensifying smartphone competition over the past couple of years. In China, the world's largest smartphone market, rivals have cut into Apple's market share with cheaper phones offering comparable technology. Samsung Electronics Co. and Google have added pressure with new, higher-priced devices.  The iPhone 7, launched in September, hasn't led to the kind of sales jumps Apple recorded with previous new models, but it has helped rekindle enthusiasm. It was the best-selling smartphone in China, according to Kantar Worldpanel, helping stabilize Apple's revenue there after three quarters of declines. That gave investors "increased comfort that China is not falling off a cliff," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein Holding LP.  Since the first iPhone was unveiled, Apple shares have gained a median of 4.3% between the announcement of a new model and when it started selling, according to Bespoke Investment Group. The iPhone 7 extended that streak, surging 11% in the first full week after its unveiling. Apple reported in January that the new device helped deliver record shipments for the three months ended in December and helped boost total revenue in the quarter by 3% to a record $78.4 billion.  Apple has more going for it than smartphones. Its highly profitable services business, which includes sales of apps and streaming music, increased revenue 18% to $7.2 billion during the December quarter, making it bigger than many large companies. Apple also is holding $230.2 billion in cash overseas that it plans to bring back to the U.S. if there's tax reform -- a prospect that has raised hopes of stock buybacks, dividends and even an acquisition, Mr. Stannard-Stockton said.  But what Apple hasn't done is replicate its iPhone success with other products -- and that raises questions about its future. The company hasn't introduced a game-changing product since the iPad in 2011. The Apple Watch, introduced in 2015, hasn't been a breakout success, and its wireless Airpod earbuds are in their infancy.  "The iPhone as a form factor will sometime disappear," said Mr. Stannard-Stockton. "Can they produce entirely new form factors and devices?"  Still, Apple shares actually are relatively inexpensive, even after the recent run-up. They are trading at roughly 16 times the past 12 months of earnings, compared with prices averaging about 23 times earnings for other tech stocks in the S&P 500 -- and below Apple's 10-year average of 21 times earnings, according to FactSet.  "It's gone from a growth stock that was largely overvalued to a value stock," said Jack Brown of Aviance Capital Partners LLC, a Naples, Fla., investment firm that counts Apple among its largest holdings in both its growth-strategy and value-strategy portfolios.  And in some ways, the iPhone's lackluster performance over the past year or so has laid the foundation for more growth. There are now more than 600 million iPhones world-wide, and many of the phones in circulation are iPhone 6 models, suggesting Apple could benefit from a swell of upgrades in coming years. An estimated 85% to 90% of those iPhone users will buy another iPhone when they upgrade, according to UBS.  "What happened with the last quarter is people discovered there's a replacement need for these phones," said Michael Harkins, a partner at Levy, Harkins & Co., a New York investment advisory that counts Apple among its holdings. "They wear out and that's not changing any time soon."  What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Business Home LBoard Gobind: Clear direction, agreement needed to challenge BN FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple closes at record high for first time since 2015 Reuters | February 14, 2017 Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalization on Monday beyond US$20 trillion for the first time. SAN FRANCISCO: Shares of Apple rose to a record high close on Monday, buoyed by Wall Street’s expectations that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent-up customer demand will shore up lackluster sales. The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple’s stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at US$133.29, breaking above its record high close of US$133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015 and giving it a market value of about US$699.3 billion. Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500’s market capitalization on Monday beyond US$20 trillion for the first time. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15.1 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of US$134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday’s gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to US$150. She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Courts likely to probe Trump’s intent in issuing travel ban Russian Jews horrified by MP’s ‘shameful’ slur ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Kim Jong Nam killing: Second suspect an Indonesian Trader hurls obscenities, threats of rape at woman Jong Nam enjoyed life, knew he was on borrowed time 3 lelaki gadai nyawa selamatkan anjing ‘pening’ di lebuh It is Kim Jong Nam, says Zahid Expel North Korea envoy, ex-diplomat tells govt Killing of North Korean: Suspect thought she was playing a… My son said he was beaten in prison, says Chandran’s… Many housemen get culture shock DAP: Liow has no basis to ban Dego Ride ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Bentong as a major rail hub? Special rights for sex offenders The quitting of DAP’s reps and what it really means Adakah anda mempunyai ciri ini bila berdepan bahan lucah? The age of political unknowns Time to review Housing Development Act More... FMT Bahasa Chong Wei tidak akan lupakan kelakuan Morten Frost Hamzah: Borang tak lengkap punca bekalan minyak masak kurang Anak saya kata dia dipukul dalam penjara, kata ibu Chandran Umno: Harapan Ku Nan jadikan P Pinang syurga bebas cukai Kim Chol ialah Kim Jong-nam, kata Zahid Pendidik sekolah Cina bersidang bincang peningkatan pelajar bukan Cina More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Classroom Wearables Technology Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer PUNE, MAHARASTRA, INDIA, February 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Classroom Wearables Technology – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022” This report studies Classroom Wearables Technology in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Apple Google Microsoft Samsung ASUSTek Computer Fitbit Garmin Jawbone Motorola Nike Pebble Sony Click here for a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/952676-global-classroom-wearables-technology-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Classroom Wearables Technology in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Korea Taiwan Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Wrist-worn Equipment Head Gear Other Accessories Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Classroom Wearables Technology in each application, can be divided into Training Teaching Other …… At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/952676-global-classroom-wearables-technology-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Classroom Wearables Technology Market Research Report 2017 1 Classroom Wearables Technology Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Classroom Wearables Technology 1.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Classroom Wearables Technology by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Wrist-worn Equipment 1.2.3 Head Gear 1.2.4 Other Accessories 1.3 Classroom Wearables Technology Segment by Application 1.3.1 Classroom Wearables Technology Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Training 1.3.3 Teaching 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Classroom Wearables Technology Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Classroom Wearables Technology (2012-2022) …… 7 Global Classroom Wearables Technology Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Apple 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Apple Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Google 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Google Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Microsoft 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Microsoft Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Samsung 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Samsung Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 ASUSTek Computer 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 ASUSTek Computer Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Fitbit 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Fitbit Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Garmin 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Garmin Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Jawbone 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Jawbone Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Motorola 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Motorola Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Nike 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Nike Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Pebble 7.12 Sony …..CONTINUED Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=952676 Contact info Contact Us: sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) ; Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Computing, Industry, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smart Machines Industry Trends, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis:Vendors-Google,Apple,IBM and Microsofta Next PostNext Kaiser Foundation Health Plan and Hospitals Report Annual Financial Results for 2016 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Apple hits record high but leaves some investors in dust Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Feb 14, 2017 | 3:46am IST Apple hits record high but leaves some investors in dust By Noel Randewich | SAN FRANCISCO SAN FRANCISCO Apple (AAPL.O) shares cruised to a record-high close Monday, helping catapult the S&P 500 stock index over the $20 trillion mark in what amounts to a victory for plain-vanilla mutual funds over a bevy of hedge fund managers who recently backed away from the iPhone maker. The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at $133.29, above its record high close of $133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015 and giving it a market value of about $699 billion. Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's .SPX market capitalization on Monday beyond $20 trillion for the first time. While mutual funds have largely bet on Apple in recent months, some big names missed out on all or part of its recent acceleration. Hedge fund manager Dan Loeb's Third Point LLC cut its stake in Apple by 26 percent to 1.9 million shares in the fourth quarter, according to regulatory filings, while George Soros and Carl Icahn also shed their Apple shares last year. In contrast, the number of mutual funds reporting they became Apple shareholders in recent quarterly filings has jumped by 187 percent to 287, while the number of mutual funds liquidating their Apple holdings dropped by 26 percent to 151, according to Morningstar. Among the big names who backed the stock, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRKa.N) last August said it had increased its stake in Apple by 55 percent to 15 million shares, now worth $2 billion. David Einhorn's hedge fund Greenlight Capital in January said it still likes Apple. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of $134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday's gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to $150. She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. Many investors are betting that Apple will mark the iPhone's 10th anniversary with a dramatically improved model. They also believe that strong sales of the iPhone 6S two years ago have left a larger-than-normal base of customers ready to upgrade. The Cupertino, California company reported strong December-quarter results on Jan. 31, and although it gave a cautious outlook for the current quarter, Wall Street expects revenue to grow this year after sinking nearly 8 percent in fiscal 2016. In 1998, when the S&P 500 closed above $10 trillion for the first time, Apple accounted for just under 0.06 percent of the index. It now accounts for about 3.5 percent of the S&P 500, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The 721 days that have passed since Apple's previous record-high close represent the largest gap between such milestones since the iPhone's launch in 2007. (Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by James Dalgleish) The Apple Inc. store is seen on the day of the new iPhone 7 smartphone launch in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 16, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Next In Business News U.S. lawmakers grill Yellen on interest rates, regulatory policy WASHINGTON Republican lawmakers on Wednesday criticized Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's stewardship of the U.S. economy and urged her to halt work on financial regulation until President Donald Trump names new policymakers to the central bank. Fed aims to hike rates, based on more growth and fiscal stimulus: Dudley NEW YORK The Federal Reserve aims to raise U.S. interest rates in the months ahead as long as the economy continues to grow a bit above its trend and if, as expected, fiscal policies provide a boost, an influential Fed policymaker said on Wednesday. Newspapers aim to ride 'Trump Bump' to reach readers, advertisers NEW YORK The Trump administration's combative view of traditional news media as the "opposition party" and "fake news" is turning out to be the best hope in 2017 for newspapers struggling to attract more digital readers and advertisers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Tata Motors, Microsoft ink technology collaboration deal Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
26° Altoona Overcast Sections News Your Local Election Headquarters Local News Opioid Epidemic National News Healthcast Entertainment News CBS News Live Business News Weird News Lottery Pet Patrol Newscast Copies Submit a News Tip Hidden History Weather Local Weather SkyNet Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Traffic Cams Map Center Almanac Pollen Forecast Rivers Ski Report Sports Local Sports Big Game Sportsbeat High School Scoreboard Concussion Awareness Nittany Nation Steeler Nation Big Ol' Fish NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Big Race Daytona Auto Racing Community Catholic Schools Week Groundhog Day Local Events PA RV Expo Digital Seminar Penn State Health Web Chats Gas Tracker Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Contests Hometown Heroes Go with Joe Shredding Obituaries YMCA Backpack Program Children's Miracle Network Don't Text & Drive Central PA Live On Today's Show Chef Showcase Perry Wellington Real Estate 4.5 Pet Patrol Life & Health Handyman Dwight Central PA Live Dubs Marketplace WTAJ Frugal Fridays Par Fore Pennies Central PA Pros Your Wellness Network Restaurant Loyalty Coupon Bug About US Meet the Team Contact Us TV Schedule Sign up for Alerts Apps Jobs at WTAJ Watch CBS News Weather Sections News Your Local Election Headquarters Local News Opioid Epidemic National News Healthcast Entertainment News CBS News Live Business News Weird News Lottery Pet Patrol Newscast Copies Submit a News Tip Hidden History Weather Local Weather SkyNet Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Traffic Cams Map Center Almanac Pollen Forecast Rivers Ski Report Sports Local Sports Big Game Sportsbeat High School Scoreboard Concussion Awareness Nittany Nation Steeler Nation Big Ol' Fish NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Big Race Daytona Auto Racing Community Catholic Schools Week Groundhog Day Local Events PA RV Expo Digital Seminar Penn State Health Web Chats Gas Tracker Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Contests Hometown Heroes Go with Joe Shredding Obituaries YMCA Backpack Program Children's Miracle Network Don't Text & Drive Central PA Live On Today's Show Chef Showcase Perry Wellington Real Estate 4.5 Pet Patrol Life & Health Handyman Dwight Central PA Live Dubs Marketplace WTAJ Frugal Fridays Par Fore Pennies Central PA Pros Your Wellness Network Restaurant Loyalty Coupon Bug About US Meet the Team Contact Us TV Schedule Sign up for Alerts Apps Jobs at WTAJ Watch CBS News Weather Sports Central PA Live Contests Central PA Pros Pope Francis: A Journey of Family Faith and the Future Halloween 2015 Central PA Live Dubs Login Search Apple stock nears record high Surge comes amid renewed optimism for iPhone By: SETH FIEGERMAN Posted: Feb 13, 2017 04:20 PM EST Updated: Feb 13, 2017 04:28 PM EST NEW YORK (CNNMoney) - Apple has found its groove again. The iPhone maker's stock hit $133.82 in early trading Monday, putting Apple less than $1 away from its intraday trading high of $134.54, reached in April 2015. Apple's stock ended the day at $133.29, beating its previous record closing price of $133, set in February 2015. The stock surge, pushing Apple to a $700 billion market cap, comes amid renewed optimism for the iPhone. Goldman Sachs raised its price target for the stock on Monday, citing the likelihood of "major new features" like "3D sensing" being added to the next iPhone model, according to an investor note provided to CNNMoney. Apple's previous high was set six months after it released the redesigned iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, kicking off what CEO Tim Cook described as the "mother of all upgrades." Since then, however, Apple has bucked its tradition of overhauling the iPhone every other year. The newest models on the market today look nearly identical to the iPhones available in late 2014. The long wait, combined with this year marking the iPhone's tenth anniversary, has only raised expectations that Apple is about to significantly overhaul its smartphone and reignite demand. Apple's annual sales fell in the 2016 fiscal year for the first time since 2001 as iPhone sales, still the majority of its business, declined in three consecutive quarters. Apple even cut its CEO's pay by 15% due to the company's failure to meet its performance goals for both sales and profits. But that losing streak just ended. Apple sales started growing again in the December quarter, driven by stronger demand for the iPhone -- particularly for the larger and more expensive iPhone 7 Plus. The company sold 78.3 million iPhones for the quarter, setting a new record. At least some of that may be due to the Samsung's smartphone recall woes. Mark Moskowitz, an analyst with William Blair, wrote in an investor note this month, "Samsung's Note 7 struggles likely helped." The iPhone isn't the only reason Wall Street is excited about Apple. There's also President Trump. Despite Trump clashing with Apple during the campaign, investors are now optimistic Apple will benefit from at least one Trump proposal: cutting taxes on cash that U.S. businesses bring back from their overseas accounts. Apple currently has $230 billion in cash held in foreign accounts. If Trump and Congress make it cheaper for Apple to bring that money back, it could be used for acquisitions and buybacks. © Distributed by LAKANA. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Don't Miss Latest News Local National Cooking with Lauren K Flashback: Breakfast Sandwiches Matt Otis: "Make" Ready, Set, Sing Wildlife Wednesday: Fred the Wood Turtle Workout Wednesday: Summer Workouts Video Center Local News National News High School Roundup (02/15/17) Community rallies behind children diagnosed with cancer State Trooper tracks down stolen puppies Teens charged in Gatlinburg wildfires Teacher sketches Syria's civil war House holds moment of silence for Oakland fire victims Stay Connected WTAJ on Facebook WTAJ Weather on Facebook WTAJ News on Twitter WTAJ News iPhone App WTAJ Weather iPhone App WTAJ News Android App WTAJ Weather Android App UP NEXT Amid Trump Twitter controversies, White House preparing to expand social media team Meet the Team Alerts TV Schedule Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads WTAJ EEO Report WTAJ FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification © 1998 - 2016 WeAreCentralPA.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Site Relevance Date Search
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple orders 160 million Samsung screens for the iPhone 8 Listen | Print By James Walker     Feb 13, 2017 in Technology Apple and Samsung have reportedly inked a deal that will see the South Korean manufacturer build 160 million OLED displays for the upcoming iPhone 8. The contract is worth over $4 billion and will cover the vast majority of iPhone 8 displays. Samsung was tasked with shipping Apple 100 million OLED displays late last year, South Korean newspaper The Investor reported today. Apple has since increased the order to 160 million panels, a 60 percent increase that suggests optimism at the iPhone 8's reception. Samsung has been tasked with building the additional units as well as the original shipment. "80 percent of sales" Samsung is the world's largest manufacturer of OLED mobile displays, having been the first to commercialise the technology at scale. It dwarfs its rivals by commanding a 95 percent market share. Other companies, including South Korean neighbour LG Display, are preparing to ramp up production this year. The new contract from Apple will secure Samsung's market lead though, making it harder for newcomers to get established. In total, Samsung's OLED panels are expected to account for 80 percent of sales of the new iPhone 8. Apple is widely expected to launch three variants of the handset, only one of which will feature the OLED display. Despite being significantly pricier than its LCD-equipped siblings, the volume of panels ordered from Samsung implies Apple expects the OLED model to dominate overall sales. iPhone 8 supercycle This year's iPhone is thought to be the start of a new upgrade "supercycle" that will lead to extremely rapid uptake by new and existing customers alike. While this theory has been contested by some analysts, the volume of displays being manufactured for the launch indicates Apple is preparing to capitalise on increased demand. The company will increase its launch supply of handsets to prevent stock shortages. Apple is reportedly planning to begin iPhone 8 production in earnest significantly earlier than in previous years. It will begin large-scale manufacturing in June, intending to bolster the number of phones it can send to retailers before the device's public unveil in September. OLED leads a new design Aside from a new OLED display, 2017's iPhone will introduce a new design for the first time since 2014. In part to show off the increased vibrancy of the screen, Apple will replace the aluminium chassis of the past three years with a new glass-backed body, aiming for a more premium feel. It brings the iPhone in-line with its Android competition where glass backs are currently in vogue. Apple will also upgrade the iPhone's camera gear, likely pitching improved hardware capabilities alongside the OLED screen. The company is thought to be focusing on performance in poorly lit scenes, bringing its dual-lens setup back for a second year on the two highest iPhone 8 models. More about Apple, iPhone, iphone 8, Samsung, OLED   Apple iPhone iphone 8 Samsung OLED Displays Smartphones Mobile Latest News Top News Tripoli residents in daily ordeal on uprising anniversary Ralph Lauren wows, Kanye grows up, Kors goes plus-size Venezuela bans Spanish-language CNN for Iraq report More dog food recalled because of phenobarbital contamination Op-Ed: Cairo meeting fails to find solution for Libyan crisis Governor's letter to Trump — Support solar and wind energy Great Plains gets over half its power from wind for first time Review: Judy Collins amazing on 'Suzanne' for Leonard Cohen tribute Special Cyber warriors see politics muddying security efforts Ukraine declares state of energy emergency Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers

Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Apple hits record high but leaves some investors in dust News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Apple hits record high but leaves some investors in dust Apple shares cruised to a record-high close Monday, helping catapult the S&P 500 stock index over the US$20 trillion mark in what amounts to a victory for plain-vanilla mutual funds over a bevy of hedge fund managers who recently backed away from the iPhone maker. Posted 14 Feb 2017 05:20 Updated 14 Feb 2017 05:40 The Apple Inc. store is seen on the day of the new iPhone 7 smartphone launch in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 16, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SAN FRANCISCO: Apple shares cruised to a record-high close Monday, helping catapult the S&P 500 stock index over the US$20 trillion mark in what amounts to a victory for plain-vanilla mutual funds over a bevy of hedge fund managers who recently backed away from the iPhone maker. The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at US$133.29, above its record high close of US$133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015 and giving it a market value of about US$699 billion. Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalization on Monday beyond US$20 trillion for the first time. While mutual funds have largely bet on Apple in recent months, some big names missed out on all or part of its recent acceleration. Hedge fund manager Dan Loeb's Third Point LLC cut its stake in Apple by 26 percent to 1.9 million shares in the fourth quarter, according to regulatory filings, while George Soros and Carl Icahn also shed their Apple shares last year. In contrast, the number of mutual funds reporting they became Apple shareholders in recent quarterly filings has jumped by 187 percent to 287, while the number of mutual funds liquidating their Apple holdings dropped by 26 percent to 151, according to Morningstar. Among the big names who backed the stock, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway last August said it had increased its stake in Apple by 55 percent to 15 million shares, now worth US$2 billion. David Einhorn's hedge fund Greenlight Capital in January said it still likes Apple. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of US$134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday's gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to US$150. She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. Many investors are betting that Apple will mark the iPhone's 10th anniversary with a dramatically improved model. They also believe that strong sales of the iPhone 6S two years ago have left a larger-than-normal base of customers ready to upgrade. The Cupertino, California company reported strong December-quarter results on Jan. 31, and although it gave a cautious outlook for the current quarter, Wall Street expects revenue to grow this year after sinking nearly 8 percent in fiscal 2016. In 1998, when the S&P 500 closed above US$10 trillion for the first time, Apple accounted for just under 0.06 percent of the index. It now accounts for about 3.5 percent of the S&P 500, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The 721 days that have passed since Apple's previous record-high close represent the largest gap between such milestones since the iPhone's launch in 2007. (Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq Score New Records for Third Straight Day The good vibes that carried Wall Street to new records last week lingered on into Monday's session. Keris Alison Lahiff Feb 13, 2017 4:06 PM EST The good vibes that carried Wall Street to new records last week lingered on into Monday's session, pushing indexes to close at new highs for their third day in a row. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.70% to close at a record 20,412. The S&P 500 finished up 0.52% to close at 2,328. The Nasdaq also added 0.52%, ending the day at 5,763. The S&P 500 reached $20 trillion in value for the first time on Monday. The best gainers on the Dow were Caterpillar (CAT) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) . Apple (AAPL) rode nearly 1% on market momentum to close at a record $133.29 on Monday. The stock was on a tear after UBS analysts noted that its services business was currently undervalued. UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said on Monday that Apple's shares would be at least 10% higher if its services arm was valued like PayPal's businesses. The new record snapped the old one set in February 2015.   Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buys or sells AAPL? Learn more now. Wall Street rallied to new heights last week as Donald Trump made vague promises of tax reform, hopes for which had given markets a big boost in the two months after the U.S. election in November. Trump said he would deliver a tax reform plan in the near future. The president on Thursday, in a meeting with airline and airport executives, said that lowering the overall tax burden on American businesses was important, adding, "We're going to announce something I would say over the next two or three weeks that will be phenomenal in terms of tax." "The markets have been giving the new president the benefit of the doubt, believing he will make the economy great again," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management. "Of course, any tax plan must make its way through Congress and is not likely to be passed until later in 2017, meaning any benefits are not likely to be seen until 2018 ... Some very high expectations with little certainty of the outcome may make the markets vulnerable to disappointment." Markets initially rallied following Trump's surprise victory in November as investors hoped for infrastructure spending, tax cuts, and loosened financial regulations. However, the Trump rally hit the skids following his January inauguration as geopolitical uncertainty, particularly in the wake of a controversial and unconstitutional travel ban, made for market waves. The travel ban, which affected seven Muslim-majority nations, was deemed unconstitutional last week by judges in the 9th Circuit. On Friday, all three major U.S. stock indexes closed at records for their second day in a row. The Nasdaq ended with its fourth straight closing record on Friday. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and President Trump met in Washington on Monday for the first time since Trump took office. In a post-meeting press conference, Trudeau said "Canada and the U.S. will always be each other's most essential partners." Trump also noted that the two countries have "some wonderful ideas on immigration." Trump-branded products continue to face the brunt of a largely divisive election campaign. Sears (SHLD) and Kmart announced they would drop 31 Trump Home lines due to weak profitability, following in Nordstrom's (JWN) footsteps. Nordstrom recently dropped Ivanka Trump's fashion line after a 32% slump in sales in the last fiscal year. Basic materials stocks were among the best performers on Monday. Chemours (CC) led the way after agreeing to split the $335.4 million settlement in personal-injury lawsuits with former parent DuPont (DD) . Lawsuits were tied to toxic chemicals in a West Virginian plant. Other materials stocks such as Rio Tinto (RIO) and Vale (VALE) were also higher. Verizon (VZ) , the largest wireless provider in the U.S., will begin offering plans with unlimited data starting Monday. Other telecoms including Sprint (S) had been gaining ground on the competitor with their own unlimited data plans. The stock fell, while AT&T (T) , Sprint, and T-Mobile (TMUS) also logged losses. Allergan (AGN) rose after agreeing to acquire Zeltiq Aesthetics (ZLTQ) , a company specializing in fat-reduction technology, in a deal worth $2.475 billion. The acquisition is expected to close in the second half of this year. Shares of Zeltiq rose 12.9%. Allergan is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buys or sells AGN? Learn more now. Williams-Sonoma (WSM) was downgraded to market perform from outperform at Telsey Advisory. Promotional activity is increasing and it will likely take longer for a turnaround at Pottery Barn, Telsey said. Teva Pharmaceuticals (TEVA) climbed 5% on Monday after reaffirming its fiscal 2017 guidance. The drugmaker anticipates full-year revenue between $23.8 billion and $24.5 billion and adjusted earnings of $4.90 to $5.30 a share. Crude oil prices returned to session lows on Monday morning despite proof Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries largely kept to a production cut agreement that went into effect in January. OPEC members and 11 other countries agreed to reduce production by 1.2 million barrels a day in an agreement reached in November. OPEC said Monday that countries reduced their output by 890,000 barrels a day in January, a 74% compliance rate. West Texas Intermediate crude was down 1.7% to $52.93 a barrel on Monday. Gold logged its worst daily loss in two-and-a-half weeks as Wall Street money flooded into equities. Safe-haven assets tend to perform poorly when riskier assets such as equities are on the upswing. If you liked this article you might like Cramer: Many Countries Do Not Admit Things Are Better Growth is obvious everywhere; yes, even in Italy or Latin America. Jim Cramer Feb 15, 2017 7:26 AM EST Stocks Extend Gains, on Track to Close at Records for Third Day in Row The Dow Jones Industrial Average led Wall Street's gains on Monday on leftover goodwill from last week's Trump-inspired rally. Keris Alison Lahiff Feb 13, 2017 2:35 PM EST Wall Street Scores New Records Amid Trump's Tax Reform Promises All three major U.S. indexes closed at record highs for the second consecutive day as investors hope for a U.S. tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Valerie Young Feb 10, 2017 4:07 PM EST Trending Avoid Apple and Buy Home Depot Instead What Buffett, Icahn and Other Billionaire Investors Are Buying in the Trump Era Stay Long, This Bull Is Strong: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 2/15/17) Cisco's Numbers Weren't Spectacular, But Good Enough In This Market 10 Highest-Paying Jobs in 2016 If All You Care About Is Money Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Login All Reviews Editorials News Facebook Says Auto-playing Audio is Just What You Want Iconfactory Plans to Rebuild Twitterrific for Mac with Kickstarter Campaign Eddy Cue Says Video is a Big Part of Apple Music's Future Tips What's With the Status Icons At the Top of My Apple Watch? macOS: Printing Specific Calendar Events Podcasts Mac Users Can Expect More Malware and TV Shows Are Good for Apple Music - ACM 398 Right to Repair Laws, Apple Design Critics - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-15 View All Results → Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short View All Reviews → Setapp: Like Netflix for Mac Apps Who's More Intelligent, Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa? Russians Who Hacked DNC Now Targeting Macs Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Commercials to Highlight Portrait Camera Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays View All Editorials → The State of Apple Pay – TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-13 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Feb 13th, 2017 1:51 PM EST | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Some big retailers don’t seem interested in Apple Pay, and Apple is having a fight over adoption in Australia. Adam Christianson from the Maccast and John Martellaro join Jeff Gamet to look at the state of Apple Pay and talk about what they see in the future for contactless payment systems. MP3 Feed Feedback The State of Apple Pay - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-13 1:51 PM Feb. 13th, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Some big retailers don’t seem interested in Apple Pay, and Apple is having a fight over adoption in Australia. Adam Christianson from the Maccast and... Sponsors Looking for fresh and ready to make meals delivered to your door? Check out Blue Apron. TMO Daily Observations listeners get three free meals from your first order and free delivery! GoDaddy wants to help your make your small business an online success with its 24-hour support and tools to transform your ideas and personal initiative into success. Use discount code TDO30 at checkout for 30% off all new orders. The state of Apple Pay Apple in a Standoff with Australia’s Banks Over Apple Pay Adam Christianson’s Maccast TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Pay, Credit Cards, podcast One Comment Add a comment Lee Dronick February 13, 2017 I use Apple Pay whenever I can, if we don’t use it then we will lose it. February 13, 2017 at 2:00 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Setapp: Like Netflix for Mac Apps Bob LeVitus | February 15, 2017 Who's More Intelligent, Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa? Jeff Butts | February 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $135.51 +0.49 (0.36%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 11167 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 1 1486993870 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple's Stock Sets First New All-Time High Closing Price in Nearly Two Years Monday February 13, 2017 1:08 pm PST by Joe Rossignol Apple's stock set a new all-time high closing price of $133.29 today, eclipsing a previous record of $133 set on February 23, 2015. The stock still remains around $1 off its true all-time high of $134.54 set on April 28, 2015. Apple's stock has been steadily rising over the past four months, particularly since the company reported record-breaking earnings results, including revenue of $78.4 billion and net quarterly profit of $17.9 billion, in late January. The stock rose over $7 in a single day following the January 31 results. Apple analyst Brian White of investment firm Drexel Hamilton has persistently said AAPL remains "one of the most underappreciated stocks in the world," and his target price for the stock is $185. Steven Milunovich of UBS and some other analysts have also said the stock is undervalued in recent weeks. Apple's stock has rebounded significantly since dropping to a 52-week low of $89.47 last May. The price was likely impacted by Apple's comparably lackluster 2016, which marked the company's first year-over-year decline in annual revenue since 2001 after 51 consecutive quarters of uninterrupted sales growth. Apple is the world's most valuable company with a market capitalization approaching $700 billion. Tag: AAPL [ 114 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) tubeexperience 3 days ago at 01:16 pm You can only run on fumes for so long. [MEDIA=youtube]_1rXqD6M614[/MEDIA] Rating: 23 Votes twocents 3 days ago at 01:14 pm Strongest sign yet that Tim is done as CEO Rating: 18 Votes djcerla 3 days ago at 01:34 pm You can only run on fumes for so long. If you believe that 2017 Apple is "running on fumes" you have no understanding of the firm, at all. Apple is in the process of cornering all the core technologies they will need for the next generation products. Silicon? No rivals. Industrial processes? No rivals. Accessibility? No rivals. Health team? No rivals. Stores and support? No rivals. Maps? Getting better and better. AR and AI? Beefing up the teams with dozens af acquisitions. Apple will be around much longer than all of us. Rating: 17 Votes Omar_19x 3 days ago at 01:13 pm Doomed Rating: 16 Votes Dilster3k 3 days ago at 01:10 pm Apple is doomed I tell ya'll whippersnappers! Rating: 14 Votes DaveOP 3 days ago at 01:39 pm If you believe that 2017 Apple is "running on fumes" you have no understanding of the firm, at all. Apple is in the process to cornering all the core technologies they will need for the next generation producds. Silicon? No rivals. Industrial processes? No rivals. Accessibility? No rivals. Health team? No rivals. Stores and support? No rivals. Maps? Getting better and better. AR ans AI? Beefing up the teams with dozens af acquisitions. Apple will be around much longer than all of us. You have to remember, this guy thinks more RAM in a Mac, and a shiny new form factor for the iPhone is more important than all of those things you mentioned. I am on your side, they are doing some remarkable things that Steve had not dreamed of. Rating: 12 Votes JesterJJZ 3 days ago at 01:16 pm Now give us a real workstation... Rating: 7 Votes StyxMaker 2 days ago at 02:52 pm You can only run on fumes for so long. [MEDIA=youtube]_1rXqD6M614[/MEDIA] Or, you can only claim that Apple is running on fumes for so long. Rating: 6 Votes Michaelgtrusa 3 days ago at 01:22 pm That's the innovation! Making profits. Rating: 6 Votes btrach144 3 days ago at 01:30 pm Yet Tim can't figure out how to make a Mac :( Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Ticketmaster App Updated With Apple Music Integration to Track Concerts 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Ticketmaster today updated its iOS app with Apple Music integration, allowing users to easily track upcoming concerts they might be interested in. The update makes Ticketmaster one of the few apps to... 4 comments Huawei Developing New Voice Assistant to Take On Siri 12 hours ago on iOS Blog Huawei, currently the world's third largest smartphone manufacturer, is planning on developing its own voice assistant to compete with Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Alphabet's... 30 comments TwIM is a New App for Communicating via Twitter Direct Message 13 hours ago on iOS Blog TwIM, released today, is a new app that turns Twitter's Direct Messages function into a dedicated chat app, ignoring all other Twitter features for a clean, simple DM chat experience. ... 11 comments Minecraft Player Spends 232 Hours Building Apple Campus 2 15 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple's spaceship-shaped campus in Cupertino, California has been under construction for several years and is one of the most expensive, ambitious buildings in the United States. While Apple... 38 comments iMessage Not Working for Some Users 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Many iPhone and iPad users appear to be experiencing issues with Apple's iMessage service, which seems to be down for some people. Those who are having problems are unable to send iMessages and... 30 comments 'Pokémon Go' Gaining 80 New Pokémon Later This Week 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Starting later this week, popular augmented reality game Pokémon Go will gain tons of new content in the form of 80 new Pokémon that are being introduced to the game. The Pokémon come from the... 24 comments Apple's 'Arrogance' Impedes Major Acquisitions as Analysts Look to Potential Targets in Online Video 17 hours ago on Mac Blog In an in-depth new look at Apple's merger and acquisitions tactics published today by Bloomberg, Apple's "arrogant" culture of deal negotiations is put on display. According to... 78 comments Apple Begins Selling D-Link's HomeKit-Enabled 'Omna' HD Camera With 180º Lens 19 hours ago on iOS Blog D-Link today announced that its new Omna 180 Cam HD Camera, unveiled at CES 2017 last month, is now available to purchase at Apple.com for $199.95. The cylindrical Omna 180 Cam HD... 24 comments • Apple in 'Early Stages' of Discussions for Apple Pay in South Korea, Android Pay Likely to Launch First (7) • AppGratis Shuts Down (12) • Jaguar and Shell Partnership Lets UK Drivers Use Apple Pay to Pay for Fuel Inside Car (22) • Microsoft Follows Apple By Hiking Price of Surface Book Laptops in the U.K. (41) • Amazon's Alexa Gets Expanded Calendar Support and Tap Speaker Hands-Free Mode (15) • Elgato Eve 2.6 Update Enhances Lighting Control and HomeKit-Enabled Hardware Support (2) • Signal Privacy Messenger Users Advised to Turn Off CallKit Support in Latest Update (9)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Hidden Folks', 'Digby Forever', 'Slayaway Camp', 'Gunman Taco Truck', 'Mildly Interesting RTS', 'Causality', 'Evergrow', 'Mascot Dunks' and More Auto-Running Platformer 'Scrap' Needs Beta Testers The Highly-Entertaining 'Motorsport Manager' Is Currently Free 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Is Bringing 'Blood Magic' This Week 'Clash Royale' Draft Challenge Returns Tomorrow 'Solforge' Rises From the Dead, at Least For Now AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple shares close at all-time high Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 4:06 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Apple has $246 billion. Who should they buy?    Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 1:05 PM ET | 03:55 Shares of Apple's stock closed at an all-time high Monday, riding a post-earnings rally and a more favorable outlook on Wall Street. Apple closed at $133.29 a share, surpassing its record closing high price of $133, set in February 2015. It has yet to break its all-time intraday high of $134.54 a share, set in April 2015. The record came after Goldman Sachs raised its price target on the stock on Monday, citing Apple's 3-D sensing technology. UBS also released a note on Monday estimating that the market is undervaluing Apple's services business . Apple's stock has risen nearly 10 percent since the close on Jan. 31, when Apple reported quarterly earnings. In the report, Apple broke a losing streak, posting the first year-over-year revenue increase after three dud quarters. CEO Tim Cook said on a conference call with investors in January there was especially strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus —Apple's higher-end and more expensive model — and that it made up a higher-than-expected share of sales. Apple is not the only tech company to heat up in 2017 — the whole market has zoomed higher this year. Microsoft, Alphabet, Netflix and Facebook have hit all-time intraday highs this year. The S&P 500, Dow Jones industrial average, and Nasdaq all hit record highs on Monday, despite trading in relatively narrow range for most of 2017. Apple was up more than 15 percent this year at Monday's close, while the Nasdaq was up about 7 percent. Apple is expected to see one of the biggest boosts from the Trump administration's tax policies on foreign cash repatriation. Last time Apple set a record high was also after a healthy earnings beat and an expanded capital return program. show chapters Apple shares hit all time high — and may have more room to run    Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 4:22 PM ET | 03:09 Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple closes at record high for first time since 2015 By Reuters Published: 16:15 EST, 13 February 2017 | Updated: 16:15 EST, 13 February 2017 e-mail By Noel Randewich SAN FRANCISCO, Feb 13 (Reuters) - Shares of Apple rose to a record high close on Monday, buoyed by Wall Street's expectations that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent-up customer demand will shore up lackluster sales. The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at $133.29, breaking above its record high close of $133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015 and giving it a market value of about $699.3 billion. Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's market capitalization on Monday beyond $20 trillion for the first time. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15.1 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of $134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday's gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to $150. She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. (Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri 'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is at an all-time high Kif Leswing Feb. 13, 2017, 4:00 PM 3,416 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Images/Stephen Lam The world's most valuable company is breaking records. Apple's shares closed on Monday at $133.29, up $1.17 for the day and above its record close of $133, set in February 2015. However, Apple hasn't yet broken its intraday high of $134.54, set in April 2015. Still, investors are clearly finding their appetite for the company's stock. Apple is valued at about $699 billion, which is the largest market cap for a publicly traded American company. The stock has risen more than 9% since Apple reported a solid beat on quarterly earnings, breaking three straight quarters in which the company reported an annual decline in sales. During much of 2016, there were serious concerns about whether the iPhone, which contributes about two-thirds of Apple's revenue, had saturated its market. And Apple's sales in China are still falling. But investors see a lot to like in Apple stock — in particular, the possibility that a new design and a built-up group of people with old iPhones will spur a "supercycle" in iPhone sales this fall. Goldman Sachs analysts raised Apple's price target to $150 on Monday. Apple split its stock 7-1 in 2014. Here's what Apple stock did today, via Google Finance: Google Here's what Apple stock has done over the past two years, via Yahoo Finance: Yahoo Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: Apple beats on revenue and profit but forecasts weakness More: Apple Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is at an all-time high Apple is at an all-time high The world's most valuable company is breaking... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/why-apples-about-to-close-at-a-record-high-1487011115 Hot Stocks Why Apple’s About to Close at a Record High As buzz for the next iPhone builds, investors are bidding up Apple shares. The stock is on track for a record close Monday. By Emily Bary Feb. 13, 2017 1:38 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Investors are getting excited about the next iPhone. Photo: Getty Images Investors have found plenty to be excited about when it comes to Apple these days. Shares are up 1.1% Monday, to $133.62. If the gain holds through the afternoon, it would be a record close for Apple, breaking the previous mark of $133 from February 2015. Investors are clearly getting excited for the 10th anniversary iPhone expected later this year. While that launch isn’t new information, the buzz about the new iPhone is building. The hope is that the iPhone X, as it could be called, might pack enough cool features that people will feel it’s a device worth getting as soon as possible, and paying up for. Recent iPhone upgrades have been more evolutionary, which held back upgrade rates. Apple confirmed Monday that it’s joined the Wireless Power Consortium, perhaps a sign that wireless charging will be a feature on the new phone. And recent reports say that the company could unveil a 5.8-inch phone, larger than the current Plus, which would have a fancy organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screen and sell for more than $1,000. More from Barron’s Next A T-Mobile Merger with Sprint Could End Wireless Brawl When to Buy Airline Tickets to Get The Cheapest Fare Expedia Has a Google Problem Why You Want to Own Tesla Now CEO Tim Cook, who doesn’t often give hints about future products or features, stoked enthusiasm last week when he spoke in big terms about the future of augmented reality, the technology that allows people to overlay virtual things on top of their real surroundings. “I regard it as a big idea like the smartphone,” he told the Independent, a British online newspaper. “The smartphone is for everyone, we don’t have to think the iPhone is about a certain demographic, or country or vertical market: it’s for everyone. I think AR is that big, it’s huge.” While he said that improvements are needed for AR technology before it’s “good enough for the mainstream,” there’s the possibility that the new iPhone will have 3-D sensing, a technology that would allow people to use mobile AR apps. At its current price, Apple has a market value of $701 billion. Big Picture: Apple shares are on track to close at a record high Monday, amid speculation about new features in the next iPhone. Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular Could Groupon Challenge Amazon Again? Is Apple Ditching Fingerprints for Facial Recognition? Under Armour’s Worst Days Could Be Behind It Why PayPal Seems Cool Again Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Test Test Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español That Apple MacBook-friendly LG 5K display is on back order The impressive-sounding LG UltraFine 5K display that was built with Apple's MacBooks in mind is technically on sale, but delayed for a few weeks. Monitors by Ian Sherr February 13, 2017 12:24 PM PST @iansherr Enlarge Image Apple announced the monitor from LG in October. James Martin/CNET All you LG UltraFine 5K display fans are gonna have to wait a few weeks before you can get one again. That's the bottom line after BusinessInsider learned the $974 computer monitors, which are displayed in Apple's retail stores, aren't really available to buy today. You can go online to order one, but Apple's website indicates it may take up to six weeks to ship to you. The monitor measures 27 inches and can display significantly more variations of colors than a typical monitor. It also has a resolution of 5,120 x 2,880 pixels (which is a lot, in case you're asking). So what's the problem? This display has struggled with some issues around Wi-Fi signals, something LG promised to fix. It's safe to assume this is related. Though LG did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Apple's order page for the LG monitor currently on backorder. Screenshot of Apple.com Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Monitors LG Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Feb 15 D-Link sells first Apple HomeKit security camera Feb 15 New Mac malware linked to Russian hackers of US election Feb 15 iPhone 8: Everything we know so far about the 10th-anniversary edition of Apple's historic phone Feb 15 Apple vs. FBI one year later: Still stuck in limbo All Apple Stories More stories Apple reveals MacBook-friendly 5K LG display Turn your iPad into a second monitor for $9.99 Google's new Jamboard is a digital whiteboard with a 4K display Best Monitors of 2017 Close   Discuss: That Apple MacBook-friendly LG 5K display... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Apple vs. FBI one year later: Still stuck in limbo T-Mobile strikes back in battle for best unlimited plan Which carrier offers the best unlimited plan? Here's a quick breakdown of prices and what to consider when going with the major US carriers. by Bridget Carey 2:26 Facebook unmutes news feed videos, T-Mobile bites back The biggest tech news of the day includes Facebook's unmuting of news feed videos, T-Mobile's quick response to Verizon's introduction of unlimited plans and Microsoft's Brad Smith calling for a "Digital Geneva Convention." by Jeff Bakalar 1:12 Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, February 16, 2017 As of 8:05 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Huawei versus Samsung and Apple: The Chinese tech giant’s quest for mobile phone domination By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on February 14 2017 8:00 AM 0 0 0 0 A Huawei logo is seen above the company's exhibition pavilion during the CommunicAsia information and communications technology trade show in Singapore June 19, 2012. Reuters/Tim Chong Huawei is slowly but surely making its way to the top of the smartphone biosphere. China’s number one is now the world’s third best-selling phone company in the world, but it’s not done yet. Huawei sees itself taking down Apple and Samsung for the top spot in the near future, and the company is unabashedly confident that one can’t help but believe that it just might do so. Samsung and Apple have reigned over the mobile phone industry for six years now. As the world’s number one and number two when it comes to mobile handsets, Samsung and Apple have never been genuinely threatened by a legit third contender. Through the years, the third spot has been a revolving door of phone brands. But now that Huawei has it locked down, the company sees no other way but up. It certainly helps that Huawei itself produces the components of its own smartphones, which is something that rivals simply can’t compete with. Huawei has been the largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer in the world since 2012. It has distanced itself from fellow Chinese brands by producing quality handsets that can go toe-to-toe with anything US-based Apple or South Korean Samsung has. Over the past year and a half, Huawei has climbed Finland’s top mobile phone charts in unprecedented fashion. According to research firm IDC, Huawei had sold ten times more phones than Apple in Nokia’s home country from January to March 2016 before eventually taking over Samsung in October. After securing its place in China, Huawei has now taken over Europe. Huawei is now the number one mobile brand in the Netherlands and Portugal. It ranks second in Hungary, Italy, Spain and Poland. Consumer head Richard Yu reportedly told Fortune that the company is confident that it shall blaze past Apple in terms of smartphones next year, which is not entirely impossible since the Huawei Mate 9 has recently been making waves around the world, and that could be the catalyst. But before Huawei can do that, it must first make its mark in the US. The Chinese tech giant is unable to practice the discount schemes it employs in Europe on American telcos, which prevents Huawei flagship phones from being widely distributed on US soil. In the US, providers are responsible for about 90 percent of mobile phone sales. Huawei isn’t about to back down, though. In fact, the company is as confident as it has ever been, seeing itself at the top of the mobile phone world by 2021. Huawei certainly has the resources and the fibre to do it. Not bad for a company that previously and almost exclusively produced white label handsets. RELATED STORIES: Huawei P10 and P10 Plus specs, prices and release details: Reported prices seem to fit both phones’ specs Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Huawei Mate 9: Battery performance test and comparison Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Google Pixel XL & Huawei Honor 6X clash head-to-head Bid for Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design at World Square on Friday Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Bob Odenkirk reasons show’s late coming 0 Shares 2 'Better Call Saul' season 3: Gus Fring's modest return to the world of Jimmy McGill 0 Shares 3 Guns N’ Roses rock Melbourne, apologise over 'Hello Sydney!' mistake 0 Shares 4 LG G6 to settle with Snapdragon 821 chip 0 Shares 5 NBA Trade Deadline: Raptors, Clippers trying to acquire Danilo Gallinari from Nuggets 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Leaked pictures from South Africa set 0 Shares 7 ‘Peaky Blinders’ season 4 confirmed 0 Shares 8 Roger Federer reveals three keys to longevity, diet regimen, day-to-day schedule, eating habits 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Lothbrok brothers are ‘gonna be at each other’s throats’ 0 Shares 10 ‘The Walking Dead’ season 7, episode 9 spoilers: What to expect 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed NAB survey shows stronger Australia economy Woolworths and Microsoft assure faster online service Apple Inc. reaches AU$909 billion market value Iron ore prices witness surge to reach US$90 Etsy brings good news for creative entrpreneurs, DYIers CSL revenue approaches US$600 million More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Man's dead body found in Sydney factory Small 2.7-magnitude earthquake rattles Adelaide Australian man whose girlfriend died in jet-ski crash pleads guilty Killer clown sentenced to 6 months for terrorising pregnant British woman with axe Australian community destroyed by bushfire Ku Klux Klan leader's wife, stepson charged with murder More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Jeremy Lin injury update: Brooklyn Nets PG ready to return post All-Star break NBA Trade Deadline: Cavaliers interested in Lakers guard Lou Williams Raptors acquire Serge Ibaka from Magic for Terrence Ross and future draft pick Adam Voges retires from Tests with batting average of 61.87 Reggie Jackson trade: Pelicans, Magic and Timberwolves vying for Pistons point guard NBA Trade Deadline: Warriors could sign Larry Sanders, not looking for trades More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More More NES Classic Editions soon; ‘Fire Emblem Heroes’ available on iOS & Android Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6s: Camera comparison [VIDEO] 'The Last Of Us 2' is 'a story worthy of Joel and Ellie' 'Final Fantasy XV' director hints at PC compatibility 8Pack OrionX: The most expensive gaming PC Researchers call to end long work hours for Australians More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Justice League' cast updates: Laurence Fishburne ends speculations; explains why he won't be in the DC movie 'Wonder Woman' spoilers: Showrunners' Twitter activity sparks fan theories that Arnold Schwazenegger might join the cast soon Marvel gets fans in stitches in new 'Team Thor' spoof video, featuring roommate Darryl [Watch] 'General Hospital' spoilers for Feb. 16, 2017: Nina grows suspicious; Liz takes a stand; Kiki and Dillon reconnect 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' spoilers: New planet details 'Orphan Black' season 5 news: Tatiana Maslany and the clones return as final season gets a premiere date More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Almost Built a Futuristic Cybercafe in 1997 With Computers at Every Table Monday February 13, 2017 12:32 pm PST by Juli Clover Around the time former Apple CEO Steve Jobs returned to Apple in 1997, the company considered building an "Apple Cafe," a fanciful, futuristic cybercafe where people could gather to eat, do business, and use Apple computers. The idea was created in partnership with Mega Bytes, with Apple planning to license its name and brand. Former Disney Imagineer and Landmark Entertainment Group founder Tony Christopher was tasked with coming up with a design for the concept, and in a new interview with Fast Company, he shared images of what the cafe might have looked like and the story behind its conceptualization. Jobs was reportedly involved in the design process, choosing Christopher's team because of their work creating unique retail spaces. Jobs wanted a way for Apple to connect to customers, which led to the idea of a cafe equipped with Apple products. A computer was at every table, where people could do things like order food, watch movies, surf the web, design web pages, and play video games. A predecessor to the Apple retail stores we know today, the cafe was also meant to sell Apple products to consumers. The images don't resemble the clean, simple design of Apple Stores today, but the central idea - connecting with customers - inspired both the cafe and Apple's eventual line of retail stores. The interior design was very high tech, and we worked on it for about six months. I think we were trying to create sort of a modern-but-futuristic look, which is different than the immersive theme park stuff we do: castles and dinosaurs. I remember the designers we put on it were the high-tech, future-thinking guys. We understood that we were dealing with a computer, which was a future technology not a historic technology, and the Apple Cafe had to reflect that.Apple's original plan was to build a flagship Apple Cafe in Los Angeles and then expand them around the world. Apple was far enough along in the design process that there was a website promoting the Apple Cafe, and planned openings in Paris, London, New York, Tokyo, and Sydney, but the stores never materialized. While Christopher says the idea was sidelined in favor of Jobs' plan for an "Apple Store," press information released by Apple at the time said Apple's business partners had pulled back. From 1997: "We think it's a great project, and we'd like to move forward," said a spokeswoman for Landmark Entertainment, which was to design the cafes. Spokespeople for Mega Bytes International, a U.K-based real estate company, could not be reached for comment. The Apple spokeswoman said the concept of launching the cafes remains a possibility down the road. "If somebody approaches us again, we'll be happy to consider it," she said. "It just didn't work out with this group in particular."The first Apple Store eventually opened in 2001 under the leadership of Ron Johnson. Over the last 16 years, Apple Stores have expanded to more than 20 countries, with Apple operating 491 stores around the world. Related Roundup: Apple Stores [ 48 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) farewelwilliams 3 days ago at 12:35 pm jony would have designed coffee cups that wouldn't fit in anyone's cupholders. Rating: 25 Votes iDemiurge 3 days ago at 01:38 pm LOL, so 90s! Rating: 9 Votes Xavier 3 days ago at 12:48 pm Ahh, take me back to 1997. Rating: 8 Votes RogerWilco 3 days ago at 12:38 pm Jobs' sixth sense saved them again. Rating: 7 Votes Speedy Dingo 2 days ago at 02:04 pm And right after having a coffee, you could've visited the Apple gift shop and dress to impress... Rating: 5 Votes CE3 3 days ago at 01:40 pm It would have been a very short life span. Mobility would have killed this concept in due time. At least, leading into a wireless world where we are now. I think it could've worked, it just would've had to evolve with the times. Yes, it's a wireless mobile world, but cafes and coffee shops are still incredibly popular. In fact, all the mobile devices indirectly contribute to their continued success because of all the people who use them at these places. Rating: 2 Votes Michaelgtrusa 3 days ago at 12:38 pm This would have been nice. They can now have this inside the new Spaceship campus. Rating: 2 Votes B.K. 3 days ago at 01:14 pm Interesting concept, beautiful artwork. Rating: 2 Votes Matthew.H 2 days ago at 02:15 pm I know, it is hard to believe! You might be right - Internet cafes never really took off in America, did they? The public libraries seemed to fill that niche. Still, I kinda like the idea of an AppleCare plan that lets me enjoy a complementary meal while they fix my MacBook ;) Even just a coffee would be good. Rating: 2 Votes Relentless Power 2 days ago at 01:57 pm I think it could've worked, it just would've had to evolve with the times. Yes, it's a wireless mobile world, but cafes and coffee shops are still incredibly popular. In fact, all the mobile devices indirectly contribute to their continued success, because of all the people who use them at these places. But the stationary desk top theme wouldn't have lasted. Agreed about cafe's still being predominant for convenience and for meetings. Mobility and portability would have positioned a shop like this to Change or make it known why it's unique in its own merit to last, which it wouldn't have in today's world. In 1997, this would have been likely lucrative. It's hard to believe 1997 was 20 years ago. Seems like yesterday in retrospect. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Ticketmaster App Updated With Apple Music Integration to Track Concerts 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Ticketmaster today updated its iOS app with Apple Music integration, allowing users to easily track upcoming concerts they might be interested in. The update makes Ticketmaster one of the few apps to... 4 comments Huawei Developing New Voice Assistant to Take On Siri 12 hours ago on iOS Blog Huawei, currently the world's third largest smartphone manufacturer, is planning on developing its own voice assistant to compete with Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Alphabet's... 30 comments TwIM is a New App for Communicating via Twitter Direct Message 13 hours ago on iOS Blog TwIM, released today, is a new app that turns Twitter's Direct Messages function into a dedicated chat app, ignoring all other Twitter features for a clean, simple DM chat experience. ... 11 comments Minecraft Player Spends 232 Hours Building Apple Campus 2 15 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple's spaceship-shaped campus in Cupertino, California has been under construction for several years and is one of the most expensive, ambitious buildings in the United States. While Apple... 38 comments iMessage Not Working for Some Users 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Many iPhone and iPad users appear to be experiencing issues with Apple's iMessage service, which seems to be down for some people. Those who are having problems are unable to send iMessages and... 30 comments 'Pokémon Go' Gaining 80 New Pokémon Later This Week 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Starting later this week, popular augmented reality game Pokémon Go will gain tons of new content in the form of 80 new Pokémon that are being introduced to the game. The Pokémon come from the... 24 comments Apple's 'Arrogance' Impedes Major Acquisitions as Analysts Look to Potential Targets in Online Video 17 hours ago on Mac Blog In an in-depth new look at Apple's merger and acquisitions tactics published today by Bloomberg, Apple's "arrogant" culture of deal negotiations is put on display. According to... 78 comments Apple Begins Selling D-Link's HomeKit-Enabled 'Omna' HD Camera With 180º Lens 19 hours ago on iOS Blog D-Link today announced that its new Omna 180 Cam HD Camera, unveiled at CES 2017 last month, is now available to purchase at Apple.com for $199.95. The cylindrical Omna 180 Cam HD... 24 comments • Apple in 'Early Stages' of Discussions for Apple Pay in South Korea, Android Pay Likely to Launch First (7) • AppGratis Shuts Down (12) • Jaguar and Shell Partnership Lets UK Drivers Use Apple Pay to Pay for Fuel Inside Car (22) • Microsoft Follows Apple By Hiking Price of Surface Book Laptops in the U.K. (41) • Amazon's Alexa Gets Expanded Calendar Support and Tap Speaker Hands-Free Mode (15) • Elgato Eve 2.6 Update Enhances Lighting Control and HomeKit-Enabled Hardware Support (2) • Signal Privacy Messenger Users Advised to Turn Off CallKit Support in Latest Update (9)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Hidden Folks', 'Digby Forever', 'Slayaway Camp', 'Gunman Taco Truck', 'Mildly Interesting RTS', 'Causality', 'Evergrow', 'Mascot Dunks' and More Auto-Running Platformer 'Scrap' Needs Beta Testers The Highly-Entertaining 'Motorsport Manager' Is Currently Free 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Is Bringing 'Blood Magic' This Week 'Clash Royale' Draft Challenge Returns Tomorrow 'Solforge' Rises From the Dead, at Least For Now AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Two years ago Apple's market cap was $700 billion. Now, it's finally back Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 3:39 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Too late to buy Apple?    Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 12:06 PM ET | 03:40 Apple has reclaimed its throne as the only $700 billion publicly-traded U.S. company. Hitting a market capitalization of around $701 billion on Monday, Apple briefly crested the $700-billion level it last broke in February 2015. Apple swelled to near $770 billion in 2015, after shares hit an all-time intraday high of $134.54 a share in April 2015. But in the 2016 fiscal year, Apple posted its first yearly revenue decline in 2001, as iPhone sales slumped from the year-ago period and revenue tumbled in China. By February 2016, Google-parent Alphabet briefly passed Apple to become the most valuable U.S.-listed company, at $547.1 billion. To be sure, Apple was still one of the most successful American companies ever during that time period, especially to those that remember Apple's 1982 record low of 20 cents per share. Apple has added unrelentingly to its $246 billion mountain of cash. show chapters Apple has $246 billion. Who should they buy?    Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 1:05 PM ET | 03:55 In a January earnings report, Apple returned to revenue growth, nudged along by more expensive new iPhone models. That helped the Cupertino company gain favor on Wall Street, with analysts at Goldman Sachs and UBS sharing positive outlooks on Monday, in anticipation of an iPhone "supercycle" this fall. Apple's also been lifted by a rising tide. U.S. markets hit a record high across the board on Monday, pushing Apple within $1 of a new all-time intraday share price. Despite nearing record-high share prices, Apple isn't quite as close to beating its all-time high market capitalization, since market value is determined by stock price multiplied by shares outstanding. Apple currently has 5.26 million shares outstanding, compared to the 5.76 million shares outstanding they had in March 2015, according to Factset, as the company has approved share repurchases. Source: Factset Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1222 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Mobile Computing iphone 8 Apple reportedly orders another 60 million OLED panels from Samsung for the iPhone 8 Bringing the total to 160M By Shawn Knight on Feb 13, 2017, 12:15 PM TechSpot Apple is reportedly once again turning to a familiar foe to source components for its next major smartphone release. The Korean Herald on Monday said Samsung recently signed an agreement with Apple to supply an additional 60 million OLED panels. The deal, valued at $4.3 billion, is in addition to the 100 million OLED screens Apple ordered last year. Apple’s iPhone 8 is expected to be the first to feature an OLED panel although up to this point, it was believed that the higher-end panel was being reserved exclusively for the premium iPhone 8, which may be called the iPhone X. Given the additional order and the likelihood that Samsung isn’t Apple’s sole OLED supplier (LG is believed to be the other major supplier), it’s possible that OLED panels could be expanded to additional models. Alternately, it’s possible that a secondary supplier wasn’t able to meet demand and Samsung stepped in to pick up the slack. Putting all of its eggs in one basket isn’t ideal but if you’re forced into the position, there’s not much you can do except roll with it. Either way, with Samsung and now Apple utilizing OLED panels for their smartphones, supply shortages for rivals could become a very real thing. With its Galaxy S8, Samsung is reportedly setting a sales goal of 60 million units. Even though Apple’s sales were down a bit in 2016, the company still sold north of 200 million iPhones. A major refresh like what's expected this year would almost certainly send sales surging once again. Related Reads Samsung reportedly urging Apple to switch to OLED panel for iPhone Samsung working on Galaxy Alpha to combat Apple's iPhone 6 Report: Apple will introduce 3 new iPads next year and a "revolutionary" flexible OLED model in 2018 6 comments 197 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Apple's premium iPhone X could cost more than a grand Sending this string of emojis in a text message can crash most iPhones or iPads Apple sued for not implementing iPhone lock-out feature to discourage texting and driving Product Finder scores 88 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 86 Apple iPhone 7 87 Apple iPhone 6s Popular 27 comments Radeon Fury X vs. GeForce GTX 980 Ti: Are They Still Worth Buying? For Honor: Graphics & CPU Performance Load Comments 6 ... User Comments: 6 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Will the next iPhone charge wirelessly? - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Will the next iPhone charge wirelessly? Posted: Monday, February 13, 2017 2:59 PM EST Updated: Monday, February 13, 2017 3:35 PM EST You may never have to plug in your iPhone again. Apple has joined an industry group devoted to wireless charging, strengthening existing rumors that the next iPhone will charge without a cord. By Matt McFarland WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -- You may never have to plug in your iPhone again. Apple has joined an industry group devoted to wireless charging, strengthening existing rumors that the next iPhone will charge without a cord. The Wireless Power Consortium, which is made up of some 200 organizations that promote a single wireless charging standard, confirmed to CNNTech that Apple joined the group last week. IPhone rumors swirl months before each new version is announced, and hype around the so-called 'iPhone 8" is particularly high: Apple is expected to unveil a major redesign of the this fall to mark the 10-year anniversary of the smartphone. The company has already shown interest in doing away with cumbersome cords. The Apple Watch charges wirelessly, provided consumers spend $79 on a magnetic charging dock. And the latest MacBook now comes with only one USB port. Apple would also create another iPhone revenue stream by selling a wireless charging station separately. The feature would simplify charging for smartphone owners. Rather than plugging in one's phone, a user would only need to place it on the charging dock. Apple said in a statement Monday it was joining the Wireless Power Consortium to contribute its ideas as wireless charging standards are developed. As for the speculated possible features of the next iPhone, other rumors include an edge-to-edge display, a glass body and the removal of the home button. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > Australian Banks Seek Open Access to NFC Functions of Apple Pay in New Application Australian Banks Seek Open Access to NFC Functions of Apple Pay in New Application Monday, 13 February 2017 (3 days ago) A group of Australia's biggest banks have again applied to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) in a bid to negotiate with Apple over Apple Pay. The banks -- including Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac -- today announced that they have "narrowed" their application with the ACCC to focus on gaining open access to the NFC function integral to Apple Pay. The new application echoes the banks' original, filed last July, which also included gaining access to the NFC-based mobile payments software in iPhones. Apple currently only allows its own mobile payment system to access the NFC-hardware in its iPhone devices, which banks argue is an anti-competitive restriction that hampers consumer choice. The banks say that while Apple has a "stranglehold" on this technology, no actual competition can take place in the mobile wallet marketplace.Open access to the NFC function on iPhone is required to enable real choice and real competition for consumers, and to facilitate innovation and investment in the digital wallets available to Australians. Without open NFC access on iPhone, no genuine competition in the provision of mobile wallets is possible and Apple will have a stranglehold on this strategically important future market. Previously, the coalition of banks also sought to challenge Apple on Apple Pay due to the service's fees. In the new application, the banks decided to eliminate arguments over fees and any other items "the ACCC considered may lead to a public detriment." Prior to the new application, the ACCC had denied the banks' request to negotiate over Apple pay two times last year.“The applicants are ready, willing, and able to participate in Apple Pay, alongside being able to offer their customers their own mobile wallet products,” payments specialist and spokesperson on behalf of the applicants, Lance Blockley, said. “This application has always been about consumer choice, and allowing competition between the makers of mobile wallets to offer the best products and features they can to determine which mobile wallet consumers will use. The applicants want to put up their digital offerings head to head with Apple Pay, and let the market and individual consumers decide which best suits their needs. According to the banks, full access to NFC on iPhone devices "would enable the delivery of substantial public benefits to Australian consumers," across a variety of categories other than mobile payments, including loyalty programs, member security, and other NFC-related cases. Because of these benefits, the banks said they they "have again been supported by nearly all of Australia's leading retailers." Last week, Apple responded to the Australian banks' continued obstruction of Apple Pay by saying it was damaging to consumers and small business alike, ultimately referring to their request for access to NFC as a potentially hazardous "Trojan horse" scenario. In today's applications, the banks referred to Apple's comments as a "conspiracy theory" and dismissed it as "fantasy."The applicants flatly reject Apple’s unsupported assertions that the application is about an objection to the fees that Apple wishes to impose, rather than NFC access. Apple’s conspiracy theories about “Trojan horse fees” are similarly dismissed by the applicants as fantasy. According to Blockley, who spoke on behalf of the banks, the NFC-targeted application is not an attempt to delay Apple Pay's wider support in Australia as it would be offered alongside other mobile wallets -- similar to how Android supports open access to the NFC function. "Any delay or frustration will be as a result of Apple refusing to negotiate," Blockley said.Related Roundup: Apple Pay Tag: Australia Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Bloomberg Global Business - 1 week ago< > Embed Does Australia's Debt Pile Signal a Possible Crisis? 01:55 Feb.07 -- Australia’s households are among the world’s most indebted after bingeing on more than A$1 trillion ($766 billion) of mortgages amid a housing boom that’s fizzled out in parts of the country, but still roaring in Sydney and Melbourne. Bloomberg's Chris Bourke has more on "Bloomberg... Recent related news Australian banks eliminate fee demands, focus legal assault on opening up Apple Pay NFC techThe four Australian banks at the core of the ongoing debate about opening up Apple Pay in the country have narrowed down their demands after being snubbed by the... AppleInsider 3 days ago - Computer Industry Australian Banks Tell Apple – It’s Not About Your Fees, It’s About Access to NFCSYDNEY & MELBOURNE, Australia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Australian Banks Tell Apple – It’s Not About Your Fees for Apple Pay, It’s About Access to NFC Business Wire 3 days ago - Press Releases Apple's fight with big banks is getting even nastier, and it was already nastyApple is not happy, not happy at all. In its latest submission to Australia's competition watchdog, the company accused some of Australia's largest banks of... Mashable 1 week ago - Internet Apple Pay VP says Australian banks short-circuited adoption by sidestepping talksThe VP in charge of Apple Pay, Jennifer Bailey, criticized hold-out Australian banks in an interview published on Friday, arguing that they were too quick to... AppleInsider 6 days ago - Computer Industry Australian banks narrow focus of Apple Pay collective bargaining requestSYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian banks seeking permission from the country's competition regulator to bargain collectively with Apple Inc over its mobile payment... Reuters 3 days ago - Technology Australian banks fight back over Apple Pay 'fantasy' claimsThe group of Australian banks fighting it out with Apple over the introduction of the consumer elect... Finextra 3 days ago - Business Apple Pay to support cards from ING, Macquarie in Australia next monthAs Apple fights off regulatory attacks from Australia's "big three" banks in its bid to widen Apple Pay adoption in the region, major international brands ING... AppleInsider 6 days ago - Computer IndustryAlso reported by •Reuters Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple PayApple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey... MacRumours.com 6 days ago - Computer Industry You Might Like Other recent news in Computer Industry Comcast's XFINITY STREAM app will bring live TV, Xfinity X1 features to your mobile device YAHOO WARNS users of account breaches related to recent attacks Vertigo now lets Apple Music members share playlists with friends on SPOTIFY Sony Discontinuing PLAYSTATION NOW on PS3, Vita iPhone 8 to Feature 5.8-Inch OLED DISPLAY With 5.15-Inch Main Screen and Virtual Buttons Below Prefer 2D Zelda Games? NINTENDO SWITCH May Get One Progress on bringing Apple Pay to SOUTH KOREA 'still in an early stage' Police arrest gang who stole iPhones from MADRID Apple store by chewing security cables Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Roddy Piper José Mourinho Kanye West Barack Obama Current Topics Half Brother Malaysia Arrests Fox News Increase Spending Stuart McLean Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories The Nokia Comeback Rolls On - As An Old Favorite Returns Who Won Big At The 2017 BAFTAs? Remembering Al Jarreau Will British Citizens Get EU Passports? MOVIE REVIEW: The Founder Is YouTube Going Offline? No, Not In That Way MOVIE REVIEW: Christine Is Marvel's Biggest Cinematic Hit On The Horizon? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1222 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Film Hot topics: Golden Globes Winners Carol Vorderman Emma Watson EastEnders Tops Sir Bruce Forsyth List Amanda Holden Angelina Jolie Close Sections Home Celebrities Celeb news Celebrity babies Celebrity couples Michelle Keegan The Beckhams Cheryl Andy Murray Royalty Royal news The Queen Kate Middleton Prince William Prince Harry Prince George Princess Charlotte Prince Charles William and Kate Fashion HELLO! Fashion Kate Middleton style Street Style Weddings Brides news Celebrity weddings Wedding dresses Wedding hub Babies Babies news Celebrity babies Health & Beauty Health & Beauty news Make up Skincare Hair Health & fitness Body weight calculator Stay in shape Phototype Food Food news Recipes Travel TV & Film TV & Film news X Factor Strictly Come Dancing I'm a Celebrity Great British Bake Off Blogs Videos Search The Carpool Karaoke Series trailer is here – see which celebrities are joining James Corden February 13, 2017 by Ainhoa Barcelona James Corden will star in Carpool Karaoke: The Series, run by Apple Music, alongside a whole host of famous faces – watch the trailer here It's official! Carpool Karaoke: The Series is coming soon, with James Corden and a whole host of famous faces getting involved. The trailer for the new show, a spin-off of the Late Late Show segment, is being produced by Apple Music and will follow the same format as the original – sort of. James will take the wheel in one episode, with Will Smith as his passenger, but other episodes will feature a range of celebrities. Best moments from the Grammys hosted by James Corden John Legend, Alicia Keys, Ariana Grande, Chelsea Handler and Seth MacFarlane have all starred in the trailer for the first series, as well as Metallica, Michael Strahan, Jeff Gordon, basketball star Shaquille O'Neal, wrestler and rapper John Cena and more. Like the original, the celebrities will drive around in their car, but go one step further and take part in skits and surprises. The sneak-peek shows James Corden and Will Smith stopping traffic in one episode, and even crashing a wedding, while another shows Alicia Keys and John Legend singing with a gospel choir in a launderette. James Corden's parents celebrated their 45th wedding anniversary at the Grammys Last summer Carpool Karaoke announced its plans to collaborate with Apple Music. James Corden, who will still feature the original Carpool Karaoke segment on his show, and executive producer Ben Winston said in a statement: "The joy of Carpool is both the intimacy it creates, while seeing the love our passengers have for music. Where better to showcase that than with Apple Music." George Michael was James' first guest on Carpool Karaoke "We love music, and Carpool Karaoke celebrates it in a fun and unique way that is a hit with audiences of all ages," Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of internet software and services, said in a statement. "It's a perfect fit for Apple Music – bringing subscribers exclusive access to their favourite artists and celebrities who come along for the ride." Sign up to our Newsletter HERE! Latest comments Leave your comment: You will reply to , if you prefer, Type here Please note, all comments are those of readers and do not represent the opinion of Hellomagazine.com Hellomagazine.com reserves the right to remove comments it considers offensive or not relevant Please focus on the topic To comment you must be registered at hellomagazine.com Log in to comment © 2000-2017, HELLO! Site Info Newsletter Privacy policy UK/Canadian Magazine Subscriptions Legal Advertise Contact Follow us on Facebook Follow us on twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Google Plus Follow us on Pinterest Contact Ir a inicio LOG IN Log out US SpainES MexicoMX USAUS ArgentinaAR United KingdomUK USAUS CanadaCA RussiaRU TV United KingdomUK USAUS Home Celebrities Celebrity News Celebrity Couples Celebrity Kids Biographies Royalty Royal News Royal Babies & Kids Queen Elizabeth II Young Royals Queen Letizia Royal Style William & Kate William & Kate News Prince William Prince George Princess Charlotte Kate Middleton Fashion Fashion News Kate Middleton Style Weddings Weddings News Royal weddings Celebrity Weddings Celebrity Couples Health & Beauty Health & Beauty News Mother & Baby Health & Fitness Makeup Hair Skincare Men Lifestyle Lifestyle News Cuisine Travel Horoscopes Entertainment Newsletter Follow us on facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Contact Privacy policy UK/Canadian Magazine Subscriptions Legal Advertise © 2000-2017, HELLO! LOG IN Log out HELLO! Search Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Finally! iPhone 8 will feature a 'significantly larger battery' - but you might have to pay extra to charge it wirelessly iPhone 8 could have a 2,700 mAh battery, which is found in the iPhone 7 Plus  Will use a stacked mainboard, which allows for an edge-to-edge OLED display Top-end device will have wireless charging, but users have to buy an accessory By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 14:50 EST, 13 February 2017 | Updated: 15:20 EST, 13 February 2017 e-mail 27 shares 37 View comments It is the news iPhone owners have been wanting to hear - Apple is planning to pack a larger battery inside its highly-anticipated iPhone 8. A new report has suggests that a 2,700 mAh battery will be used in the 4.7-inch handset – putting the battery capacity on par with the firm's current iPhone 7 Plus. The Cupertino firm, which today officially joined a wireless charging industry group in the clearest hint yet the new phones will include wireless charging, may require users of the two lower cost handsets to buy a charger separately. Scroll down for video  Apple is set to pack a larger battery inside its highly-anticipated iPhone 8. A new report has suggests that a 2,700 mAh battery will be used in the 4.7-inch handset (middle) – putting the battery capacity on par with the current iPhone 7 Plus and allowing for an OLED display  LARGER BATTERY  Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has revealed that Apple plans to put a larger battery in the 4.7-inch iPhone 8. Kuo explained that it will be designed with a 2,700 mAh battery - putting its battery capacity on par with the iPhone 7 Plus. Will use a 'substrate-like PCB mainboard', which will allow the firm to implement an OLED display in the flagship handset. The new components are believed to be much more expensive in anything used in an iPhone before, which could increase manufacturing costs by 80 percent.  However, it was revealed last week that iOS users should expect to pay a hefty price tag for their next iPhone. The news was leaked by analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who also said the battery life of the 4.7-inch iPhone 8 might end up being better than the 5.5-inch iPhone.  The report said that the new lower end handsets, which could be called the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, will use a new 'stacked' motherboard, which is smaller - leaving more room for a battery. This will 'make it comparable to their iPhone 7 and 7 Plus counterparts,' reports 9to5Mac.   'Thanks to stacked SLP, we expect the OLED iPhone to have similar dimensions to a 4.7' TFT-LCD iPhone, and have comparable battery capacity (equipped with around 2,700 mAh L-shaped 2-cell battery pack) to a 5.5' TFT-LCD iPhone.' 'The battery life of the OLED iPhone could be better than that of the 5.5' TFT-LCD model as OLED panels are more energy-efficient than their TFT-LCD counterparts.'  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Are YOU a ¿Netflix cheater'? 46% of couples around the world... Apple's Tim Cook claims augmented reality will rival the... Apple may have stored 'deleted' Safari searches in iCloud:... 'They have given me freedom': The heartwarming moment a... Share this article Share 27 shares The second most popular rumor regarding the iPhone 8 has been about the use of wireless charging. The rumor surfaced in November, suggesting Foxconn Technology Group in New Taipei City, Taiwan is making wireless charging modules to go with Apple's next iPhone. It was revealed on Monday that Apple is now one of the 213 members of the Wireless Power Constortium, which promotes a single standard of wireless charging known as Qi – technology already used in the Apple Watch. The news was reported by analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who also said the battery life of the 4.7-inch iPhone 8 might end up having a better could be better than the 5.5-inch iPhone (pictured is artist impression) And as the firm is expected to release three new smartphones this year, only the top-end model will have the feature. However, latest news about Apple’s move to implement wireless charging may not make its users that happy, as you may need to purchase an additional accessory to use it. A new Macotakara report has claimed that Apple’s next-generation handset won’t come boxed with the charging adapter needed to utilize the phone’s inbuilt wireless charging capabilities.  The new components and features are also much more expensive in anything used in an iPhone before, which could increase manufacturing costs by 80 percent. IPHONE 8 RUMORS   Several rumors have been circulating about the iPhone 8, and suggest the next device may have: - Dual-lens 3D camera  - Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings  - Curved glass casing - Plastic OLED screen  - Wireless charging  - A folding element  - New 5 inch (12.7 centimeter) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimeter) model, which will have a wraparound OLED screen  - 5.8 inch will be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass and in the active display area' - A new 'pure white' model  - Aluminum back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle  - Facial recognition However, it was revealed last week that iOS users should expect to pay a hefty price tag for their next iPhone.   Fast Company reported that Apple's 'iPhone 8' will cost users more than $1,000 (£800) – making it the most expensive handset the firm has ever produced. And it is all of the cutting-edge features that are said to ultimately double the price. Surpassing the $1,000 (£800) mark may sound outrageous, but Apple has already released a smartphone that gets close to the price – the 256GB version of the iPhone 7 Plus costs $969 (£919). However, 'the new iPhone 8 is expected to be packed with many more features,' reports Mark Sullivan with Fast Company. Kuo explained that Apple plans to use a 'substrate-like PCB mainboard', which will allow the firm to implement an OLED display in the flagship handset. However, this technology and other cutting edge feature will increase manufacturing costs by 80% Sources that revealed the large price tag to Sullivan and shared a few details of the device. There are mixed feelings about the name for Apple's 5.8-inch phone, as some say it will be called the 'iPhone 8', while others suggest 'iPhone X'. Regardless, it is said to 'look something like a smooth black monolith, with few visual interruptions to its sleek design,' explained Sullivan. The firm is also rumored to be launching two other smartphones along with the iPhone 8 – a 4.7-inch (the iPhone 7s) and a 5.5-inch (the iPhone 7s Plus). Both the 5.5-inch model and the 5.8-inch model are believed to be equipped with the same camera used in the iPhone 7 Plus – the dual-lens camera. All three new iPhones, the two iterative models and the radically new OLED iPhone '8', are expected to be announced by Apple in the fall.  The OLED display has also been rumored to be an edge-to-edge screen and have 3D sensing to recognize the user's face. Rumors surrounding the iPhone 8 began sweeping the web just a few months after Apple released the iPhone 7 line. And although the iPhone 7 sold out in a week, many saw it as nothing more than a refreshed iPhone 6 – which has put some pressure on Apple to impress its users. However, the rumors suggest that the Cupertino company is pulling out all the stops for the iPhone 8 family. It is believed that the Touch ID finger print sensor under the glass and in the active display area. And Apple could keep with its theme of cutting cables and designed the handsets with a mid-range wireless charging transmitter which could work over distances up to 15 feet (4.5 meters). It was first revealed by an Apple supply chain that the firm is ditching the aluminum back cover and replacing it with a stainless steel forging process that brings together two reinforced glass panels supported by a metal frame.        Read more: Here's Why Apple's 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost More Than $1,000 | Fast Company | Business + Innovation KGI: OLED iPhone 8 to be similar physical size to 4.7 inch iPhone 7, with significantly larger battery | 9to5Mac ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿iPhone¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿ ... Share or comment on this article e-mail 27 shares Most watched News videos Moment ISIS suicide attacker detonates bomb near Syrian rebels Dog CRIES after being told off for chewing sofa into pieces Redback spider catches brown snake in it's web and attacks it Terrifying moment deadly Chicago ambush captured on Facebook live Shocking moment a model poses on the ledge of very tall skyscraper Social Experiment: Would you breastfeed a stranger's baby? Final moments of radio broadcast before Dominican Rep DJ shot dead CCTV shows Kim Jong Un's 'female assassin' sent to kill half-brother Deputy Cody Williams and young boy in adorable dance-off Donald and Melania welcome Israeli PM and wife at White House ISIS video of boys from Yazidi area of Iraq 'on suicide mission' Brutal moment James Arthur is smashed in the head by thug Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer:... Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning... Make-up artist, 22, and her boyfriend, 22, agree that SHE... Assassin in a mini skirt? How the chillingly audacious... Motorist is branded a hero by other drivers after parking... Murder squad close a city centre McDonald's as boy, 17,... Model of stupidity! Stunning Russian Instagram queen... Tree surgeon father-of-one, 31, dies when his CHAINSAW... A 'criminal' attack on 'a wonderful man': Trump ramps up... Group of strictly Orthodox Jewish men cause 'absolute... Moment two-year-old boy was shot dead on Facebook Live:... Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour: Her... 'One day, Leny kissed me': Amanda Knox opens up about... Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to... Ex-NHL star Mike Comrie who was married to Hilary Duff is... Redback v snake: Extraordinary moment a spider takes on a... Mother of murdered schoolgirl Billie-Jo Jenkins calls for... Trump's Labor pick Andrew Puzder officially withdraws his... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (37) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate... The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions'... 400-year-old temple is revealed after decades underwater as drought drains the Mexican lake which flooded... Brightly-lit orange UFO filmed hovering over French coastal town baffles residents Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission... Can YOU spot Planet 9? NASA launches new website for 'armchair astronomers' to sift through telescope data Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to... Tesla boss Elon Musk backs a 'basic income' for everyone because robots will take away our jobs leaving us... The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai New study reveals 30 foot high 'megawaves' are more common than thought - and could soon put coastal towns... Paving over gardens hits city butterflies: Numbers of 25 species decline faster in urban areas than in the... Life in Earth's oceans bounced back far more quickly than thought after world's worst mass extinction Monkeys and dogs BOTH judge humans on how they treat others - and prefer fairer people The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical lightweight metal foam attack plane with a... The robot bee that could pollinate the Earth's plants: Student designs drone that mimics cross-pollination... MORE HEADLINES A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate CHAOS The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Don't panic! Earth's protective shield WON'T vanish: Minerals in Iron Age clay jars suggest the magnetic field has always fluctuated The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions' each year on defence, top astrophysicist warns  The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical lightweight metal foam attack plane with a PROPELLER Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission of new Orion capsule - the first time humans have left low orbit since 1972 Battle of the beasties: Horrifying footage shows a huge wasp drag a paralysed wolf spider to its death Is YOUR boss tracking you? Firms are installing creepy hidden sensors to monitor your every move around the office Will the UAE be the first to set up a CITY on Mars? Stunning images reveal plans for a colony on the red planet by 2117 Rare spearhead and sword are among the stunning Bronze Age treasures dug up at a Scottish building site in a 'find of a lifetime' Airbus and Oracle unveil the 'flying yacht' set to try and retain America's Cup for the US Rolling with the punches: Flat footed fighters have an evolutionary advantage when it comes to combat Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to relieve themselves in orbit Catastrophic drought in Syria created the 'perfect storm' for political turmoil - and minerals in ancient caves suggest the worst is yet to come Lift off! India successfully launches 104 satellites from a single rocket - almost TRIPLE the previous record set by Russia MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show Season five collection Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Looked sensational Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle Hoping  LA is kinder  Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  A passionate performance  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Fractured friendship  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren was out with her girls in the Big Apple  Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  Keeping busy  Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection 'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE  music video Fifty Shades Darker tops the Valentine's Day box office as R-rated erotic sequel earns $11 million  Film fans were in the mood for love Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show Kept up with appearances A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania, 11, walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode More drama Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Loving the single life  Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, George Clooney is understandably anxious  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Slinky swimwear  Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Left The Mercer Hotel Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Teen daughter was the center of attention  Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Proud mother  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host to Kanye Ivanka joins Melania and Sara Netanyahu for press conference but leaves them alone to visit new Smithsonian African American history museum   Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship The blonde actress, 38 She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York It's a big day for Kimye A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Looking stunning  'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Coordinated their looks Harrison Ford is seen for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA say the investiation will be delayed  Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker 'She's a remarkable broadcaster and a real force': Matt Lauer heaps praise on NBC hire Megyn Kelly in rare interview but goes quiet about Ann Curry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Out and about looking smart casual  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show The actress stole the show  Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size Things got out of hand Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Still rocks the red carpet Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent 'Punished for a joke' 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues Magnificent Melania:  First Lady wears stunning skirt suit in her first official appearance at White House since Trump was sworn in as president 'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Showed off her locks  Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Mixed vintage  Porsche employee accused of joking about the crash that killed Paul Walker because it boosted the value of other 'rare' Carrera GTs cars Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show Wore a white ruched dress 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show Treats for everyone  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she did her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' A stressed-looking Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at New York Fashion Week... following 'disastrous' show last fall Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid Stunning as always  Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl bet with the random fan who asked her for a date on Twitter if the Patriots won  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to Kanye's latest New York Fashion Week Yeezy 5 show as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent Patience! The REAL reason Guns N' Roses kept fans waiting at Melbourne gig - as Axl Rose's band mates begged him to hurry up Notorious hellraiser  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave her 58.7m followers a treat  Breathing in Morocco! Shanina Shaik smokes hookah and visits souk during exotic high fashion shoot in Marrakesh In-demand model  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Two broke off their engagement in July Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at the lavish Four Seasons resort  Susan Sarandon among the celebs enjoying S&M-themed cabaret at risque New York nightclub The Box - as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin'  Publisher claims he has 75,000 word manuscript of Mick Jagger's autobiography written during the 1980s... but he doesn't remember writing it! New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Looked on good form with her new hairstyle 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Fascinating revelations   Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Was on The Late Late Show earlier in the week Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Wowed on the street 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it happening Pregnant Natalie Portman looks ready to pop as she goes for a hike with mother Shelley in Los Feliz It'll be a second child for the 35-year-old actress Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than $620k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  The Hello star is having another fine year  Tamron Hall back at work shooting new season of Deadline Crime after hitting up the Super Bowl and Grammys after vacation following NBC exit 'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Victoria's Secret star Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Club is the Pink Pony 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Best friends with Kendall Jenner for two years 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Standing up for her belief No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport She proved she can look good anywhere, anytime Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Was ready for spring on in New York 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? Growing family  'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue All is not well  Soldiering on! Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first NYFW show since his breakdown She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper The Shake It Up! actress  What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week Went from flirty in floral to black and white Breaking boundaries! Hijab-wearing model makes her runway debut at Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show during New York Fashion Week  Courtney Stodden forgets about her broken marriage as she celebrates Valentine's Day with Heather Locklear's plastic surgeon ex Marc Mani EXCLUSIVE: Star Trek actor William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by Florida radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Family affair! Lucky Blue Smith and his three stunning sisters star in new H&M Coachella campaign playing as their band The Atomics Model plays drums 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London subway system for 'body shaming' young women  Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Was shooting the final scene of the new film i 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day She's 37, he's 33 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election The 30-year-old Girls star stood up for her pal  Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone The blonde singer Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Looked very chic  Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post The 34-year-old singer Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a sidewalk pileup  Kesha submits damning emails in court case against 'abuser' Dr. Luke who slammed her for drinking Diet Coke and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman The Thelma & Louise star talked candidly  All caught up! As fishnets become a staple on the runway and with stars like Kylie Jenner, FEMAIL reveals how to pull off the sexy knit in real life Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall movie role The 46-year-old says his kids  'loved' the look Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his condo in West Los Angeles' Seven Year Switch husband storms away from his angry wife after she watches footage of him telling experimental spouse that he is ATTRACTED to her 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Revealed shock news on social media Bethenny Frankel spends Valentine's Day with new man after revealing she's not serious with Dennis Shields... and still needs to 'heal' after divorce Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Los Angeles Lakers basketball game on Valentine's Day Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows senator a KISS during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for bromance money Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show The 18-year-old teased her Instagram followers  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue that was meant to celebrate diversity Models off duty! As NYFW comes to an end, FEMAIL highlights the most enviable street style outfits of Hailey Baldwin, Bella Hadid and more EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein stumbled heading to court where assault charges are dropped over brawl with boyfriend Lloyd Klein 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGIZES after claiming Beyonce is 'beautiful to look at but not a singer' U-turn on his comments Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer top as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection The 35-year-old actress  EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided Yves Montand was baby's father - not husband Arthur Miller Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book The A-list lensman  'No-one is safe!' Internet goes wild for memes of celebrities from Ivanka Trump to Emma Watson gazing longingly at  Justin Trudeau Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant statement in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Red hot Selena Gomez showcases her incredibly toned legs and sculpted physique in sexy high-slit dress The 24-year-old looked stunning in NYC 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Actress Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  'It's important for my daughters to know that it's not real life.': Blake Lively says having little girls changed her view of how beauty is portrayed in the media Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day pizza dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  Looking good at 70! Rocky star Sylvester Stallone gets his enviably thick locks styled at salon... after 'brutal' Pilates session with daughter Recording Academy boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors NYFW show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap Rob Kardashian's 28-year-old fiancée  'I was just so thrilled!' Transgender teen responds to Laverne Cox mentioning his upcoming Supreme Court bathroom policy case at Grammys  Cops illegally searched the home of Sandra Bullock's stalker and now prosecutors won't be able to use guns seized at the house during trial 'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Sat front and center Feeling blue? Singer Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista... in a VERY skimpy ensemble Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date in NYC after nearly 20 years of marriage That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian post image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show The look of love One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Keeping body in shape Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky black tasseled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Not runway ready! Model Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing a dazzling blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today The blonde bombshells 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Beauty battled haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris The 39-year-old Hollywood actress Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals Puppy love!  Dancing With the Stars' Julianne Hough takes her pooch along as she goes for a hike with her mom in Los Angeles Showed off her legs 'Classy way to put someone in their place!' Britney's fans go wild as she 'throws shade' at Katy Perry with Bible verse after singer's 'shaved head' comment  Mika's moving on: Morning Joe co-host puts her New York mansion on sale for $2million after divorcing her husband after 22 years of marriage 'People push me into a corner... I'm no expert': Emma Watson reveals she fell into a 'sulk' after feminism backlash... and even struggled to get out of bed Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Charm runs in the family! Pierce Brosnan's model son Dylan, 20  treats his pretty girlfriend to a romantic dinner date  Singing Out Loud! Ed Sheeran leaves his CUTEST fan speechless after sneaking up behind him as he serenades Ellen DeGeneres with his song The Duchess of Cambridge's facialist reveals unlikely secrets behind Kate's red carpet glow - including chocolate spread and porridge oats 'Who thought a sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict Cumberbatch reveals his delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favorite BBC character  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer: Devastated sister reveals did NOT have a brain tumor and 'had plans' for future Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress as she joins glam co-star Susan Sarandon, 70, at Feud event in NYC 'I'm always looking for ways to help': Paris Hilton donates 50 items including a snowboard for auction benefiting two children's charities The blonde socialite 'Stronger than ever': Larsa and Scottie Pippen pose in Valentine's Day family shot after 'halting divorce proceedings'  Trying to work it out  Showing her stripes! Queen Letizia of Spain looks demure in a ballet-length skirt and chic pinstripe blouse as she welcomes guests at her Madrid palace Naomi Watts goes NAKED to play widowed child psychologist in creepy thriller Shut In... and becomes convinced a ghost has taken over her house Model Winnie Harlow debuts new perm as she puts on a daring display in a racy bandeau co-ord set at fashion party in New York Former ANTM contestant 'Love and peace to everyone!' Jonathan Rhys Meyers and fiancée Mara Lane share FIRST image of baby son Wolf... two months after home birth Third time's a charm! Bombshell Kate Upton poses topless on cover of 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue after claims of 'diva' behavior 'I don't remember this': Lisa Rinna claims memory lapse when confronted by Kyle Richards in Mexico on RHOBH The 53-year-old sobbed  Ashley Graham shares nude snap from her Lane Bryan Collection photo shoot  The 28-year-old is seen posing with her hands covering her breasts  'Don't bother with the first episode as I'm not in it': Charlie Higson confirms season three of Broadchurch will return to TV screens later this month  He's behind you! Prince Charles accidentally photobombs rock band Kasabian's guitarist on a visit to a country pub in western England The 68-year-old royal Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary pokes fun at the couple's 18 year age gap during romantic  getaway amid bitter custody row  Is that you Pansy Parkinson? Harry Potter actress Scarlett Byrne poses for Playboy magazine as she declares 'naked is normal' Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan The 34-year-old actress was out with her son Fancy seeing you here! Guns N' Roses drummer Frank Ferrer takes part in an impromptu jam session at Brisbane bar with locals unaware of his fame Kendall Jenner is the picture of glamour in chic suit and fur coat as she gets a new piercing at jewelry store in New York City after TV appearance 'Rest in peace, my love': Ricki Lake takes to Instagram to announce death of ex-husband Christian Evans He had bipolar disorder Thousands of floral tributes left in honor of George Michael outside his London home are cleared away in trash bags seven weeks after the singer's death She's hot for romance! Ariel Winter dares to bare on with two racy ensembles and a provocative Instagram post The 19-year-old actress TV cook Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on The Great British Bake Off... as it's revealed she had 13-year affair with hubby of mom's best friend Cheeky! Paris Hilton leaves little to the imagination in silver panel dress with completely sheer sides at The Blonds NYFW runway show 'She wasn't interested': Emma Watson accused of 'diva behavior' after arriving at ELLE Style Awards 90 minutes late and snubbing the red carpet Madonna's fans are left feeling scared after 'sick' star posts 'evil looking' video of herself singing Valentine's song while recuperating in bed in her nightgown 'Bubbles!' Mariah Carey enjoys a sexy Valentine's Day dip in the hot tub with beau Bryan Tanaka Flaunted her romance with her younger hunk Chrissy Teigen shows off some major cleavage in a tiny lace bralet and smart suit as she joins husband John Legend for Valentine's date night Together for seven years  Babysitting A team! Kourtney Kardashian and Kris Jenner take North shopping while Kim and Kanye are in New York for Fashion Week Bound 2 look sexy on Valentine's Day! Kim Kardashian puts on a busty display for romantic meal with Kanye West at NYC's Carbone restaurant 'Do I look like I wait?' Erika Girardi endorses sex on the first date during Valentine's Day appearance on Watch What Happens Live The 45-year-old star  Demi Lovato sizzles in cleavage-baring catsuit and gold dress in racy Snapchats Singer performed in two alluring outfits which she shared on Snapchat  Serena Williams loves her quirky Valentine's Day gift from 'techie' fiancé Alexis Ohanian The Reddit co-founder chose some unusual for the tennis legend That's a wrap! Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling film upcoming Disney movie A Wrinkle In Time in New Zealand Picturesque backdrop 'What the f***!' Kim Zolciack grabs a handful of husband Kroy's crotch in front of teen daughter Brielle Real Housewife couldn't hide her affection Beautiful in blue! Shailene Woodley looks stunning in a sheer dress on Late Night With Seth Meyers The 25-year-old former child star What's new pussycat? Tom's dating Priscilla! As ALISON BOSHOFF reveals, from paternity suits to plastic surgery, they share more than a love of Elvis  It's a girl! Supergirl star Laura Benanti welcomes first child with husband Patrick Brown on Valentine's Day Named her Ella Rose REIDy to party! Tara looks a little bleary-eyed as she hits Tape nightclub with a gal pal after attending Drake's London gig The 41-year-old actress Nicole Murphy, 49, shows taut tummy in cropped T-shirt while picking up pet supplies with cute dog in Beverly Hills Eddie Murphy's model ex 'Classy and fabulous!' Kendall Jenner is the quintessential Chanel girl as she wears a striking ensemble from the fashion house on the Tonight Show Makeup-free Rita Ora shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure on Valentine's Day The America's Next Top Model host Tender moments! Gigi Hadid posts intimate photo with Zayn Malik announcing the two celebrate Valentine's Day 'everyday'  Displayed her devotion  Who wore it best? Miley Cyrus shares hilarious photoshopped picture of her and fiance Liam Hemsworth wearing the same dress on Valentine's Day 'It was f***ing terrifying!' Drew Barrymore 'almost died' suffering concussion during stunt for zombie series Santa Clarita Diet Suffered a head injury From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story NASA rockets to create artificial clouds over Alaska in mission to measure an aurora 9 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation Apple CEO Wants Tech Solution for ‘Fake News’ He Says Is ‘Killing Minds’ Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Apple CEO Wants Tech Solution for ‘Fake News’ He Says Is ‘Killing Minds’ Posted at 2:13 pm on February 13, 2017 by Jim Jamitis Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Apple CEO Tim Cook is the latest figure to attack the “fake news” boogeyman. Cook is calling for technological solutions to the much hyped online problem. Although the election is over, the problem of fake news isn’t. Apple CEO Tim Cook said it’s time to do something about it. “All of us technology companies need to create some tools that help diminish the volume of fake news,” Cook said in an interview with the Daily Telegraph on Friday. “Fake news” has become one of the more annoying buzz phrases in recent years. It is one of those terms like “establishment” that has as many definitions as it does people using it in political speeches or commentary. In many cases it has become—like accusations of racism—little more than a means of dismissing inconvenient information and shutting down an argument. There are actual fake news stories being spread but the term is now applied by some to anything they prefer not to believe. Tim Cook says that the proliferation of fake news is “killing people’s minds.” Differentiating between fact-checked news and stories that are written to deceive has proven difficult for online readers. Cook is wrong that fake news is killing minds. He has the cause and effect reversed. Minds that have abandoned critical thinking and skepticism and have chosen to believe and spread stories that affirm their biases–without regard for whether the stories are true—are to blame for the proliferation of false information on social media. Bogus information is finding fertile ground in minds that are already dead. Hysteria over fake news is damaging minds more than the fake news itself. Trending Did Netanyahu Just Tell Us What A Two-State Solution Looks Like? | RedState streiff I’m skeptical that there will be a technological solution to any of this. It’s a cultural problem. When you’re in the tech businesses though, you see every problem as a tech problem. “We are going through this period of time right here where unfortunately some of the people that are winning are the people that spend their time trying to get the most clicks, not tell the most truth,” Cook said in the interview. He is right about that. Clicks have become more important than truth because clicks are what make money. This is no different than traditional media though. Ratings are what makes money on television and radio. Circulation is key for print media. The only solution is for people to stop rewarding media sources who don’t tell the truth. That’s a tall order when most people are only looking for confirmation of their preconceptions. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: apple fake news media bias Tim Cook Recent Stories Mattis To NATO: “Americans cannot care more for your children’s future security than you do” streiff Kid Rock for Senate? How About No? Jim Jamitis Teacher Proud of Attacking Free Speech at Berkeley Amelia Hamilton COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending Trump Needs To Either Shutdown the Pro-Obama Leakers Or He Needs To Resign Jake Tapper Schools Trump On Difference Between News And Conspiracy Theories Paul-Sanford ObamaCare Repeal Bill Gains Support From House Freedom Caucus Did Netanyahu Just Tell Us What A Two-State Solution Looks Like? Admiral Robert Harward To Be New National Security Adviser Admiral Robert Harward To Be New National Security Adviser streiff Jake Tapper Schools Trump On Difference Between News And Conspiracy Theories Susan Wright REPORT. Steve Bannon Seriously Torqued By Breitbart Reporting streiff CNN Sob Story: Mexicans Will Be Unemployed if Trump Brings Manufacturing Jobs Back to U.S. Jim Jamitis BREAKING. Andy Puzder To Withdraw His Nomination As Labor Secretary streiff Trump Uncorks Twitter Rant Over Intelligence Leaks, ‘Fake News,’ and ‘Conspiracy Theories’ Jim Jamitis Related Stories Trump Asked For Flynn’s Resignation But Complains About ‘Unfair,’ ‘Fake Media’ Coverage (VIDEO) Jay Caruso Clowns to the Left of Me, Jokers to the Right… Is Anyone Trustworthy Anymore? Jim Jamitis Trending on Townhall Media Mika Brzezinski: Kellyanne Conway is barred from “Morning Joe” for lacking credibility « Hot Air hotair.com George Soros: Top 10 Reasons He Is Dangerous | Human Events humanevents.com How to Make Money from the Remarkable Rise of China’s Internet finance.townhall.com Tactical Response BANNED After Instructor Negligently Discharges Into Student's Truck bearingarms.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Can the iPhone 8 compete with a Galaxy S8 that looks like this? Image Source: Benjamin Geskin Zach Epstein @zacharye February 13th, 2017 at 10:55 AM Share Tweet The past few months of leaks and rumors have painted quite a picture of Apple’s next-generation iPhone 8. The device is expected to sport a huge redesign that replaces Apple’s aluminum iPhone housing with a glass sandwich design, wireless charging will finally debut on the iPhone 8, and the LCD displays Apple has been using for a decade will apparently be swapped out with an OLED that has curved edges on either side. If those sleek new design elements sound familiar, it’s probably because they’re not new at all. While Apple’s new iPhone will undoubtedly feature a different look, the big changes that keep popping up in reports sound just like the design we’ve seen for the past couple of years on Samsung’s flagship smartphones. Are the tables turning? Samsung built an empire by copying Apple’s iPhone pixel by pixel, but now it sounds like Apple has taken a fair amount of inspiration from Samsung. If these new images of the next-generation Galaxy S8 are accurate, however, Apple may have some trouble improving on a design that Samsung seems to have perfected. Don't Miss: Report may reveal another new iPhone 8 feature never before seen on any iPhone Apple has always been a leader when it comes to smartphone design — even when the company is following — and we’re expecting more great things from the iPhone 8 when it debuts in the late summer this year. Competition has been getting tighter at the top, however, and this year it looks like Samsung will make its strongest showing yet. We’ve seen the Galaxy S8 in a number of leaks as we inch closer to the phone’s announcement in late March. In fact, we may have gotten our first look at a fully functional Galaxy S8 last week in a leaked photo. The full finished product has eluded us thus far, but 3D schematics have leaked so there’s precious little we don’t know at this point. With that in mind, a new series of renders from DesignWoOS could be our best look yet at what’s to come from Samsung next month. In a blog post on Monday, the site created a huge batch of renders based on all the leaks we’ve seen and read so far. The results are… stunning. The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ seen here feature the larger all-screen designs we’ve been reading so much about, and the home button has been removed to help narrow the bezel beneath the display. The fingerprint scanner has been moved around back as a result, and the overall design appears to be an iterative but beautiful advancement of last year’s Galaxy S7 edge. A few of the site’s renders follow below, and the rest can be seen in DesignWoOS’s blog post. Tags: Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8 Plus, Samsung View Comments Trending 1 Tech Pioneer’s new headphones solve the iPhone 7’s dumbest problem 2 Tech Samsung is about to announce the Galaxy S8’s launch date 3 Politics Apple CFO pours cold water on Trump’s grand iPhone plans 4 Tech T-Mobile’s coverage is getting way better in 2017 5 Tech Fresh new Amazon Tap update might make the Echo obsolete Picked For You The biggest caveats in Verizon’s new ‘unlimited’ plan By Zach Epstein February 14th at 10:31 AM This tiny box lets Alexa control anything that plugs into a wall By Maren Estrada February 14th at 5:06 PM Mesh is the hottest trend in home Wi-Fi, so we tested every top system to find the best By Zach Epstein February 14th at 9:41 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Behance One of the iPhone 8’s hottest new features might not even work out of the box Yoni Heisler @edibleapple February 13th, 2017 at 1:15 PM Share Tweet With reports that Apple has plans to begin mass production of the iPhone 8 a little bit earlier than usual, it’s no surprise that we’re starting to see a noticeable uptick in the number of iPhone rumors coming through the pipeline. The most recent update via Macotakara may shed some new light on Apple’s plans to incorporate wireless charging on its next-gen iPhone, one of the device’s long-rumored flagship features. Citing “reliable” sources within Apple’s supply chain, the report claims that of Apple’s three rumored iPhone 8 models, only the flagship device — the one featuring the edgeless OLED display — will come equipped with wireless charging. The downside is that wireless charging will reportedly not be a feature users can take advantage of right of the box. Instead, wireless charging will reportedly require the purchase of an additional accessory. Don't Miss: French man wants $48 million from Uber for allegedly breaking up his marriage Also of note is that the Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter Apple included inside of every iPhone 7 box will now be an accessory users must purchase separately. While such a move would have sparked endless outrage with the iPhone 7, we now know — with the benefit of hindsight — that Apple’s removal of the venerable 3.5mm headphone jack was hardly the controversial design change that many anticipated it would be. The report further adds that the iPhone 8 will not ship with a Lightning to USB-C adapter, a curious though not altogether surprising move given that Apple’s Mac line seems to be slowly transitioning to a predominantly USB-C existence. Having said all that, there’s no getting around the fact that the real flagship feature of the iPhone 8 will be its completely revamped form factor. According to a number of credible reports, the iPhone 8 will feature an edge to edge OLED screen with important sensors like TouchID reportedly embedded into the display itself. There have even been rumblings that the iPhone 8 will incorporate a curved display with specialized sensors on the sides. Of course, all of these compelling features won’t come cheap. Per a report that surfaced last week, the iPhone 8 will have a steep price-tag of $1000, a startling figure given that the ASP for the iPhone set a new all-time record of $695 last quarter. Still, with demand for the margin-friendly iPhone 7 Plus exceeding even Apple’s own internal projections, there’s no doubt that Apple consumers, as a general rule, are more than happy to pay a premium price for premium features, or in this case, a compelling and arguably long overdue new form factor. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Pioneer’s new headphones solve the iPhone 7’s dumbest problem 2 Tech Samsung is about to announce the Galaxy S8’s launch date 3 Politics Apple CFO pours cold water on Trump’s grand iPhone plans 4 Tech T-Mobile’s coverage is getting way better in 2017 5 Tech Fresh new Amazon Tap update might make the Echo obsolete Picked For You The biggest caveats in Verizon’s new ‘unlimited’ plan By Zach Epstein February 14th at 10:31 AM This tiny box lets Alexa control anything that plugs into a wall By Maren Estrada February 14th at 5:06 PM Mesh is the hottest trend in home Wi-Fi, so we tested every top system to find the best By Zach Epstein February 14th at 9:41 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / The iPhone 8 will almost certainly offer wireless charging – here's why The iPhone 8 will almost certainly offer wireless charging – here's why by Chris Smith 13 February 2017 0 shares Read Comments Apple has offered a clear hint the forthcoming iPhone 8 will offer wireless charging - one of the most requested, overlooked features. Apple has joined the Wireless Power Consortium as one of the 213 members, as spotted by 9to5Mac. That suggests the company will join rivals and include inductive charging capabilities within its 2017 handsets. The tech would enable iPhone users to charge their device simply by resting it on a charging pad. Joining the alliance is the clearest indication yet, Apple plans to adopt wireless charging like the Qi standard which is used to replenish the Apple Watch. Related: Best iPhone games 2017 In a statement given to Business Insider, an Apple spokesperson said: “Apple is an active member of many standards development organizations, as both a leader and contributor. “Apple is joining the Wireless Power Consortium to be able to participate and contribute ideas to the open, collaborative development of future wireless charging standards. We look forward to working together with the WPC and its members.” Earlier on Monday we reported the iPhone 8's wireless charging capabilities would require an additional accessory that would not be bundled in. Coupled with the rumours the top iPhone could cost more than $1,000, it could be an expensive year for iPhone obsessives. Is wireless charging a must for your next phone? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Apple stock nears record high by Seth Fiegerman   @sfiegerman February 13, 2017: 4:18 PM ET Apple looks to manufacture in India Apple has found its groove again. The iPhone maker's stock hit $133.82 in early trading Monday, putting Apple less than $1 away from its intraday trading high of $134.54, reached in April 2015. Apple's stock ended the day at $133.29, beating its previous record closing price of $133, set in February 2015. The stock surge, pushing Apple (AAPL, Tech30) to a $700 billion market cap, comes amid renewed optimism for the iPhone. Goldman Sachs raised its price target for the stock on Monday, citing the likelihood of "major new features" like "3D sensing" being added to the next iPhone model, according to an investor note provided to CNNMoney. Apple's previous high was set six months after it released the redesigned iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, kicking off what CEO Tim Cook described as the "mother of all upgrades." Since then, however, Apple has bucked its tradition of overhauling the iPhone every other year. The newest models on the market today look nearly identical to the iPhones available in late 2014. The long wait, combined with this year marking the iPhone's tenth anniversary, has only raised expectations that Apple is about to significantly overhaul its smartphone and reignite demand. Related: Tim Cook: 'Apple would not exist without immigration' Apple's annual sales fell in the 2016 fiscal year for the first time since 2001 as iPhone sales, still the majority of its business, declined in three consecutive quarters. Apple even cut its CEO's pay by 15% due to the company's failure to meet its performance goals for both sales and profits. But that losing streak just ended. Apple sales started growing again in the December quarter, driven by stronger demand for the iPhone -- particularly for the larger and more expensive iPhone 7 Plus. The company sold 78.3 million iPhones for the quarter, setting a new record. At least some of that may be due to the Samsung's smartphone recall woes. Mark Moskowitz, an analyst with William Blair, wrote in an investor note this month, "Samsung's Note 7 struggles likely helped." The iPhone isn't the only reason Wall Street is excited about Apple. There's also President Trump. Despite Trump clashing with Apple during the campaign, investors are now optimistic Apple will benefit from at least one Trump proposal: cutting taxes on cash that U.S. businesses bring back from their overseas accounts. Apple currently has $230 billion in cash held in foreign accounts. If Trump and Congress make it cheaper for Apple to bring that money back, it could be used for acquisitions and buybacks. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 13, 2017: 12:24 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Businesses rally in support of #ADayWithoutImmigrants The Muay Thai brand using social media to take the fight to its rivals $4 million Lamborghini supercars recalled after fires Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Partner Offers Paid Partner Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments50+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch The $1,000 iPhone and other rumors about Apple’s next smartphone The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama By Hayley Tsukayama February 13 Follow @htsuka The Apple logo is displayed on the back of an iPhone. (Carl Court/Getty Images) It may only be February, but it seems like people are already getting excited about the next iPhone, which is expected to debut this fall. Shares of Apple are trading above their all-time high Monday, fueled in part by mounting speculation about the new iPhone — which many expect will get a substantial makeover. Most people who follow these rumors expect three models of the iPhone: presumably an iPhone 7s, an iPhone 7s Plus and an iPhone 8. What isn't so clear is whether those will be their actual names. After all, this is the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, so some people are expecting the "iPhone 8" to be called the "iPhone X." Because X's, as we all know, are cool. This high-end version of the iPhone is the one really generating the bulk of the excitement, as it's expected to be the one with the most design changes. Some more intriguing rumors about the actual specs of the phone have surfaced in the past couple of weeks. Here's a look at what experts expect to see. A sharper screen: Previous spins through the rumor mill have raised expectations that at least the most expensive version of the iPhone will have an OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode) screen, rather than the LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) technology it packs now. Translated from alphabet soup, the biggest difference for consumers will be in the picture quality. OLED screens are known for having vivid colors and deep blacks. Apple competitors — including Samsung, LG, Google and Motorola — have all released phones with this type of screen in the past. But Apple hasn't, which means that there's a good chunk of the smartphone market that may not know what they're missing — which makes the rumor about this display on the new iPhone all the more exciting. Many analysts also think that the firm will use a curved screen, similar to what we've seen on the Samsung Galaxy Edge. (Samsung, after all, is a screen supplier for Apple.) A display that wraps around the edge of the phone gives you more screen to work with overall. That's a benefit for people who watch a lot of video on their phones. Late last year, there were also reports that the phone would have a "virtual button" instead of a physical home button, making for an even smoother display. A very high price tag: Now this is a doozy. Noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities predicted the fanciest iPhone could bear a price tag of more than $1,000. It's not quite as far-fetched as it may seem: a fully loaded iPhone 7 Plus, for example, already costs $969. Still, it's a psychological price line that many people may balk at, particularly when Apple's least expensive laptop is $999. Why so pricey? Look no further than the rumor right above this one — that coveted OLED screen. Producing an OLED screen isn't easy, particularly when you're working on the kind of scale that Apple does. The question is whether the screen quality improvement will be enough to persuade people to dole out their cash. Set it down, charge it up: This has been a persistent item on the iPhone owner wishlist, particularly as Apple competitors such as Samsung have added it to their phones. This rumor went from wishful thinking late last year to likely, however, when Kuo said that the next generation of iPhones will have wireless charging capabilities. Although, as 9 to 5 Mac reported, it's not clear whether the wireless charger itself will be included with a new phone. Apple already uses wireless charging for the Apple Watch, so it's not a huge leap of faith to think they could adapt their technology for the phone. The company last week also joined the Wireless Power Consortium, a standards body devoted to — well, you can probably guess, right? In a statement to Business Insider, the company said it's looking "to participate and contribute ideas" to the future thinking around wireless charging. But it declined to comment on the report's speculation about future products. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 50+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka TOP STORIES Labor nominee Puzder’s withdrawal magnifies turmoil in White House With concerns growing among Republican members of the Senate, the demise of restaurant executive Andrew Puzder’s nomination for labor secretary worsened the already deteriorating relationship between the White House and lawmakers on Capitol Hill. By Ed O'Keefe and Jonnelle Marte 7 hours ago Trump’s HUD secretary nominee buys $1.2 million Virginia mansion Flynn saga shifts balance of power between president, Congress In the wake of Michael Flynn’s resignation as national security adviser, Republican senators are vowing more aggressive oversight of the new administration, and Democrats are seizing an opportunity to ask pointed questions about President Trump’s ties to Russia. By Sean Sullivan and Karoun Demirjian 8 hours ago @pkcapitol: Senate turf war breaks out White House is on verge of raging fire over Russia allegations Trump’s friends, donors jockey for ambassador jobs Most of the top ambassadorships traditionally have gone to close friends and top campaign donors in a secret process with no public comments before a nomination. But Trump loyalists seem to be more forthcoming about their desire to represent him overseas. By Roxanne Roberts 16 hours ago Jared Kushner’s family says it won’t buy Marlins if Jeffrey Loria becomes ambassador to France Kim Jong Nam, seen in this photo from Feb. 11, 2007, was the half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. (Kyodo/Reuters) Airport assassination of half brother focuses new attention on North Korean leader Interviews, other official statements and leaks to the media paint a picture of an attack in which two women grabbed a man and held a cloth over his face for 10 seconds in an airport while no one noticed. A “standing order” to assassinate Kim Jong Nam had been issued years ago by his half brother, North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, according to South Korea’s spy chief. By Anna Fifield 6 hours ago Third suspect arrested Who was Kim Jong Nam? Where Obama lectured, Trump just declares For eight years, a presidential news conference was a forum for the long-winded Professor Obama. With a new administration, brevity is in. By David Nakamura Debrief 8 hours ago Trump’s claim that there’s ‘tremendous amount of increase’ in autism cases earns 3 Pinocchios Trump characterized autism as an increasingly common disorder, but there’s not enough research and no medical consensus to determine that. By Michelle Ye Hee Lee Fact Checker 1 hour ago Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 51 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Scientists have just detected a major change to the Earth’s oceans linked to a warming climate 2 A first look at how German grocer Lidl plans to conquer the U.S. market 3 Boeing workers in South Carolina vote against union 4 The Endangered Species Act may be heading for the threatened list. This hearing confirmed it. 5 Why one food executive is pledging $25 million to fight his own industry Market Watch DJIA 0.52% NASDAQ 0.64% Get quote Last Update: 02/16/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Tim Cook explains how giving away Apple technology for free will help it sell more iPhones Matt Weinberger Feb. 13, 2017, 1:45 PM 4,527 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty A short remark by Apple CEO Tim Cook to The Independent reveals a big part of the master plan behind Swift — an Apple-created programming language that's found a large-and-growing group of fans.  The Independent's David Phelan had the chance to catch up with Cook during a visit to the UK, where the chief executive met with UK-based "Monument Valley" developer Ustwo, as well as university students and other developers. Phelan asked Cook how Apple thinks about designing hardware to suit the needs of those developers. According to Cook, it's a two-part process: First, the hardware itself. Second, tools like Swift to help developers take full advantage of everything the hardware has to offer. Quoth Cook:  We try to continually push ourselves to do more and more, not just on the hardware side but also in terms of developers’ tools so they can take advantage of the hardware that’s there, in the best way. That’s the heart of what the coding software Swift is about. We’ve created the language and our hope was that you can get a lot more people coding, and then secondly have people push more to take advantage of the latest hardware. This answer is actually very telling, if you read between the lines. The success of the iPhone has always been dependent on the App Store — a strong, well-stocked App Store with the newest and most cutting-edge apps keeps users happy on their iPhones. Put a different way, users will go to where the apps are, and there's a serious risk that people would abandon Apple if Android (or Windows) got all the new hotness. So, Apple makes Swift, a programming language that developers want to use, and pushes it as the best way for kids and other novices to learn coding, to boot. Swift can be used to make apps for other operating systems, thanks in no small part to the efforts of Swift's huge community of programmers. Apple.com But Swift is best on iPhone and iPad, because of Apple's own investments in the programming language. So as developers use Swift more and more, they're going to be making apps that simply run better on an iPhone. That, in turn, is going to reinforce Apple's perception as the premiere platform for developers and customers alike. We're already seeing a little of this, too: Lyft rewrote its iOS app in Swift, and found that it helped its developers be more productive, even as it improved the app's performance on iPhones. If and when more developers adopt Swift, and as Apple hopes, see those gains, it's going to improve iPhone's market position in the eternal fight against Android. SEE ALSO: Lyft made a big bet on Apple's secret smash hit, Swift, and it paid off in a huge way NOW WATCH: Meet the forgotten co-founder of Apple who once owned 10% of the company Loading video... More: Apple Apple Swift Tim Cook swift Programming Languages Coding Programmers Coders facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Tim Cook explains how giving away Apple technology for free will help it sell more iPhones Tim Cook explains how giving away Apple technology for free will help it sell more iPhones A short remark by Apple CEO Tim Cook to The... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Enterprise Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP

Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Is Apple Over? By Shelly Palmer - 15 minutes ago Array 0 John Oliver Is Running Ads on Cable News to Educate Just One Viewer: Donald Trump By Simon Dumenco - 1 hour ago Array 0 HBO's Whisper Ad Campaign Asks People To Confess 'Big Little Lies' By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago Array 0 'Fightback' Moment: Verizon Offers Unlimited Data as Wireless Competition Escalates 2 hours ago Array 0 'Emo Trump' Might Just Completely Transform How You Think of the President By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago Array 0 See Nike's Stirring 'Equality' Ad That Aired During the Grammys By E.J. Schultz - 20 hours ago 0 Super Bowl Ads Show Up With YouTube Videos Promoting Terror Groups, Sparking Backlash By Jack Neff - 21 hours ago 0 How Omnicom Is Shaking Up its Nissan Account By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Which Super Bowl Ads Most Expanded Brands' Social Followings? 3 days ago 0 Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too 3 days ago 0 See Nike's Stirring 'Equality' Ad From the Grammys By E.J. Schultz - 20 hours ago 0 Super Bowl Ads Show Up With YouTube Videos Promoting Terror Groups, Sparking Backlash By Jack Neff - 21 hours ago 0 The Ad Age Audience's Pick for the Best Ad in the Super Bowl Is ... - 6 hours ago 0 What's Missing in Most Marketing Programs? Verbal Imagery By Al Ries - 6 hours ago 0 Inbound Phone Calls Rise Again as Sales Channel, Challenging Marketers That Track ROI Elsewhere By Kate Kaye - 6 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext Is Apple Over? By Shelly Palmer. Published on February 13, 2017. Credit: Apple Most Popular I started personal computing on an Apple II circa 1977. It was a big step up from the Heathkit and Radio Shack DIY projects I tinkered with in grade school. When IBM introduced the IBM-PC circa 1981, I semi-defected, and in 1984 I became bi-computeral (you know why). My company functioned in a computer multiverse for some time. Macs were for art, music and publishing; PCs were for business; DEC minicomputers were for science, math and engineering. The minicomputers went away by 2000, and then we were just Mac and PC. In 2006, shortly after Macs became Intel inside and Parallels Desktop (a utility that enabled users to run Windows programs on a Mac) debuted, we became a 100% Apple shop, and we never looked back. For more than a decade, if Apple manufactured it, we purchased it – in bulk. There was no reason to hyper-evaluate the new specifications; we just sent a purchase order to Tekserve (now T2 Computing) for as many of the new Apple devices as we needed (and maybe a few we didn't need). There are so many Apple devices in our offices, someone once said, "It looks like Steve Jobs threw up in here." That was then. What malevolent force could entice me to seriously consider a PC? What wickedness could tempt me to contemplate a transitioning back to Windows? What could possibly lure me to the dark side? Only Apple itself has such power. My iPhone 7 Plus Chronicle On September 7, 2016, I stood on line for an hour to pick up my brand new iPhone 7 plus. I had made an appointment to be one of the first to pick one up because I was still a blind faith follower of the cult of Apple. There was going to be an issue with the headphone jack (well documented in my first treatise of dissent, "Apple iPhone 7: Are You F#$king Kidding Me"). But being one of the faithful means putting aside common sense. The moment I started to transfer information from iCloud, I was in trouble. Some apps worked, others were greyed out, and certain features were hit or miss. Two factory resets and four hours later, I called Apple Care. After 30 minutes on hold, I was told that my iPhone must be defective and needed to be replaced. What? "OK, I'll just go to the Genius Bar and have it replaced." "No, sorry," said the Apple Care person, "we don't have any extra iPhones at the stores; you'll have to send it back to us." "But because of the 'new phone every year' plan you sold me last time, you took my iPhone 6 Plus back. What will I do for a phone for the five to seven days you're telling me it will take for me to get the replacement?" (Note: Because I review technology as part of my job, I had plenty of other smartphones, but if this happened to most people, they'd be offline for a week.) It took two tries for Apple to send me a new phone. The first replacement was lost in shipping, and the second is the one I'm carrying now. I was without an iPhone for about two weeks. To make matters worse, Apple charged my credit card $950 for each phone, so although I had no iPhones, Apple put $2,850 of charges on my credit card, saying it would refund the difference when the missing phone and the bad phone were returned (which it ultimately did). How could Apple not have replacement phones available for the inevitable number of defective phones it might sell? Here's a better question: Did Apple sell too many defective phones for its supply of replacements? With the number of iPhones Apple sells, some are bound to be defective – but this was not an isolated incident. My MacBook Pro Chronicle I wrote my second treatise of dissent, "Apple MacBook Pro 2016: WTF?," about the all-singing, all-dancing 15-inch MacBook Pro before I received my unit. Here are two videos you may enjoy about unboxing my second MacBook Pro and its battery life. Second? Yes, second. I'm writing this article on my third 15-inch MacBook Pro because the first two were defective. After I waited more than two months past the promised delivery date, Unit #1 arrived with a bad "E" key. After three hours on hold with Apple Care (I should have taken a screen shot, because no one believes that I actually let it go that long, but I did), I was told that there was no way to fix it at any Apple Store in the area and there were no replacement units available. I had to return it to T2 Computing for replacement. T2 was awesome, BTW. Apple could take a customer service lesson from them. Unit #2 lasted about two hours past its unboxing and battery life video shoot. It crashed so hard that even the techs at T2 could not bring it back to life. Their head tech said, "This MacBook is no more. It has ceased to be. It's expired and gone to meet its maker. This is a late Mac. It's a stiff. Bereft of life, it rests in peace. It's rung down the curtain and joined the choir invisible. This is an ex-MacBook." The Odds of Bad Units What are the odds of receiving one bad iPhone and two bad MacBook Pros in any six-month period in the post-iPod era? What happened to Apple Care? What happened to Apple's customer service? What is the point of the Genius Bar if it doesn't have the genius to repair or replace brand new defective units? Insane Design Decisions Who is making decisions about dongles and jacks at Apple? To be incompatible with the competition is expected. But for Apple's products to be incompatible with thousands of dollars' worth of equipment that Apple forced you to purchase borders on insane. If the iPhone 7 series has only one lightning connector because the future is wireless, then why doesn't Apple's flagship 15-inch MacBook Pro have a lightning jack too? Fanboys may keep buying its products no matter what, but normal consumers are going to have a hard time with this kind of nonsense. And what was the motivation behind removing the MagSafe power adapter? Dongles? Disclaimer and Apology: This video is a super cheap shot at the Dongle issue. It's an old meme video, but it really made me laugh. Microsoft Surface Book Pro, Samsung Note 8 and Other Stuff There is nothing special about the 15-inch MacBook Pro (2016). I own one because it is powerful enough, features the most amount of internal storage (2TB) and the display is extraordinary. BTW, the new MacBook Pro (2017) specs have been leaked and will feature Intel's Kaby Lake processors. (The 2016 models feature the older Skylake processors). This will not be a big deal unless you are really pushing your MacBook Pro to the limits. Although, the rumored 32GB of RAM is kind of a big deal. That said, if Microsoft made a Surface Book Pro with the same specs, I would take a very, very hard look at it. As for my smartphone, Samsung's new Note 8 looks amazing, and Google is doing an exceptional job with its Pixel and Android OS. Some of the most productive business apps on an iPhone are Microsoft's Office Suite and Google Apps for Business. I don't use any Apple apps on my iPhone and there are easy workarounds or excellent third-party alternatives for any Apple software I use on my MacBook Pro. Why do I need iOS and OS X? I'm reminded of Kylo Ren's last words to Han Solo in "Star Wars: The Force Awakens": "I'm being torn apart. I want to be free of this pain. I know what I have to do but I don't know if I have the strength to do it." Author's Note: This is not a sponsored post. I am the author of this article and it expresses my own opinions. In this article: Consumer Electronics DigitalNext Technology Shelly Palmer Named one of LinkedIn's Top 10 Voices in Technology, Shelly Palmer is CEO of The Palmer Group, a strategic advisory, technology solutions and business development practice focused at the nexus of media and marketing with a special emphasis on augmented intelligence and data-driven decision-making. He is Fox 5 New York's on-air tech and digital media expert and a regular commentator on CNBC and CNN. Follow @shellypalmer or visit shellypalmer.com. Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan OLED iPhone 8 will be an expensive gamble for Apple Apple's tenth anniversary OLED iPhone 8 will be the biggest and most expensive gamble Apple has taken with its smartphone since its release. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | February 13, 2017 -- 16:18 GMT (08:18 PST) | Topic: iPhone Image: CNET As the iPhone approaches being 10 years old, Apple is looking to inject some "Wow!" into its smartphone line with a high-end OLED iPhone 8. But for Apple it's an expensive gamble. Must read: Apple won't do what's needed to save the iPad The Internet of Things 10 types of enterprise deployments As businesses continue to experiment with the Internet of Things, interesting use cases are emerging. Here are some of the most common ways IoT is deployed in the enterprise. Read More Wireless charging and a super-sized 5.8-inch OLED display won't come cheap, especially considering the fact that Apple will have to retrofit the display with a graphite layer to protect the 3D Touch sensor film from the additional heat generated by the wireless charging feature. All this costs money, and could push the price of a top-end iPhone to over $1,000. So where's the gamble? There are a few. The first is the potential for sticker-shock. While $1,000 is going to be the price of the top-end iPhone, it breaks yet another psychological price barrier, and could make potential buyers -- especially those new to the iPhone -- worry that the iPhone price is out of control, and make them think twice before pulling the trigger. Another concern is whether a larger OLED display and wireless charging -- both features available on other smartphones -- will impress iPhone owners. iPhone owners, especially those expected to pay a premium, are used to getting something new, and not the technology that Samsung is already shipping. Apple is going to have to rely less on the technology and more on offering a better user experience. The final issue relates to Samsung directly. If Apple wants OLED displays, the only supplier that can accommodate the demand is Samsung, which means not only that the two biggest smartphone players once again become entwined, but also means that Apple is reliant on a single supplier for a critical component. If those are the potential pitfalls, what about the upsides? First, a plus-$1,000 iPhone would give the iPhone's average selling price a much-needed bump, especially as the iPhone SE has been dragging at it. Another potential upside for Apple is record sales, getting closer to, and possibly even pushing beyond 100 million for Q1 2018. It all depends on supply and demand. Can Apple generate enough buzz for the new handset, and if it can, will it be able to source enough OLED displays to keep shipping times reasonable? The OLED iPhone will also be the device that propels the iPhone into the next decade, and the technology that will cost buyers over $1,000 this year will slowly trickle down into the cheaper versions. Best iPhone or iPad apps (February 2017) SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 25 NEXT PREV See also: It costs almost nothing to charge a smartphone for a year Your next iPhone could easily cost over $1,000 Apple did a lot more than just smash its iPhone sales record 7 things you need to know about Apple (1Q 2017 edition) iPhone 8 rumors finally suggest wireless charging is on the way iPhone turns 10: Watch it evolve from 2007 to 2017: Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Reviews IFROGZ Impulse Wireless headphones are worth every penny Apple Cook offers clues to Apple's AR strategy iPhone What wireless charging would mean to the iPhone iPhone OLED iPhone 8 may finally have the feature that owners have been craving × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish LG UltraFine 5K Monitor Sales Suspended By Adnan Farooqui on 02/13/2017 08:13 PST Apple introduced the LG UltraFine 5K monitor alongside its new MacBook Pros last year. It’s basically a replacement for the company’s Thunderbolt displays that have not been refreshed for a few years now. Soon after Apple started shipping these monitors, customers started complaining that they were not working as they should be. LG acknowledged that there was an issue and as it works to sort out the problem, Apple has decided to temporarily suspend sales of the LG UltraFine 5K monitor. Business Insider reports that Apple retail staff have been instructed to keep the product on display but not sell any units if customers ask for them. The scribe confirmed that it got a similar response from a representative at an Apple Store in New York. LG confirmed that the UltraFine 5K monitor was experiencing glitches if it was placed near certain Wi-Fi routers. The company said that this was due to RF interference as the monitor didn’t have proper shielding and promised that new shipments would have an adequate amount of shielding. It was noticed last week that shipping times for the UltraFine 5K monitors had slipped to six weeks and it appears that sales have been temporarily suspended now until the new stock is made available which takes care of this problem. The issue does not affect the LG UltraFine 4K display which remains available for purchase. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about LG. Related Articles 2017-02-13 LG G6 Front Panel Photo Leaked 2017-02-13 LG G6 Will Offer A Great Audio Experience Thanks To This Component 2017-02-09 LG UltraFine 5K Monitor Shipments Delayed By Apple 2017-02-09 LG Pay Reportedly Facing Cancellation 2017-02-08 The LG Watch Sport Band Cannot Be Replaced Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iPhone 8 Wireless Charging May Require Separate Accessory By Adnan Farooqui on 02/12/2017 08:59 PST Another day, another report about the iPhone 8. It has long been rumored that the iPhone 8 is finally going to get wireless charging and now there’s a new report out which claims that the next-generation iPhone is actually going to require a separate accessory for wireless charging. It’s also claimed in the report that the iPhone 8 is not going to come with a Lightning-to-3.5mm headphone jack adapter. The report says that the iPhone 8’s wireless charging accessory could be based on Chinese company Luxshare’s technology. This company was previously believed to be supplying Apple with coils for the wireless charger that comes with the Apple Watch. This hints that Apple may be looking at contact-based wireless charging for the iPhone 8. Apple is reportedly going to ditch the Lightning-to-3.5mm headphone jack adapter as well. This adapter was included with the iPhone 7 as it was the first iPhone to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack. Perhaps Apple feels that it has given customers enough time to adjust to the new normal: that iPhones will no longer have a 3.5mm headphone jack. Even though USB Type-C ports are now available on the MacBook and the new MacBook Pro, Apple isn’t expected to include a Lightning-to-USB-C adapter in the box. None of this has been confirmed by Apple at this point in time so take it with a grain of salt. The iPhone 8 isn’t due until the fall this year. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about iphone 8 and wireless charging. Related Articles 2017-02-13 iPhone 8 May Have Larger Battery In Smaller Form Factor 2017-02-13 iPhone Wireless Charging Rumors Supported By Apple Joining WPC 2017-02-07 iPhone 8 Release Expected In September Despite Contradictory Claims 2017-02-02 LG G6 Rumored To Have Wireless Charging Or Mobile Payments 2017-01-19 Lite-On To Provide Wireless Charging Components For The iPhone 8 2017-01-05 Energous’ ‘True’ Wireless Charging To Ship Later This Year Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Retro-bit Brings Nintendo’s Game Boy Back From The Dead User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Apple stock nears record high - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple stock nears record high Posted: Monday, February 13, 2017 12:57 PM EST Updated: Monday, February 13, 2017 4:58 PM EST The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. By Seth Fiegerman NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Apple has found its groove again. The iPhone maker's stock hit $133.82 in early trading Monday, putting Apple less than $1 away from its intraday trading high of $134.54, reached in April 2015. Apple's stock ended the day at $133.29, beating its previous record closing price of $133, set in February 2015. The stock surge, pushing Apple to a $700 billion market cap, comes amid renewed optimism for the iPhone. Goldman Sachs raised its price target for the stock on Monday, citing the likelihood of "major new features" like "3D sensing" being added to the next iPhone model, according to an investor note provided to CNNMoney. Apple's previous high was set six months after it released the redesigned iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, kicking off what CEO Tim Cook described as the "mother of all upgrades." Since then, however, Apple has bucked its tradition of overhauling the iPhone every other year. The newest models on the market today look nearly identical to the iPhones available in late 2014. The long wait, combined with this year marking the iPhone's tenth anniversary, has only raised expectations that Apple is about to significantly overhaul its smartphone and reignite demand. Apple's annual sales fell in the 2016 fiscal year for the first time since 2001 as iPhone sales, still the majority of its business, declined in three consecutive quarters. Apple even cut its CEO's pay by 15% due to the company's failure to meet its performance goals for both sales and profits. But that losing streak just ended. Apple sales started growing again in the December quarter, driven by stronger demand for the iPhone -- particularly for the larger and more expensive iPhone 7 Plus. The company sold 78.3 million iPhones for the quarter, setting a new record. At least some of that may be due to the Samsung's smartphone recall woes. Mark Moskowitz, an analyst with William Blair, wrote in an investor note this month, "Samsung's Note 7 struggles likely helped." The iPhone isn't the only reason Wall Street is excited about Apple. There's also President Trump. Despite Trump clashing with Apple during the campaign, investors are now optimistic Apple will benefit from at least one Trump proposal: cutting taxes on cash that U.S. businesses bring back from their overseas accounts. Apple currently has $230 billion in cash held in foreign accounts. If Trump and Congress make it cheaper for Apple to bring that money back, it could be used for acquisitions and buybacks. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iPhone Wireless Charging Rumors Supported By Apple Joining WPC By Adnan Farooqui on 02/13/2017 07:43 PST We’ve been hearing rumors for a very long time that Apple is bringing wireless charging to iPhones. This is a feature that has been present in other devices for a couple of years now but the iPhone has yet to catch up. The iPhone wireless charging rumors are now being supported by a major development. Apple has joined the Wireless Power Consortium. It’s officially listed under the consortium’s members list, the same list didn’t include Apple as recently as last week. This means that Apple has joined the WPC fairly recently and the timing is interesting, to say the least. Apple is expected to include the wireless charging feature in the iPhone 8 that’s due later this year. Reports suggest that the wireless charging implementation in the iPhone 8 is going to be similar to what we already find in the Apple Watch. The Wireless Power Consortium is the group that backs Qi, a wireless charging standard that relies on inductive power transfer for charging without cords. This consortium counts the likes of Samsung, Nokia, Lenovo, Asus, and more as its members. Apple may not have confirmed as yet anything related to the iPhone 8 but this is going to feed the rumor mill that’s made up its mind about wireless charging on the iPhone 8. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about iphone 8 and wireless charging. Related Articles 2017-02-12 iPhone 8 Wireless Charging May Require Separate Accessory 2017-02-07 iPhone 8 Release Expected In September Despite Contradictory Claims 2017-02-02 LG G6 Rumored To Have Wireless Charging Or Mobile Payments 2017-01-30 Apple May Continue Feature Differentiation Between iPhones 2017-01-19 Lite-On To Provide Wireless Charging Components For The iPhone 8 2017-01-05 Energous’ ‘True’ Wireless Charging To Ship Later This Year Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Retro-bit Brings Nintendo’s Game Boy Back From The Dead User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan As iPhone 8 rumors swirl, Apple takes big step toward wireless charging Apple has joined the World Power Consortium, a group behind the Qi wireless charging standard found on many smartphones. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | February 13, 2017 -- 17:43 GMT (09:43 PST) | Topic: Mobility Jason Cipriani/ZDNet Apple is now a member of the Wireless Power Consortium, a group behind the Qi wireless charging standard, the company confirmed on February 13. iPhone: What will the next 10 years bring? What will the iPhone of 2027 look like? Will there even be an iPhone in 2027? Read More Apple is listed as a member of the Wireless Power Consortium alongside 213 members, including other big names like Samsung, LG, HTC, Qualcomm, Verizon, Sony, Nokia, and Huawei. Long awaited for the iPhone line, Apple is rumored to include wireless charging on the iPhone 8 when it hits the market later this year. WPC's Qi allows users to drop their phone on a wireless charger without plugging in a cord. In typical secrecy, Apple didn't have much to say about joining WPC. Apple told Business Insider in a statement: Apple is an active member of many standards development organizations, as both a leader and contributor. Apple is joining the Wireless Power Consortium to be able to participate and contribute ideas to the open, collaborative development of future wireless charging standards. We look forward to working together with the WPC and its members. The Apple Watch uses a modified version of Qi for wireless charging, a WPC exec said in 2015. While joining the group doesn't guarantee wireless charging for the next iPhone, it looks to be a step in the right direction. Best iPhone or iPad apps (February 2017) SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 25 NEXT PREV The iPhone: 2007, meet 2017: Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Spark EBITDA rises to NZ$471m as mobile, broadband grow Mobility ​LG G6 will have new UX that utilizes Full Vision display Networking Telstra cites 'intense competition' after profit drop to AU$1.8b Reviews IFROGZ Impulse Wireless headphones are worth every penny × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Patient Centric Healthcare App Market – Global Industry Analysis – 2024 Patient Centric Healthcare App Market Overview: Increasing consumer health awareness and rising prevalence of various diseases is peaking consumer interest towards ways to monitor and maintain good health. Increasing prevalence of obesity and diabetes, and high cholesterol levels due to changes in lifestyle and proliferation of smartphones and wearable devices are influencing the populace to opt for various health monitoring apps to monitor and maintain optimal health. Patient centric healthcare apps help users to stay updated about medication times, number of calories consumed, dehydration level in body, etc. As per a recent statistic shared by Apple Inc., on an average, an iPhone user unlocks his phone 80 times a day, while statistics released by Pew Research stated that around 46% of people surveyed in the U.S. claimed that they simply could not live without their phones. Get Free PDF Research Brochure for more Professional and Technical Insights: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/107 This creates a large target population for developers of health apps Increasing trend towards usage of healthcare IT systems to offer access to patients data to practitioners sitting anywhere in world and routine checkup of lab reports, easy access to radiology and pathology reports from mobile devices is expected to boost growth of patient centric healthcare app market. Increasing occurrence of complications due to non-adherence to doctor’s recommendations and not undergoing routine checkup due to busy work life, necessitates a companion app that helps users actively monitor their health. The healthcare industry in general is experience an increasing trend towards patient-centric approach in clinical trials focusing on personalized medicine and patient empowerment. This entails enhanced focus on patient care as part of healthcare services and enables the patient to access the various services and take control of their own health. This is expected to further create lucrative opportunities to patient centric healthcare applications providers for diagnostic purpose. Increasing government initiatives to digitalize healthcare system in their respective countries as part of overhauling and strengthening the healthcare infrastructure is acting as a value-driver to patient centric healthcare app. Dubai Health Authority (DHA) launched patient centric app Sehhaty as part of its smart city program. Developed regions such as North America and Europe are expected to contribute major share to the market due to higher acceptance of advanced technologies, complemented by robust healthcare infrastructure and high discretionary income in these regions. Global Patient Centric Healthcare App Market Taxonomy The global patient centric healthcare app market is classified on the basis of following segments: Category Type: Wellness Management Fitness Lifestyle and stress Diet and Nutrition Disease and Treatment Management Healthcare Providers/Insurance Medication Reminders and Information Women’s Health and Pregnancy Disease specific Others Technology Type: Internet-based Technology Mobile Devices Home Telehealth Operating System: iOS Androids Windows End Users: Personal Usage Hospital Clinics Others Major Patient centric Healthcare apps in the market: Patient Centric Connected Care (PC3)( Infinite Computer Solutions Inc.), IntelliVue Guardian System (Philips), Philips mobile medical app (Philips), miMeds (iPatientCare), miCalc (iPatientCare), miWater (iPatientCare), Apple’s CareKit (Apple) etc. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/patient-ce… Increasing focus on multi-platform apps for wider penetration Companies are focusing on introducing novel apps that can sync with various health monitoring devices and offer compatibility with most major mobile platforms in order to increase product penetration. In July 2014, iPatientCare, Inc., one of the pioneer in mhealth and cloud based ambulatory HER launched its new patient centric app for iphone and ipad. It allows patients and clinicians to remain updated about patient’s health. In September 2016, IBA and Philip launched its new patient centric solution for IBA’s proton therapy system for treatment of cancer. In 2015, Health Fabric, launched its product health fabric store where clinicians and commissioners create, share and recommend care plans to their patients. Subscription-based services and in-app purchases: A preferred revenue generation model for players The global patient centric healthcare app market is highly fragmented owing to the participation of many established and emerging players in the patient centric healthcare app market. Major players involved in the global patient centric healthcare app market include Philips, iPatientCare, MobileSmith, Klick Health, and Health Fabric. Major players provide their apps for free. However, to avail of major services such as interactions with doctors, a one-time fee or a subscription model is adopted. For instance, DynaMed Mobile, Isabel, and Epocratesare some of the many apps in the market that are free to download, though there is a subscription fee applicable to avail of additional services. Advancements in technology are expected to pave way for patient centric healthcare apps that would monitor patient data in real-time and transmit the information to healthcare professionals for analysis. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Raj Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, general, Health, Health & Medicine, Industry, Internet, Lifestyle, major, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Non-invasive Pain Management Devices Market – Global Industry Analysis, 2024 Next PostNext Special Need Strollers Market- Global Industry Analysis 2024 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan No need to wait for the iPhone 8: You can have wireless iPhone charging today If you want to add the leading iPhone 8 feature (at least according to the rumor mills) to your current-generation iPhone, we have the how-to, right here, right now. By David Gewirtz for DIY-IT | February 13, 2017 -- 13:48 GMT (05:48 PST) | Topic: iPhone Now is the winter of our discontent. While the Bard may have been taking liberties with King Richard's story, today's modern-day bards -- the bloggers and pundits who need to write for clicks -- are in the long, slow period of winter when there's no Apple news. What's a tech journalist to do when there's no Apple news? Apple rumors, of course. And the biggest rumor right now is that the iPhone 8 will have wireless charging. The Internet of Things 10 types of enterprise deployments As businesses continue to experiment with the Internet of Things, interesting use cases are emerging. Here are some of the most common ways IoT is deployed in the enterprise. Read More Now, I've heard rumors ranging from a huge price increase to additional insulation so the heat of the charging doesn't fry the screen, all the way to a claim that Apple will charge phones simply by bringing them into the same room as a charger. This second technique is called the iRadiation and will almost definitely render you unable to have kids. Rumors notwithstanding, it's possible to add wireless charging to your iPhone right now. I've had wireless charging on my iPhone 6s Plus for the past 18 months (no, I never bothered upgrading it, even though I'm on the iPhone Upgrade Program). It's easy and pretty inexpensive to make work. There are a few gotchas. First, I'll show you what I'm doing, and then I'll leave you with a few cautions. How to make it work Qi is a standard put forth by the Wireless Power Consortium, and it's the most common of the inductive charging approaches on the market. You'll want to use a Qi-compatible charger and receiver. You'll also want a case with a tiny bit of flex, so that the very thin receiver can fit inside it. Eighteen months ago, I ordered the QIVV Qi Wireless Charging Receiver for $12.99 from Amazon. It's now a buck cheaper. There was no specific reason I bought this model except that it had a few more reviews. Once you get it, you'll plug it into your lightning port and secure it (I just taped it) to the back of your phone. Here's mine: The receiver I linked to above comes in a bundle with a charger for another four bucks. I haven't tested that charger, but you might want to skip it. Back when I first set up my phone, I did a series of tests with a bunch of wireless chargers and many of them produced a lot of heat on the phone and had inconsistent charging. By far, the most consistent performer was the $19.99 Anker Ultra-Slim Wireless Charging Pad. It was both the best performer in terms of temperature and consistent charging. Unfortunately, it's no longer available. Anchor has a new device, the Anker Wireless Charger PowerPort Qi Wireless Charging Pad, which is six bucks cheaper than the one I have. You might want to give it a try. Finally, you can choose from many different cases. The one I use (and haven't changed, since I really like it) is the UAG Composite Case. There's nothing uniquely special about it, except it does protect the phone rather well, fits my hand nicely, and I like the workmanlike color. Wireless charging and your iPhone There are a few things you should know before you add wireless charging to your iPhone. First, I only did heat tests on an iPhone 6s Plus. I don't know how the iPhone 7 will perform. How to add wireless charging to your iPh... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 12 NEXT PREV That's a lead-in to the big issue: inductive charging causes the phone to heat up. As I noted in my tests, the increases in temperature can range from a few degrees to quite a jump. The back of the phone is often warm (and on some of those chargers, was hot) when removing it from the charger. Heat can damage the iPhone. I've found that my phone makes a dinging sound after a little while. I've taken that to mean it's time to take the phone off the charger, even if the phone isn't fully charged. Wireless charging isn't a speed demon. It can take a relatively long time (4 to 6 hours) to charge a totally empty phone. If you decide to go with wireless charging, you'll need to be aware of these limitations, and decide if they mesh well with your working lifestyle. In my case, the phone holds a charge well, so each evening I drop the phone on the charger for a couple of hours. It charges quite nicely. Your mileage may vary. You can follow my day-to-day project updates on social media. Be sure to follow me on Twitter at @DavidGewirtz, on Facebook at Facebook.com/DavidGewirtz, on Instagram at Instagram.com/DavidGewirtz, and on YouTube at YouTube.com/DavidGewirtzTV. VIDEO: Move photos from your iPhone to Windows 10 Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Reviews IFROGZ Impulse Wireless headphones are worth every penny Apple Cook offers clues to Apple's AR strategy iPhone What wireless charging would mean to the iPhone iPhone OLED iPhone 8 may finally have the feature that owners have been craving × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Is Apple's iPhone going to get wireless charging? The tech giant offers the electrifying news that it's joined a wireless charging standards group. Mobile by Erin Carson February 13, 2017 9:23 AM PST @erincarson Evidence emerges that iPhone 8 could charge wirelessly Apple reignites rumors of wireless charging capabilities in its next iPhone after joining the Wireless Power Consortium. by Vanessa Hand Orellana 1:18 Close Drag If you've been holding out hope for wireless charging to come to the iPhone, chew on this: Apple joined the Wireless Power Consortium, the company confirmed Monday. Apple declined to comment on future products and whether it will include wireless charging in upcoming iPhones, but said it's a member of many standards development organizations. "Apple is joining the Wireless Power Consortium to be able to participate and contribute ideas to the open, collaborative development of future wireless charging standards," a spokeswoman said. The Wireless Power Consortium is a group of 213 manufacturers that backs a single standard, called Qi, for wireless charging. It includes companies like Samsung, LG and HTC. "As we have seen in the past year, Qi has become the de facto standard for wireless power, and this year we expect to see even more momentum by the entire ecosystem," WPC said in a statement, adding the companies with the largest share of the mobile phone market are now members. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile More stories As far as Siri is concerned, you are Lego Batman Unlimited plans: Verizon, T-Mobile, AT&T and Sprint, compared Apple vs. FBI one year later: Still stuck in limbo HTC will launch mobile VR device as follow-up to Vive Close   Discuss: Is Apple's iPhone going to get wireless charging? Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Apple vs. FBI one year later: Still stuck in limbo CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center

Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Apple stock nears record high by Seth Fiegerman   @sfiegerman February 13, 2017: 4:18 PM ET Apple looks to manufacture in India Apple has found its groove again. The iPhone maker's stock hit $133.82 in early trading Monday, putting Apple less than $1 away from its intraday trading high of $134.54, reached in April 2015. Apple's stock ended the day at $133.29, beating its previous record closing price of $133, set in February 2015. The stock surge, pushing Apple (AAPL, Tech30) to a $700 billion market cap, comes amid renewed optimism for the iPhone. Goldman Sachs raised its price target for the stock on Monday, citing the likelihood of "major new features" like "3D sensing" being added to the next iPhone model, according to an investor note provided to CNNMoney. Apple's previous high was set six months after it released the redesigned iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, kicking off what CEO Tim Cook described as the "mother of all upgrades." Since then, however, Apple has bucked its tradition of overhauling the iPhone every other year. The newest models on the market today look nearly identical to the iPhones available in late 2014. The long wait, combined with this year marking the iPhone's tenth anniversary, has only raised expectations that Apple is about to significantly overhaul its smartphone and reignite demand. Related: Tim Cook: 'Apple would not exist without immigration' Apple's annual sales fell in the 2016 fiscal year for the first time since 2001 as iPhone sales, still the majority of its business, declined in three consecutive quarters. Apple even cut its CEO's pay by 15% due to the company's failure to meet its performance goals for both sales and profits. But that losing streak just ended. Apple sales started growing again in the December quarter, driven by stronger demand for the iPhone -- particularly for the larger and more expensive iPhone 7 Plus. The company sold 78.3 million iPhones for the quarter, setting a new record. At least some of that may be due to the Samsung's smartphone recall woes. Mark Moskowitz, an analyst with William Blair, wrote in an investor note this month, "Samsung's Note 7 struggles likely helped." The iPhone isn't the only reason Wall Street is excited about Apple. There's also President Trump. Despite Trump clashing with Apple during the campaign, investors are now optimistic Apple will benefit from at least one Trump proposal: cutting taxes on cash that U.S. businesses bring back from their overseas accounts. Apple currently has $230 billion in cash held in foreign accounts. If Trump and Congress make it cheaper for Apple to bring that money back, it could be used for acquisitions and buybacks. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 13, 2017: 12:24 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Businesses rally in support of #ADayWithoutImmigrants The Muay Thai brand using social media to take the fight to its rivals $4 million Lamborghini supercars recalled after fires Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Partner Offers Paid Partner Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Apple stock nears record high Apple stock nears record high Posted on Monday, February 13, 2017 by CNN in Business News Apple has found its groove again. The iPhone maker’s stock hit $133.82 in early trading Monday, putting Apple less than $1 away from its intraday trading high of $134.54, reached in April 2015. Apple’s stock ended the day at $133.29, beating its previous record closing price of $133, set in February 2015. The stock surge, pushing Apple to a $700 billion market cap, comes amid renewed optimism for the iPhone. Goldman Sachs raised its price target for the stock on Monday, citing the likelihood of “major new features” like “3D sensing” being added to the next iPhone model, according to an investor note provided to CNNMoney. Apple’s previous high was set six months after it released the redesigned iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, kicking off what CEO Tim Cook described as the “mother of all upgrades.” Since then, however, Apple has bucked its tradition of overhauling the iPhone every other year. The newest models on the market today look nearly identical to the iPhones available in late 2014. The long wait, combined with this year marking the iPhone’s tenth anniversary, has only raised expectations that Apple is about to significantly overhaul its smartphone and reignite demand. Apple’s annual sales fell in the 2016 fiscal year for the first time since 2001 as iPhone sales, still the majority of its business, declined in three consecutive quarters. Apple even cut its CEO’s pay by 15% due to the company’s failure to meet its performance goals for both sales and profits. But that losing streak just ended. Apple sales started growing again in the December quarter, driven by stronger demand for the iPhone — particularly for the larger and more expensive iPhone 7 Plus. The company sold 78.3 million iPhones for the quarter, setting a new record. At least some of that may be due to the Samsung’s smartphone recall woes. Mark Moskowitz, an analyst with William Blair, wrote in an investor note this month, “Samsung’s Note 7 struggles likely helped.” The iPhone isn’t the only reason Wall Street is excited about Apple. There’s also President Trump. Despite Trump clashing with Apple during the campaign, investors are now optimistic Apple will benefit from at least one Trump proposal: cutting taxes on cash that U.S. businesses bring back from their overseas accounts. Apple currently has $230 billion in cash held in foreign accounts. If Trump and Congress make it cheaper for Apple to bring that money back, it could be used for acquisitions and buybacks. Stocks hit record again. But is Trump the reason? Cash 5 Jackpot of $600,000 Won in Clearfield County Related Posts JetBlue blues: System outage briefly grounds flights Burt of Burt’s Bees dies at 80 Hugo Barra: New Xiaomi phone shows we’re not copycats Marissa Mayer’s arch-nemesis is now her boss Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple is seeing a Trump bump as stock pushes all-time highs Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 12:04 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Hargreaves: Apple appeals most to image-conscious consumers    Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 11:17 AM ET | 04:53 Investor sentiment toward Apple has shifted since the election, with many believing the company stands to benefit from the policies of President Donald Trump, Oppenheimer analyst John Stoltzfus said Monday on "Squawk Alley." "We think that the market had originally anticipated a negative outcome if Trump was elected," he said. "But once we saw what happened on election night and the way that futures were indicating positive by the end of the night what we thought was this looks good and the markets certainly said 'I like it.'" If Apple is allowed to repatriate its enormous overseas cash hoard — its total cash grew to $246.09 billion in the fiscal first quarter, up $8.49 billion from the previous quarter — this will help the company, he said. "Especially if the administration puts its influence on Apple to move its manufacturing back stateside, there will be offsets available for bringing some of that capital back from outside the U.S.," said Stoltzfus. Apple hit a high of $133.82 Monday, its highest level since April 2015, the day of its all-time intraday peak of $134.54. The tech giant's record closing high of $133.00 was hit in February 2015 Oppenheimer had initially thought the market might pull back 3 to 6 percent on a Trump win, said Stoltzfus. "For business, this just is a terrific advancement that we have seen in terms of a business-friendly environment," he said. Photo by Michel Porro Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Why fake news is a huge threat to democracy and both Apple and the rest of us need to respond Trending in Apple W1 Bluetooth wireless headphones compared: Apple AirPods, Beats Solo3, Powerbeats3 & BeatsX Trending in Apple Top BeatsX features: A hands-on look at the highly anticipated W1-powered earphones [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: Unless Apple pulls a rabbit from the hat, inductive wireless charging is too little too late Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: Higher power output turned my Mac into a charging hub for my holiday Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name February 13 AAPL: 133.29 1.17 Apple joins Wireless Power Consortium/Qi, lending weight to rumor of wireless charging for iPhone 8 Ben Lovejoy - Feb. 13th 2017 5:55 am PT @benlovejoy iPhone 8 wireless charging View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit [UPDATE: Apple statement below the fold.] Long-running rumors that Apple will add wireless charging to the iPhone 8 have been lent additional weight with the news that the company has joined an industry group devoted to wireless power. Apple is now listed as one of the 213 members of the Wireless Power Consortium. It was not present in a cached version of the page from a week ago … While early rumors suggested that Apple was holding out for long-range charging, without the need to place the iPhone on a charging pad, those hopes appear to have been dashed by more recent reports. These suggest that Apple will, like other manufacturers, use simple inductive charging. One of those reports even indicated that Apple will not include a charger in the box with the iPhone, instead offering it as an optional accessory at extra cost. While Apple may indeed have been aiming for long-range RF charging, IHS Technology analyst Vicky Yussuff says that the company couldn’t wait any longer. The success of wireless charging adoption from Apple’s competitors is something that Apple can no longer ignore. IHS Technology consumer survey data shows over 90% of consumers want wireless charging on their next device. While the consortium promotes the use of a single standard for wireless charging, known as Qi, that doesn’t mean that Apple will fully support the protocol. Apple already uses Qi charging for the Watch, but as The Register noted back in 2015, it uses a tweaked version that means you can’t use other Qi chargers. It seems likely it will do the same with the iPhone. If you want wireless charging with your existing iPhone, there are solutions available already in the form of wireless charging cases and stick-on receivers. One crowdfunded one also brings back the 3.5mm headphone socket. Apple provided BI with this boilerplate statement: Apple is an active member of many standards development organizations, as both a leader and contributor. Apple is joining the Wireless Power Consortium to be able to participate and contribute ideas to the open, collaborative development of future wireless charging standards. We look forward to working together with the WPC and its members. Catch all the iPhone 8 news and rumors in our constantly updated guide. Guides iPhone 8 View THe Guide wireless charging View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! OLED iPhone 8 will be an expensive gamble for Apple – ZDNet Posted on February 13, 2017 by ZDNet As the iPhone approaches being 10 years old, Apple is looking to inject some “Wow!” into its smartphone line with a high-end OLED iPhone 8. But for Apple it’s an expensive gamble. Must read: Apple won’t do what’s needed to save the iPad … Apple’s ‘iPhone 8’ to boast larger Plus-sized battery in form factor similar to 4.7″ iPhone 7AppleInsider (press release) (blog) KGI: OLED iPhone 8 to be similar physical size to 4.7 inch iPhone 7, with significantly larger battery9 to 5 Mac Apple Orders 160M iPhone 8 OLED PanelsPC Magazine (press release) Mashable -iLounge -International Business Times -Forbes all 47 news articles …read more wrote 26742 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet – TechCrunch Sony Removes PlayStation Now Support For Vita, PS3, And More Devices To Focus On PC, PS4 – Tech Times McDonald’s Re-Engineers Straw Using Fibonacci Formula To Let You Enjoy Shamrock Shake More – Tech Times Amazon Echo And Google Home Could Soon Let You Make Calls: Will Smart Speakers Replace Telephones? – Tech Times PlayStation Now Is Ending Support For Almost All Devices – Cinema Blend Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. LEAD 3 Lessons From Steve Jobs on Building Trust What did Steve Jobs and the CEOs of other iconic companies like Pixar and Disney have in common? The ability to build trust. By Glenn Leibowitz Glenn Leibowitz is the head of communications at a global management consulting firm. He writes about personal and professional development, media trends, and writing well. @GlennLeibowitz Contributor, Inc.com@GlennLeibowitz WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement What if you could spend years working with --and observing the leadership styles of -- the CEOs of Apple, Pixar, and Disney? That's what Ali Rowghani did. Rowghani is the CEO of Y Combinator Continuity, the growth stage investment arm of Y Combinator, the powerful start-up business incubator and investor behind billion-dollar companies like Airbnb, Dropbox, and Stripe. Before joining Y Combinator, Rowghani held several C-level positions at Twitter and Pixar. In a recent article on Y Combinator's blog, Rowghani analyzed the leadership traits of four CEOs he has worked closely with over the course of his career, leaders whom he considers "extraordinary": Steve Jobs (Apple's --and Pixar's --former CEO), Ed Catmull (Pixar's founder), John Lasseter (Pixar's Chief Creative Officer), and Bob Iger (Disney's CEO). Despite their differences in leadership styles, what these four leaders have in common is their ability to build trust. "Each differs considerably in style, temperament, and approach...And yet, despite their differences, these leaders built trust by doing the same three things exceptionally well, though each in his own way." So what are the "same three things" these leaders do to build trust? Here's what Rowghani found: Clarity of Thought and Communication. The first characteristic of a great leader that Rowghani identified is the ability to think and communicate clearly: "If your employees are confused about your mission and strategy, or do not find it motivating or credible, they will not follow you with the focus and determination necessary to succeed." "Great leaders spend hours preparing their internal communications. They don't just wing it, no matter how naturally talented they are as communicators," says Rowghani. He cites the example of how Shopify CEO Tobi Lütke and his senior team spend hundreds of hours preparing for their annual employee Summit. "If we communicate well at the Summit, we achieve great alignment by the end," says Lütke. Judgment About People. CEOs devote a lot of time to hiring and firing people, and the best CEOs do this particularly well, according to Rowghani: "They are able to see hidden potential in people and detect cases where ambition exceeds ability. And when they make hiring or promotion mistakes, which are inevitable, they have the courage to rectify the situation if the employee cannot be coached to improve. Nothing does more damage to an organization or to the standing of a leader than picking the wrong leaders or failing to correct these mistakes when they happen." Rowghani's advice for hiring great people? "Spend as much time as you can getting to know executives that you are considering hiring." He cites a 2016 interview with Uber CTO Thuan Pham, who describes being interviewed by CEO Travis Kalanick for "30 hours straight, one-on-one, over two weeks," including over Skype when Travis was traveling. Personal Integrity and Commitment. For Rowghani, the third characteristic that marks a great leader who knows how to build trust is personal integrity and commitment. "Integrity means standing for something meaningful beyond oneself rather than being motivated by narrow personal interests. It means being able to admit when you have made a mistake rather than acting like you are always right and having the humility to receive critical feedback openly and work to improve. It means avoiding behavior like favoritism, conflicts of interest, inappropriate language, inappropriate work relationships, etc., that erode trust." Rowghani sums up these three leadership lessons with this advice: "In difficult times, as you evaluate one course of action versus another, ask yourself which path will generate more trust in you as a person and as a leader. Always try to choose that path." Read Rowghani's complete analysis of these leadership traits on Y Combinator's blog. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Feb 13, 2017 Advertisement
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY Apple's New Wireless Charging iPhone Is About to Change Your (Work) Life It's going to cause a shift in how we use our devices--and maybe even the office of the future. By John Brandon John Brandon is a contributing editor at Inc. magazine covering technology. He writes the Tech Report column for Inc.com. @jmbrandonbb Contributing editor, Inc.com@jmbrandonbb WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement It's coming. Wireless charging for the next iPhone, as reported by multiple outlets, could finally end the constant cable clutter nightmare we have at our desks and at home. Sure, it was a minor change at a website that provided a few hints. Apple joined a consortium for Qi, the popular wireless charging standard. Today, several Samsung smartphones and the older Google Nexus line support the standard, and Mophie has recently released a new case for the current iPhone 7 that uses Qi. There's even a few cars that use it, like this Toyota pickup. What makes the news so interesting for iPhone users is that wireless charging today usually requires a bulky case add-on. If the rumors are true and the next iPhone does use Qi wireless charging, it's possible Apple may have figured out how to make the phone thinner than the current models. (They wouldn't use Qi otherwise.) More importantly, when Apple finally adopts a standard, it usually explodes in the market (and not in the way things turned out last year for the Samsung Galaxy Note, sorry for reminding you). For now, there's a line of IKEA desks and furniture that support wireless charging, but imagine how this will work in the near future. Beyond your desk, it's possible that conference room tables will have the pads. So will the tables at Starbucks and Caribou. Your kitchen counter might have one, or even your nightstand. And then...what about the tray in an airplane? The nightstand at a hotel? In this future scenario, one that could become viable by 2018 or so, we could decide to leave the cable at home and never have to fish it out again. Most of us are constantly unwrapping cables, connecting them, wrapping them up again, then repeating that routine all day. I'm guessing wireless charging will free up at least 30 minutes per day. It also means we shift our thinking from cables to wireless, which is something Apple has already been doing with the AirPods. For now, you set a Qi-enabled device onto a pad, but eventually wireless charging could occur from within a few inches or a few feet away. Energous, the company Apple is said to be working with on new standards, could make this possible. Someday, our gadgets (including phones, tablets, laptops, and even our cars) will charge merely by entering a room or along the highway even from greater distances. This will save time and effort, but it will also mean we won't have to think about it as much. Gadgets will be "always on" and always charging, which will make them even more useful (and possibly mean we rely on them even more). Of course, there's even a next step after this. Could future houses be powered by a wireless signal? Factories? Entire buildings? It's hard to think about it today, but the power outlet in every home and office could eventually disappear which would in turn create a totally different work environment. Maybe we can configure our desks differently, maybe wireless power will change building design (and certainly airport terminal design). If it happens because of one simple change to the iPhone, that's a fairly big milestone. Now we just need to wait and see if it all pans out. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Feb 13, 2017 Advertisement
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 8 Rumors: Wireless Charging On 'iPhone X' Gains Traction After Apple Joins Wireless Power Consortium By AJ Dellinger On 02/13/17 AT 11:53 AM Close Apple often likes to keep its moves under wraps, but it may have just given away a new feature of its upcoming iPhone. The company has joined the Wireless Power Consortium (WPC), lending credence to the rumor the next iPhone will feature wireless charging. Apple’s name just recently joined the list of 213 members involved in the WPC, joining the likes of Sony, Samsung, LG, Verizon and others. The Cupertino company’s name does not appear in a cached version of the page from several weeks ago. The WPC is a group of leading electronics manufacturers dedicated to developing wireless charging technologies. The group is designed to help guide investment in research and development of wireless charging and create standards across the industry for the function. By grabbing a place at the table of the WPC, Apple may have also tipped its hand about the possibility of wireless charging making its way to the iPhone 8 (or iPhone X). iPhone 8 rumors have swirled about Apple finally giving the iPhone the ability to charge wirelessly, with the idea really heating up after a Taiwanese company reportedly received orders from Apple for pieces that would be required to produce the wireless charging functionality. Related Stories iPhone X: 5 Expected Features Of New Apple Device New Apple iPhone 8 Could Feature Wireless Charging It’s believed Apple has held out on introducing wireless charging, a feature that is now somewhat commonplace in Android devices, because it wants to offer a long-range charging solution rather than sticking with the current standard that requires users to set their device on a charging pad that itself is still wired. The version of the charging technique Apple is hoping to introduce would allow users to charge their iPhone at a range of around 20 feet. The system would charge any device within that range, allowing people to move freely within that radius while their phone battery gets refilled. There are several examples of a true wireless system like the one Apple is hoping for, including a system called WattUp from Energous Corporation that uses radio frequency to charge devices at a distance. After the company announced it was delaying its release of the technology following a ‘key strategic partnership,’ speculation of a partnership with Apple began to swirl. Apple isn’t a total stranger to the world of wireless charging itself; the company introduced the feature for the Apple Watch, which uses a modified version of the wireless technology promoted by the WPC. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology 5 Smartphone Trends For 2017 The technology is expected to go through major hardware innovations this year. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National Restaurants Show Solidarity With ‘Day Without Immigrants’ The grassroots campaign against President Donald Trump's policies has called on foreign-born people in the country to not work or spend money to demonstrate their importance. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Here's more evidence that the next iPhone will have wireless charging Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 11:23 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Zhang Peng | LightRocket | Getty Images iPhone 7 charging in an Apple store. It's becoming increasingly likely that new iPhones will charge wirelessly — perhaps as soon as this year. Apple confirmed to CNBC on Monday that it has joined the Wireless Power Consortium, "to be able to participate and contribute ideas to the open, collaborative development of future wireless charging standards." Apple said its membership in the consortium is just one of many to "standards development organizations." But it comes as wireless charging is the next big area of competition for smartphones. Samsung already sells wireless charging pads compatible with its Galaxy S7 edge. Vicky Yussuff, analyst at IHS Technology, said at least one major mobile phone handset manufacturer will likely announce a new phone with wireless charging at The Mobile World Congress in two weeks. Wireless charging would be a reprieve from long-running jokes about the various dongles and adaptors now needed to charge Apple products. Apple is likely working on its own wireless charging technology, based on numerous patents it has filed, though the company is notoriously secretive when it comes to its intentions with new products. Noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted last week that Apple has 3 new wireless charging iPhones scheduled for this year. WATCH: CNBC puts the first-generation iPhone to the test show chapters CNBC puts the first-generation iPhone to the test    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 8:09 PM ET | 01:35 Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo MWC 2017 News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo MWC 2017 News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery It Looks a Whole Lot Like the Next iPhone Will Have Wireless Charging Michael Nunez | Gawker MediaFeb 13, 2017, 09.46 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit appleImage Credit Continue reading Image: Gizmodo Apple just quietly joined Wireless Power Consortium , a group of 214 companies dedicated to promoting wireless charging through its "Qi" standard, fueling rumors that the next iPhone will include the technology. Whispers of a wireless-charging iPhone have been around for years, but Apple's new membership in the Wireless Power Consortium is the most significant evidence to date that the company is serious about developing the technology. It also comes just months before the release of the next iPhone, which is rumored to be packed with expensive new hardware. Behind the scenes, Apple has been making moves for years that have lead several experts to believe the next iPhone will charge wirelessly. Earlier this month, the company submitted an unnamed " wireless device " to the FCC that the device contained Bluetooth and NFC that some suspected was the highly anticipated wireless-charging iPhone. Shortly after its FCC submission was reported, respected KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted Apple will release three versions of its next iPhone, all of which will include wireless charging. His prediction is based off of information from manufacturers, assemblers, and other sources with direct knowledge. Kuo's prediction echoes a lot of the same information included in a recent Fast Company report , which claims that one version of the next iPhone will be packed with high-end parts that will make the device cost more than $1,000. There is also the fact that Apple has been hiring wireless charging experts for some time now, including at least two former uBeam engineers with an expertise in wireless charging, according to a report from The Verge. It's still unclear why Apple hasn't released a wireless charging iPhone. As Bloomberg reported early last year, the company has been stockpiling patents involving wireless charging methods including one that uses the iMac as a hub for charging devices at a distance of one meter called near-field magnetic resonance. Bloomberg also predicted Apple would release a wireless-charging iPhone in 2017. Of course, we should take these rumors with a huge grain of salt. Apple is already using wireless inductive charging in the Apple Watch, and any new investments could be simply to beef up that product. With all of that said, we're long overdue for a wireless charging iPhone. Competitors like LG and Samsung have released several phones capable with inductive charging. Right now, the only way you can get wireless charging on an iPhone is by using a special case that includes Qi wireless technology. The brand behind the wireless charging case, Mophie, also built a battery case before Apple basically ripped off the idea with its own charging case. Whether this technology would be helpful is an entirely different point. The problem with inductive charging right now is that you have to set your phone in a very specific place in order for it to work. You could argue that this is more inconvenient that having a to plug it into a cable. For others, however, a wireless-charging iPhone could be the realization of a rumor that has been around for years. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: AppleWireless Power Consortiumwireless chargingqiiphone 8iPhone Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story IBM CEO Says the Company 'Does Not Have Politics' While Continuing to Collaborate With the Trump Regime More from this author Report: Sad Yahoo Deal Somehow Gets Even Sadder Magic Leap Ensnared in Lawsuit That Accuses Company of Sexism and Misleading Marketing Related stories Whoa, the Apple Watch Has Wireless Charging Duracell Doesn't Understand Wireless Charging Qualcomm's Wireless Charging Just Got Better Starbucks Is Installing Wireless Charging in Stores Across the U.S. IKEA Is Now Putting Wireless Charging In Your Furniture Sony's Z3v: A Wireless Charging Flagship Just for Verizon MWC 2017 Here’s what we know about the upcoming Moto G5 Apollo 2 will sport MediaTek X30 with 8GB of RAM, launching at MWC 2017 Sony Pikachu running Android Nougat spotted on Geekbench MWC 2017: Huawei P10 teased, launching February 26 Editor's Pick Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Opera browser to be infused with artificial intelligence ... Hot Right Now The Nokia 3310 Was a Frickin' Tank The Next Pseudoscience Health Craze Is All About Genetics Lost Essay Reveals Winston Churchill Was Almost Certain Aliens Exist Lightning Earbuds With a Built-in Charging Making Avoiding Wireless Slightly Easier Border Agent Demands NASA Scientist Unlock Phone Before Entering the Country Report: Sad Yahoo Deal Somehow Gets Even Sadder The Arctic Is in Such Bad Shape That Scientists Propose Refreezing It Ourselves Here's Why Today's Decision Over Who Invented CRISPR Matters An Obscure Fault in Southern California is More Dangerous Than We Thought How to Secure Your Home From Corporate Snoopers Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Sony's new camera sensor will decimate every smartphone camera out there ... This is Nokia’s plan for its grand comeback at MWC 2017 This is Nokia’s plan for its grand comeback at MWC 2017 ... Coolpad Cool 1 Dual: The imperfect performer ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop LYF Flame F8 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black) ₹ 4999BUY8MP + 5MP Camera YU Yunicorn - 32GB (Gold Rush) ₹ 10990BUY4GB RAM, 32GB ROM Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM IBM CEO Says the Company 'Does Not Have Politics' While Continuing to Collaborate With the Trump Regime Drone Footage Shows New Destruction at the Syrian World Heritage Site of Palmyra California Town Given One Hour to Evacuate Before Dam Spillway Collapses Verizon Brings Back Unlimited Data Plans For $80 a Month The Nokia 3310 Was a Frickin' Tank Border Agent Demands NASA Scientist Unlock Phone Before Entering the Country The GOP Just Tweeted a Fake Quote From Abraham Lincoln Department of Education Quotes Famous Civil Rights Activist, Spells His Name Wrong Gigantic Bats Are Dying Upside Down, Making Australia's Heatwave Look Like a Horror Movie 1It Looks a Whole Lot Like the Next iPhone Will Have Wireless Charging 2IBM CEO Says the Company 'Does Not Have Politics' While Continuing to Collaborate With the Trump Regime 3Drone Footage Shows New Destruction at the Syrian World Heritage Site of Palmyra 4California Town Given One Hour to Evacuate Before Dam Spillway Collapses 5Verizon Brings Back Unlimited Data Plans For $80 a Month 6The Nokia 3310 Was a Frickin' Tank 7Border Agent Demands NASA Scientist Unlock Phone Before Entering the Country 8The GOP Just Tweeted a Fake Quote From Abraham Lincoln 9Department of Education Quotes Famous Civil Rights Activist, Spells His Name Wrong 10Gigantic Bats Are Dying Upside Down, Making Australia's Heatwave Look Like a Horror Movie About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Facebook Says Auto-playing Audio is Just What You Want Iconfactory Plans to Rebuild Twitterrific for Mac with Kickstarter Campaign Eddy Cue Says Video is a Big Part of Apple Music's Future Tips What's With the Status Icons At the Top of My Apple Watch? macOS: Printing Specific Calendar Events Podcasts Mac Users Can Expect More Malware and TV Shows Are Good for Apple Music - ACM 398 Right to Repair Laws, Apple Design Critics - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-15 View All Results → Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short View All Reviews → Setapp: Like Netflix for Mac Apps Who's More Intelligent, Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa? Russians Who Hacked DNC Now Targeting Macs Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Commercials to Highlight Portrait Camera Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays View All Editorials → Prince Joins Apple Music, Ends Tidal-only Streaming Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Feb 13th, 2017 10:00 AM EST | News The rumors about Prince’s works coming to Apple Music during the Grammys proved to be true. His albums joined Apple’s streaming music service on Sunday, finally letting us party like it’s 1999. Apple Music finally gets Prince The available songs are from the albums Prince released on the Warner Music label. That doesn’t account for all if his work, but it is a substantial part of his collection. Warner released his library to other streaming music services, including Spotify, too. Previously, Prince was available for streaming only on Tidal. He made that change before his death, and the Prince estate has been working to change that. His estate is negotiating to bring his other works to streaming music services, too. Prince’s music is still available for purchase through the iTunes Store. Coming to Apple Music is just another way to listen to Prince. Apple Music offers a three month free trial, and costs US$9.99 a month after that. Student and family discounts are also available. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Music, Prince, streaming music Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Setapp: Like Netflix for Mac Apps Bob LeVitus | February 15, 2017 Who's More Intelligent, Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa? Jeff Butts | February 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $135.51 +0.49 (0.36%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Facebook Says Auto-playing Audio is Just What You Want Iconfactory Plans to Rebuild Twitterrific for Mac with Kickstarter Campaign Eddy Cue Says Video is a Big Part of Apple Music's Future iPhone 8 to Get Bigger Battery, Ditch Included Headphone Jack Adapter Prince Joins Apple Music, Ends Tidal-only Streaming Recent Tips See All » What's With the Status Icons At the Top of My Apple Watch? macOS: Printing Specific Calendar Events iOS: Easily Print To PDF Emails In Apple Mail Tip: Stop Surveillance By Smart TVs from Vizio, Samsung, and LG Make Your iPhone Night Photography Stellar With These Tips Recent Editorials See All » Setapp: Like Netflix for Mac Apps Who's More Intelligent, Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa? Russians Who Hacked DNC Now Targeting Macs Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Commercials to Highlight Portrait Camera Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays 11155 Jeff Gamet news 0 1486980054 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video By Steven Musil CNET February 13, 2017, 11:30 AM Tim Cook sees augmented reality rivaling iPhone's impact Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook waves as he opens the company’s World Wide Developers Conference in San Francisco, California, June 13, 2016. REUTERS/Stephen Lam Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email For Apple, augmented reality is the next big thing. How big? How about as big as the iPhone? Tim Cook has expressed his interest in AR before, but now the Apple CEO is likening the technology to the revolutionary impact that the smartphone has had on the world’s population. “I regard it as a big idea, like the smartphone,” Cook said during an interview with The Independent. “The smartphone is for everyone, we don’t have to think the iPhone is about a certain demographic, or country or vertical market: it’s for everyone. I think AR is that big, it’s huge. I get excited because of the things that could be done that could improve a lot of lives.” Play Video CBSN Tim Cook reaches 5 years as Apple's CEO It's been five years since Tim Cook took over as Apple CEO after Steve Jobs became gravely ill. CNET editor Jeff Bakalar joins CBSN to break down... Unlike virtual reality, which promises to immerse goggle-wearing users in new and exciting digital worlds, AR overlays images and data atop the real world. The best-known example of AR today is Pokemon Go, in which Pokemon characters appear on players’ phone screens amid the streets or parks they’re exploring. The tech titan is also reportedly working with the German optics manufacturer Carl Zeiss on a pair of lightweight AR/mixed reality glasses. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for further comment. Life, disrupted: In Europe, millions of refugees are still searching for a safe place to settle. Tech should be part of the solution. But is it? CNET investigates. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Read about it here. This article was originally published on CNET.com.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular From 60 Minutes Live from New York The 60 Minutes interview with Grace Murray Hopper Bruno Mars and the making of "Uptown Funk" Hidden magnets -- the next big cheat in cycling? The steps of finding refuge Play Video Trump team's contact with Russia Play Video What Trump knew about Gen. Flynn Play Video Trump administration & Russia Play Video Flynn resignation raises questions Play Video Oroville Dam repairs could fail Previous Next 58 Photos Grammys 2017 highlights 74 Photos Grammys 2017 red carpet 28 Photos Michael Kors' red carpet looks 44 Photos Emma Stone 17 Photos Al Jarreau 1940-2017 Previous Next Most Discussed Poll: Does Trump’s support have a ceiling—or a floor? Trump blasts "disgraceful" appeals court decision over travel ban Trump criticizes legal system over travel ban ruling Top Trump aides send mixed messages about Flynn Top Trump aide weighs in on Flynn resignation New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Samsung to make 160 million OLED panels for Apple, report claims 1.7k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? An artist's rendering of what the new iPhone 8 'X' edition might look like. Image: Imran Taylor By Stan Schroeder2017-02-13 16:05:51 UTC It appears Apple will need a lot of OLED screens this year, and Samsung will be supplying them.  Samsung Display will make 160 million OLED panels for Apple in a deal worth 5 trillion won (about $4.3 billion), The Korea Herald reported Monday.  SEE ALSO: Court reopens patent case between Apple and Samsung The same outlet reported in April 2016 that Samsung signed a deal to supply 100 million OLED panels to Apple, starting in 2017. That deal has been increased by another 60 million panels, according to the new report. If the report is true, there's only one reason why Apple would need so many OLED displays: The company is going to need them for the new iPhone, which will likely come out in the fall.  Apple's switch to OLED for the new iPhone has been widely rumored, but there is no official news about it (Samsung Display declined to confirm the deal to The Korea Herald, and Apple never comments on rumors). The current-generation iPhones, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, use LCD screens. The upcoming iPhone 8 — at least in one iteration — is rumored to have a curved OLED screen, with no physical buttons whatsoever.  Apple sells around 200 million iPhones per year, but not all of them are new models, so the 160 million figure would likely be more than enough to quench thirst for the new, OLED-equipped models. If Apple were switching to OLED for its new phones, a deal with Samsung Display would make sense, despite the somewhat strained relations between the two companies. Samsung Display absolutely dominates the mobile OLED market, with a 99% market share as of August 2016. Previous rumors, however, claimed Apple will order at least part of its OLEDs from LG Display as well.  BONUS: OLED tunnel features spectacular views of space, Northern Lights Topics: Apple, Business, iphone 8, Mobile, OLED, samsung, Screens About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Capital OTC Thursday, February 16, 2017 Log in Home National News Company News & Financials Tech & Science Health & Lifestyle ABOUT CAPITAL OTC Analysts & Contributors Privacy Policy Terms of Use Pages ABOUT CAPITAL OTC Analysts & Contributors Contact Us Investor Relations Privacy Policy Terms of Use Recent Posts Released Keck Data Encourage Entire World to Search for Exoplanets Former AIG Leader Finally Settled a 12-year-old Fraud Case Snow Shoveling Is Necessary yet Harmful for Men Restaurant Brands International Made an Offer to Popeyes Australian Banks Have One Last Strategy in Apple Pay Fight French Husband Sues Uber Over Affair Exposing T-Mobile Is Relaunching Its Free Pizza Offer Australian Banks Have One Last Strategy in Apple Pay Fight February 13, 2017 By Miranda Rodgers Leave a Comment Follow The Australian banks are waiting for one more ruling of ACCC. Apple Pay seems like the best way to carry out any kind of transactions. The technology uses the EMV Payment Tokenisation Specification that lets mobile devices to work as contactless credit cards. This works by reading and converting the magnetic stripe into a digital asset that is compatible with any point-of-sale terminals. Worldwide banks accepted to collaborate with Apple on this project even though this would lead to lowering credit card transaction fees. This way, the banks can come up with a better offer than its competition represented by Bitcoin and Merchant Customer Exchange that try to bypass the card network. The world seemed to accept this innovative offer. However, the Australian banks have been hindering the integration of Apple Pay from the beginning. After the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ruled against the Australian banks to gain access to collective banking with Apple Pay, there is a new strategy in place. After reviewing their previous proposals, the Australian Banks are now asking ACCC for permission to NFC on iPhone. This is without precedence. Until now, Apple restricted access to its 45 partnered banks which in exchange have to pay for the digital wallet. If Apple grants access to the NFC function, the Australian banks will enhance the customer care field. They are planning for innovative features within the mobile payments through loyalty programs and better lounge security. On the other hand, Apple’s defend case is built on the presumption that the Australian banks want to avoid the Apple Pay fee by all means. Lance Blockley, the payment specialist of the applicants, explained this request as a way to enable consumer choice. By owning a mobile wallet, they will be able to offer a new range of services in comparison with Apple Pay. Thus, in the end, it will be up to the user to choose the best offer that suits his or her needs. The four banks that signed the application to ACCC, namely the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Westpac, NAB, and Bendigo are describing their move as a way to protect public interest. On the other hand, Apple sees this request as a market danger in disguise. The banks might stifle the market, and they also might want to avoid paying the Apple Pay fees. With both parties standing firm to their positions, it is from now on up to ACCC to settle the case. Image source: 1 Follow Filed Under: Business Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 5 other subscribers Email Address Recent Articles Released Keck Data Encourage Entire World to Search for Exoplanets February 15, 2017 By Shawn Selby Leave a Comment Former AIG Leader Finally Settled a 12-year-old Fraud Case February 15, 2017 By Keith Jordan Leave a Comment Snow Shoveling Is Necessary yet Harmful for Men February 14, 2017 By Miranda Rodgers Leave a Comment Restaurant Brands International Made an Offer to Popeyes February 14, 2017 By Justin Chase Leave a Comment Australian Banks Have One Last Strategy in Apple Pay Fight February 13, 2017 By Miranda Rodgers Leave a Comment French Husband Sues Uber Over Affair Exposing February 13, 2017 By Shaun Marsh Leave a Comment T-Mobile Is Relaunching Its Free Pizza Offer February 12, 2017 By Shawn Selby Leave a Comment Google Tested the Aggressive Behavior of AI February 11, 2017 By Justin Chase Leave a Comment Burbank Received the Biggest Ikea Furniture Shop in the Entire US February 11, 2017 By Miranda Rodgers Leave a Comment  Chan Zuckerberg Biohub Supports 47 Scientists to Cure Diseases February 10, 2017 By Keith Jordan Leave a Comment Federal Judge Ruled Against U.S. Health Merger February 10, 2017 By Mark Cohen Leave a Comment Related Articles Former AIG Leader Finally Settled a 12-year-old Fraud Case Feb 15, 2017 Restaurant Brands International Made an Offer to Popeyes Feb 14, 2017 Burbank Received the Biggest Ikea Furniture Shop in the Entire US Feb 11, 2017 Federal Judge Ruled Against U.S. Health Merger Feb 10, 2017 Luxury Sector in Jeopardy after Michael Kors Revealed Sales Feb 9, 2017 Arconic Inc Valuation Scaled Back In Mid Word Fight Feb 8, 2017 Chinese Currency on the Rise as European Political Struggles Deepen Feb 7, 2017 Income Tax Programs Are Free for Customers Under One Condition Feb 6, 2017 Clean Energy Can Take Over Oil Market in Eight Years Feb 4, 2017 New York Times Records Highest Growth during Trump’s Reign Feb 4, 2017 Categories Business Capital Markets Company News & Financials Editorial Health Health & Lifestyle National News Nature OTC Exchange OTC Markets OTC Research Science Tech & Science U.S. Uncategorized US World News Copyright © 2017 capitalotc.com About · Privacy Policy · Terms of Use · Contact
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search As iPhone 8 release date nears, Apple tests wireless charging waters Chris Burns - Feb 13, 2017 5 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Without explicitly saying the next iPhone will have wireless charging, Apple has essentially tipped off the world this week. They’ve joined the Wireless Power Consortium, one of the world’s foremost authorities on wireless power standards. This is the same group whose members include Samsung, Qualcomm, HTC, LG, Nokia, and Verizon – at this point they’re essentially the winners, if this were a competition. “The world market for wireless charging is expected to exceed 350 million enabled receiver units shipped in 2017. To date, this volume has largely been driven through the backing of wireless charging by Samsung,” said Vicky Yussuff, analyst at IHS Technology. “Although shipments of wireless charging devices grew by 40% in 2016, the continued absence of the iPhone and the continued wait for the launch of magnetically resonant devices meant shipments were lower than expected for 2016 overall.” Yussuff points to one of the most consistent trends in the smartphone industry since Apple introduced the iPhone in the year 2007. She suggests that “many in the industry have been cautious to move forwards until they knew the direction for any wireless charging on iPhone devices.” Thus it has been with elements like the removal of the headphone port, mobile wallets (with Apple Pay), voice assistant (Siri), and fingerprint scanners. It’s not that these features didn’t exist on smartphones before Apple included them with the iPhone, but they certainly picked up in popularity substantially once Apple gave the OK with the iPhone. There’s also the possibility that Apple has joined the Wireless Power Consortium to see the industry’s reaction – and consumer reactions. If the reaction is largely negative, (this is unlikely), there’s still a chance they wont put wireless charging technology in the next iPhone. Meanwhile, one way or the other, we wont be surprised to find a lot more wireless charging pads being released by accessory makers in the near future. Apple will probably release the iPhone 8 – or more likely the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus – in September of 2017. This follows the release schedule Apple has been on for the past several years, and there’s no significant reason this year to buck the trend. Releasing the iPhone in June to match the exact date of Apple’s 10-year anniversary for the handset is absurd – they’ll have a birthday party, but they won’t reveal a new phone. Story Timeline iPhone 8 could read your face in 3D space This awesome iPhone 8 concept puts the camera in the Apple One glorious, super-fragile "iPhone 8" iPhone 8 “Anniversary Edition” could cost more than $1,000 iPhone 8 wireless charging a 2017 certainty says analyst A $1,000 iPhone 8 "Anniversary Edition" makes perfect sense 5" iPhone 8 reportedly won't include wireless charger or 3.5mm dongle Tags ApplegoogleiOSiPhone 7iPhone 7 Plusiphone 8PhonessmartphoneWireless Charging Must Read Bits & Bytes PlayStation Now support is ending for many devices later this year Apple patents bezel-less iPhone tech to put Touch ID in display Fix self-driving car rules or face needless deaths, GM warns government Verizon’s Unlimited plan: Everything you need to know NES Classic Edition first impressions: Feels like the first time Latest Headlines Google, Amazon want smart speakers to be hands-free phones Feb 16, 2017 Moto G5, G5 Plus details leaked by retailer ahead of MWC debut Feb 16, 2017 iPhone 8’s 5.8-inch screen to have reserved function area Feb 15, 2017 LG G6’s UX 6.0 designed to exploit special 18:9 screen ratio Feb 15, 2017 IMAX virtual reality theater opens its doors in Los Angeles Feb 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Ford Fusion Sport Review: Blue Oval Q ship cancels mid-size family sedan boredom Feb 15, 2017 Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 All-in-One Windows 10 PC Review Feb 12, 2017 ROLI BLOCKS Review: Modular music system has room to grow Feb 11, 2017 2017 Dodge Durango R/T Review: No SRT required for this V8-powered SUV Feb 9, 2017 Huawei Mate 9 Review [International Edition] Feb 7, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Updates CarPlay UI To Show Recently Used Apps To Drivers By Corazon Victorino On 02/13/17 AT 11:04 AM Close Apple is always hard at work in improving its operating systems. Though the Cupertino giant is currently working on the iOS 10.3 update for its iPhones and iPads, it did not forget to also update its smartphone casting technology, called CarPlay. The update reportedly brings a very useful feature to the UI of the infotainment system. According to MacRumors, the small tweak to CarPlay that is made possible by iOS 10.3 makes a lot of difference to drivers. Apparently, Apple modified the left-aligned dock of CarPlay to accommodate three recently used apps. By displaying these apps, it cuts the time drivers spend on manually navigating the UI to look for the apps they need.  Prior this update, CarPlay had a not-so-complicated but impractical means of launching apps. Drivers had to go on the home screen first before they could open the app. This means they had to tap to go to the home screen first, then look for the app they want to use and tap them. The same process is needed to be done when switching to other apps. Thus, it could get laborious to drivers who wish to access apps while hitting the road.  Related Stories Apple Removes First VR Headset For iPhone From Apple Store Apple iPhone 8 Iris Scanner Confirmed? Verizon Announces Same-Day Cracked Screen Repair Service Now that the CarPlay’s UI has been updated however, drivers won’t have to worry about spending so much time on their infotainment system than keeping their eyes on the road. The addition of the recently used apps on the dock makes the process of switching to other apps seamless. Drivers can henceforth launch an app and just directly jump back to another recently opened one without leaving the home screen.  The UI tweak is only available via the iOS 10.3 beta for now. It has been in beta testing since late January. Once iOS 10.3 is officially released, the update will become accessible to all CarPlay drivers. As per The Verge, though this is not a huge change to the CarPlay software, it is something to be thankful for knowing that Apple is thinking of ways to make the interface of its software less complicated.  Apple has yet to reveal the release date of iOS 10.3. But so far, the update is getting positive reactions from beta testers. And this is not surprising because the upcoming software update comes with the Find My AirPods feature, a new app launch animation, bug fixes and many more.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology 5 Smartphone Trends For 2017 The technology is expected to go through major hardware innovations this year. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National Restaurants Show Solidarity With ‘Day Without Immigrants’ The grassroots campaign against President Donald Trump's policies has called on foreign-born people in the country to not work or spend money to demonstrate their importance. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE New 5.8-inch 'iPhone 8' to Feature 5.15-inch Display Region With 'Function Area' Below [Report] Apple Narrowly Beats Samsung in 4Q16 Smartphone Sales, BlackBerry Drops to 0% Market Share [Chart] Pioneer's New Lightning 'Rayz Plus' Earphones Let You Charge Your iPhone While You Listen [Video] Pokémon GO Update to Bring 80 New Pokémon [Video] T-Mobile Responds to Verizon Unlimited Data Plan With HD Video, 10GB Mobile Hotspot, 2 Lines for $100/Month Jaguar and Shell Announce In-Car Fuel Payment System With Apple Pay Support [Video] D-Link Omna 180 Camera With HomeKit Support Now Available to Purchase on Apple.com Elgato Eve App Gets Support for HomeKit Cameras, Fine Lighting Control, More Amazon Tap Gets Hands-Free Mode, Alexa Now Supports Outlook.com Calendars iPhone 8 to Feature Stacked Logic Board Making Space for Larger L-Shaped Battery Apple In Talks With BOE to Supply OLED Displays for the iPhone Apple Posts New Carnival Themed Ad for Portrait Mode on the iPhone 7 Plus [Video] Fox Releases 'Movie of the Day!' App for Apple TV Glass Chassis and Stainless Steel Frame Reiterated for 5.8-inch iPhone Facebook Officially Announces Upcoming Video App for Apple TV Amazon Announces 'Chime' Video Conferencing Service for iOS, Android, Mac, and Windows Apple Posts New Trailer for Upcoming 'Carpool Karaoke' Series on Apple Music [Video] Apple Joins Qi Wireless Power Consortium Ahead of iPhone 8 Apple Posts Trailer for Its Upcoming Series 'Planet of the Apps' [Video] Nest Announces Better Nest Cam Notifications, Automatic Door Detection Apple Orders 60 Million OLED Display Panels From Samsung [Report] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted February 13, 2017 at 3:50pm by iClarified · 4559 views · Translate Samsung Display has landed a huge $4.35 billion order for OLED displays from Apple, reports The Korea Herald. Totaling 13 trillion won so far, Samsung Display has proved a major supplier for Apple’s upcoming iPhone models, sources said Monday. Sources said the recent OLED order was for 60 million panels. This is on top of another order Samsung landed last April for 100 million OLED panels worth 8 trillion won. This means that Samsung will be supplying about 80% of the displays for the new iPhone based on an estimate that Apple will sell around 200 million units. Samsung has three OLED panel production lines in Cheonan and Asan in South Chungcheong Province of South Korea. Some sources say the company is considering building another plant in the vicinity of the current plants in order to meet soaring demand. The company declined to comment when questioned about the order from Apple. “We can’t officially comment on anything related to the order,” said a spokesman at Samsung Display. It's widely believed that the 10th anniversary iPhone will be a major update. It will purportedly have a front glass cover and chassis, joined by a metal bezel and an edge-to-edge display that has no bezels on the top and bottom. Additionally, the front camera, Touch ID, speaker, and other sensors will apparently be embedded into the display. Another report claims that the device would be a clear piece of glass with a next-generation OLED screen. More recently, Apple is said to be equipping the phone with wireless charging, an iris scanner, and a 3D camera. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment ASD - February 13, 2017 at 4:03pm Will it blow too lol Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Munster: Apple Is Taking Baby Steps Into Augmented Reality Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} February 13, 2017 10:58am   Comments Share: Related AAPL Apple, Alphabet, Panera, Tesla: Fast Money Picks For February 15 Paul Singer's Latest 13F Shows Big Changes In Apple, Western Digital Paid Search, Phone Calls Coming To Amazon Echo, Google Home? (Investor's Business Daily) Augmented Reality will eventually transform the way people interact with each other, replacing the smartphone and expanding the utility of computing, Loup Ventures’ Gene Munster said in a report. He believes the iPhone will be Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ: AAPL) “play in AR” over the next five years, and drive “their all-important Services business.” Referring to Tim Cook’s interview with The Independent, Munster commented that although the CEO didn't say anything new about AR, “the frequency with which he’s talking about a future product category is unprecedented in the 14 years we have been covering Apple.” See Also: Goldman Sachs Sees Increased Likelihood The iPhone 8 Will Include AR Content Baby Steps Towards AR Apple is unlikely to launch an AR wearable in the near term. “Our guess is 2020 at the earliest,” Muster wrote. He expects the company to launch iPhone X this fall, which may include improved 3D imaging technology that would position this iPhone as an AR device. “Apple will ease us into AR by building phones with powerful computer vision and mapping, which will enable developers to create a new category of AR apps,” Munster stated. These baby steps may not seem that exciting, but would lay the foundation of the next dominant computing platform. With Apple’s close integration of hardware and software, iPhones would likely be viewed as “the best implementation of AR over the next 2-5 years,” Munster commented. He expects Apple’s Services revenue to accelerate from about $30 billion in 2017 to $50 billion in 2020, accounting for 50-60 percent of the company’s revenue growth and 60-70 percent of earnings growth during that period. Posted-In: Gene Munster iPhone iPhone X Loup VenturesAnalyst Color Top Stories Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL) Apple, Alphabet, Panera, Tesla: Fast Money Picks For February 15 Paul Singer's Latest 13F Shows Big Changes In Apple, Western Digital Dysfunction, Heartbreak And Love: 11 Most Interesting Corporate Couples 13F Roundup: Apple, Bank Of America And Other Stocks Hedge Funds Love/Hate Kevin Kelly's Apple Options Trade For Music Lovers Who Download Rather Than Stream, iTunes Still Reigns Supreme View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 RELV, HLTH: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 NAK, RIO: Kerrisdale Capital: Northern Dynasty Stock 'Is A Zero' 3 TSLA: Tesla Continues March Toward New All-Time Highs 4 VMC, USCR: How Much Could It Cost To Fix Oroville Dam? 5 PLX, ZLTQ: 18 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Monday 6 DISCA, GIG: Must Watch Stocks for February... 7 AEHR, FIG: 25 Stocks Moving In W... 1 FOSL: Fossil Hits Rock Bottom After Q4 Miss 2 MYRG, CR: How To Trade The Expected Expansion In U.S. Infrastructure Spending 3 TWTR: Jack Dorsey Might Have Just Squashed Any Twitter M&A Talk Fo... 4 Lean Hog Futures Gains Erode 5 Corn Futures Little Higher 6 Soybean Futures Move Up 7 GRPN, BABA: Groupon Pops 20% After Q4 Beat, Alibaba Stake View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Tower Semiconductor Reaches January 2011 Levels After Q4 Beat Zeltiq Aesthetics Saw Aggressive Buying Ahead Of Allergan Takeover
Digital Trends Home > Cool Tech > Augmented reality could be the next big thing… Augmented reality could be the next big thing (like the smartphone), says Tim Cook By Lulu Chang — February 12, 2017 8:37 PM Subscribe Share Apple Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you Augmented reality has been around on the sidelines for awhile, but it could take a nudge from an industry heavyweight like Tim Cook to bring augmented reality to the main stage. Apple knows a thing or two about not only setting, but also spotting trends. So when CEO Tim Cook sings augmented reality’s praises, it may mean it’s time for us to perk up and listen. In an interview with The Independent during his visit to the U.K. this week, the Apple executive likened the emerging technology to the very established and ubiquitous technology of the smartphone. This certainly isn’t the first time Cook has highlighted the importance of AR in the future of the digital realm. In an interview with Good Morning America last September, Cook noted that he preferred augmented reality to virtual reality as it kept people grounded in the real world, instead of submersing them entirely in an alternate reality. More: Upcoming Snapchat feature will add augmented reality animations to scenes He expanded upon that viewpoint in his interview, noting, “I’m excited about Augmented Reality because unlike Virtual Reality which closes the world out, AR allows individuals to be present in the world but hopefully allows an improvement on what’s happening presently. Most people don’t want to lock themselves out from the world for a long period of time and today you can’t do that because you get sick from it.” Augmented reality, Cook argues, allows users to integrate technology into an existing world, which has more resonance. Calling the technology “a big idea like the smartphone,” Cook also spoke of the universal appeal of augmented reality. In the same way that the smartphone can be used by anyone and everyone, Cook believes that AR “could improve a lot of lives and be entertaining.” And this isn’t just talk from Cook — indeed, Apple has demonstrated its commitment to the technology by hiring a number of experts in the field. “I view AR like I view the silicon here in my iPhone, it’s not a product per se, it’s a core technology,” Cook concluded. “But there are things to discover before that technology is good enough for the mainstream. I do think there can be a lot of things that really help people out in daily life, real-life things, that’s why I get so excited about it.”
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Apple FCU Releases 2017 Top Tips for Homebuyers in Advance of Busy Spring Market FAIRFAX, Va.–()–With the spring market around the corner, Apple Federal Credit Union today released its 2017 list of Top Tips for Homebuyers to help new homebuyers prepare for the experience. Typically, the spring market between March and Memorial Day is the busiest of the year. “We expect a robust spring market in the Northern Virginia region. Despite the headlines touting rising interest rates above 4 percent, they are still well below 2013 levels, and we fully expect home sales to be brisk. Being prepared will help homebuyers get a home they want at a price they can afford,” says Jeffery A. Long, Vice President of Lending, Apple Federal Credit Union. Nationally, the Mortgage Bankers Association predicts mortgage purchases to rise to $1.1 trillion in 2017, up 10 percent from 2016. Early indicators from Apple FCU support this trend and reveal a strong local housing market. In addition, Zillow data shows the median home value in Washington, DC is $535,000, and is predicted to rise 4.5 percent this year. In Fairfax, VA, the median home value is $521,200 and expected to rise 3 percent within the next year. In all, home values in Northern Virginia are expected to grow between 2.5 and 4 percent. To capitalize on these strong market conditions, Apple FCU, which has 22 branches throughout Northern Virginia, has compiled this list of consumer tips to help make the process easier and better for homebuyers in the DC metro region—especially first-timers. Be Pre-Approved Rather Than Pre-Qualified. A pre-approved loan means that a lender has reviewed your mortgage application, credit, and other paperwork and has approved you for a loan of a specific amount. This helps guide your home search, since you know what loan amount you qualify for and allows your lender to pre-approve you in up to three days. In contrast, if you are pre-qualified, your lender has not done a complete application process so you may or may not qualify for the loan in question. Know What You Can Afford. What is your comfort level? Your lender will tell you what they think you can afford according to your pay stubs and debt-to-loan ratio, but that often is not your total financial picture. Do you pay for daycare, for instance? That can be substantial, so be sure to take things like that into consideration when you decide how much of a loan burden you want to carry. Save for a New Home. The money you save for your loan down payment should have two purposes. First, of course, is to secure your mortgage loan and lower your monthly payments. But in addition, it’s a good idea to put some of that money aside for unexpected problems. Understand Your Credit Score. Check your credit score and balances on your credit cards to ensure your debt is 50 percent below the amount of your credit line. For example, if you have a line of $10,000 on your credit card, ensure that your debt is no more than $5,000 or your credit score goes down. The lower your credit score, the more difficult it will be to get a mortgage loan. Ensure your credit card has been open a minimum of 12 months and you have a reliable payment record. Identify Your Lending Options. In addition to banks, check out credit unions and other non-profit lenders, as they often have rates that are lower because they do not have shareholders to pay. Other things to consider: is your loan going to be sold to another institution in another part of the country where you will never see a live representative over the 30 years of your loan? Will the lender take your character, personal history and other non-financial things into consideration when determining if they will qualify you for a loan? Realize that Lenders are Not Created Equally. Find out if loan decisions at your lender are made locally where the decision makers understand the local landscape, economy, and other issues that influence the market. Ask if your lender will help you if you are turned down for a loan. At Apple, for instance, loan experts sit down with potential homebuyers and explain why they didn’t qualify and counsel them on what to do over the next 6-12 months to improve their chances for a loan. Shop with a Professional Real Estate Agent. Working with an agent will save you time and frustration. These professionals are wired into expansive databases of inventory and can hone in on the location you choose. Some institutions can help connect you with trusted agents. For instance, Apple offers Home Advantage, a program which partners with real estate agents who are experienced, vetted, and rated by a national company. Buyers also receive a cash reward equal to 20 percent of the agent’s commission. To learn more, visit www.AppleFCU.org. About Apple Federal Credit Union As an organization, Apple FCU strives to improve lives and fulfill the dreams of our members. We believe this mission applies to the financial success of our members, as well as our efforts to increase opportunities for those within the community. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, commission, Companies, company, Economy, Headlines, Home and Garden, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cupid’s postcards aimed at Corbyn – Green Party’s Love Democracy campaign Next PostNext Lincoln Financial Group Broadens Its Suite of Guaranteed Lifetime Income Solutions with New Fee-Based Options Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Apple FCU Releases 2017 Top Tips for Homebuyers in Advance of Busy Spring Market FAIRFAX, Va.–()–With the spring market around the corner, Apple Federal Credit Union today released its 2017 list of Top Tips for Homebuyers to help new homebuyers prepare for the experience. Typically, the spring market between March and Memorial Day is the busiest of the year. “We expect a robust spring market in the Northern Virginia region. Despite the headlines touting rising interest rates above 4 percent, they are still well below 2013 levels, and we fully expect home sales to be brisk. Being prepared will help homebuyers get a home they want at a price they can afford,” says Jeffery A. Long, Vice President of Lending, Apple Federal Credit Union. Nationally, the Mortgage Bankers Association predicts mortgage purchases to rise to $1.1 trillion in 2017, up 10 percent from 2016. Early indicators from Apple FCU support this trend and reveal a strong local housing market. In addition, Zillow data shows the median home value in Washington, DC is $535,000, and is predicted to rise 4.5 percent this year. In Fairfax, VA, the median home value is $521,200 and expected to rise 3 percent within the next year. In all, home values in Northern Virginia are expected to grow between 2.5 and 4 percent. To capitalize on these strong market conditions, Apple FCU, which has 22 branches throughout Northern Virginia, has compiled this list of consumer tips to help make the process easier and better for homebuyers in the DC metro region—especially first-timers. Be Pre-Approved Rather Than Pre-Qualified. A pre-approved loan means that a lender has reviewed your mortgage application, credit, and other paperwork and has approved you for a loan of a specific amount. This helps guide your home search, since you know what loan amount you qualify for and allows your lender to pre-approve you in up to three days. In contrast, if you are pre-qualified, your lender has not done a complete application process so you may or may not qualify for the loan in question. Know What You Can Afford. What is your comfort level? Your lender will tell you what they think you can afford according to your pay stubs and debt-to-loan ratio, but that often is not your total financial picture. Do you pay for daycare, for instance? That can be substantial, so be sure to take things like that into consideration when you decide how much of a loan burden you want to carry. Save for a New Home. The money you save for your loan down payment should have two purposes. First, of course, is to secure your mortgage loan and lower your monthly payments. But in addition, it’s a good idea to put some of that money aside for unexpected problems. Understand Your Credit Score. Check your credit score and balances on your credit cards to ensure your debt is 50 percent below the amount of your credit line. For example, if you have a line of $10,000 on your credit card, ensure that your debt is no more than $5,000 or your credit score goes down. The lower your credit score, the more difficult it will be to get a mortgage loan. Ensure your credit card has been open a minimum of 12 months and you have a reliable payment record. Identify Your Lending Options. In addition to banks, check out credit unions and other non-profit lenders, as they often have rates that are lower because they do not have shareholders to pay. Other things to consider: is your loan going to be sold to another institution in another part of the country where you will never see a live representative over the 30 years of your loan? Will the lender take your character, personal history and other non-financial things into consideration when determining if they will qualify you for a loan? Realize that Lenders are Not Created Equally. Find out if loan decisions at your lender are made locally where the decision makers understand the local landscape, economy, and other issues that influence the market. Ask if your lender will help you if you are turned down for a loan. At Apple, for instance, loan experts sit down with potential homebuyers and explain why they didn’t qualify and counsel them on what to do over the next 6-12 months to improve their chances for a loan. Shop with a Professional Real Estate Agent. Working with an agent will save you time and frustration. These professionals are wired into expansive databases of inventory and can hone in on the location you choose. Some institutions can help connect you with trusted agents. For instance, Apple offers Home Advantage, a program which partners with real estate agents who are experienced, vetted, and rated by a national company. Buyers also receive a cash reward equal to 20 percent of the agent’s commission. To learn more, visit www.AppleFCU.org. About Apple Federal Credit Union As an organization, Apple FCU strives to improve lives and fulfill the dreams of our members. We believe this mission applies to the financial success of our members, as well as our efforts to increase opportunities for those within the community. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, commission, Companies, company, Economy, Headlines, Home and Garden, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cupid’s postcards aimed at Corbyn – Green Party’s Love Democracy campaign Next PostNext Lincoln Financial Group Broadens Its Suite of Guaranteed Lifetime Income Solutions with New Fee-Based Options Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Golden Apple Award Chicagoland Finalists Announced Golden Apple, a leading nonprofit committed to celebrating and developing great teachers who make life-changing differences in the lives of students, proudly announces the 34 finalists for the 2017 Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching. The awards recognize and honor outstanding teachers for their role in building a stronger, better-educated society. This year’s finalists were selected from a pool of more than 600 nominations, and represent 4th-8th grade teachers throughout the Chicagoland area. The 2017 Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching finalists are: 1. Cindy Adler, Chute Middle School, Evanston 2. Jessica Aranda, Joseph E. Gary Elementary School, Chicago 3. Scott Baeseman, Lake Forest Country Day School, Lake Forest 4. Andrea Beaty, Serena Hills Elementary School, Chicago Heights 5. Michelle Brezek, Heritage Middle School, Berwyn 6. Rick Coppola, South Loop Elementary School, Chicago 7. Fitzgerald Crame, Thomas Edison Regional Gifted Center, Chicago 8. Ann Cvitkovic, Lake Bluff Middle School, Lake Bluff 9. Christina Daskalopoulos, Viola H. Nelson Elementary School, Niles 10. Maureen DeVoss, Lotus Elementary School, Spring Grove 11. Shannon Dickinson, Chute Middle School, Evanston 12. David Downing, Northbrook Junior High School, Northbrook 13. Jennifer Eggert, DuJardin Elementary School, Bloomingdale 14. Sarah Faller, Jonathan Burr Elementary School, Chicago 15. Dimitra Georganas, Pleasantdale Middle School, Burr Ridge 16. Deborah Glowacki, John Palmer Elementary School, Chicago 17. Lynn Gorey, Maercker Elementary School, Westmont 18. Joseph Gray Jr., Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Elementary School, Oak Park 19. Desiree Guerrero, Conrad Fischer Elementary, Elmhurst 20. Brigette Hurst, Grove Avenue School, Barrington 21. Elizabeth Jiménez-Bure, Sunny Hill Elementary School, Carpentersville 22. Michelle Kedzierski, Orland Junior High, Orland Park 23. Kelli Kielusiak, St. Therese Chinese Catholic School, Chicago 24. Jacqueline Lauriat, Wheaton Christian Grammar School, Winfield 25. James O’Malley, Thomas A. Edison Elementary, Morton Grove 26. Sharon Ponder, Carter G. Woodson Elementary, Chicago 27. Hala Qato, Aqsa School, Bridgeview 28. Karen Ramirez, Richard J. Daley Academy, Chicago 29. Shawn Reddy, Philip Murray Elementary Language Academy, Chicago 30. Alison Ridgway, Skinner North Classical Elementary, Chicago 31. Berenice Salas, Academy for Global Citizenship, Chicago 32. Cara Spitzner, Ogden Avenue School, La Grange 33. Tyra Stall, Prince of Peace Catholic School, Lake Villa 34. Jane Szybowicz, Fox River Grove Middle School, Fox River Grove A Celebration of Excellence in honor of the finalists will be held on Saturday, March 4th at the Hilton Rosemont Chicago O’Hare. Event details and tickets are available at http://www.goldenapple.org/celebration. These finalists will experience a final round of review and classroom observations prior to the selection and announcement this spring of the 10 teacher award recipients. Golden Apple’s selection committee is comprised of college and university professors, educational consultants, administrators and former Golden Apple Award recipients. Committee members utilize industry and research-based professional standards to identify teachers who exemplify the best of the teaching profession. “Golden Apple has championed for decades the belief that superior teaching quality directly improves every child’s educational experience,” said Dominic Belmonte, Chief Executive Officer of Golden Apple. “These finalists are shining examples of the transformative power excellence in teaching plays in improving students’ lives. We are proud to continue our tradition of honoring teaching excellence and congratulate these candidates on their selection as finalists for the Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching.” We thank Northwestern University for providing each Golden Apple Award recipient with a tuition-free, spring quarter sabbatical to study at Northwestern University. Each recipient also receives a $5,000 cash award. Perhaps most importantly, award recipients become Fellows of the Golden Apple Academy of Educators, giving them a stronger voice and a larger stage from which to make a difference in education. Great leaders transform school communities and bring invaluable support to teachers. Therefore, Golden Apple also announced today 10 finalists for the Stanley C. Golder Leadership Award, which honors the exemplary performance and excellence in school leadership of a principal or head of school from the Chicagoland area. Learn more at: http://www.goldenapple.org/celebration. About Golden Apple 2017 marks Golden Apple’s 32nd year of innovating teacher preparation and leadership to transform both the careers of teachers as well as the lives of students in Illinois. Many of our Golden Apple Award recipients give back by participating as instructors, academic coaches, and mentors in both our aspiring teachers program (i.e., “The Golden Apple Scholars”) and our professional development program (i.e., “The Golden Apple STEM Institute”). Because the critical contributor to student achievement is the quality of the teacher in the classroom, Golden Apple provides exceptional teacher preparation for teachers at all stages of their careers. Our focus is on advancing educational excellence for Illinois’ most under-served students. Scholars are recruited from the communities in which they return to serve – with a passion for teaching and a drive to create positive change for young people in their communities. We enhance their college education with exemplary advanced teacher preparation, superior resources and lifelong support, and, they, in turn, stay in teaching at a school-of-need in Illinois for five or more years. Over 600 Scholars are currently preparing to become teachers in schools-of-need throughout Illinois. Golden Apple is comprised of recognized superior educators, including Golden Apple Award recipients and finalists, leading a passionate team of devoted staff with technical and program expertise, as well as a connected and committed board of directors charged with overseeing our strategic vision. Visit http://www.goldenapple.org for more information. Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14062415.htm CategoriesUncategorized Tagsacademy, Education, High School Sports, honor, Industry, officer, peace, staff, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Valentine’s Day Survey Surprisingly Reveals Men are More Likely than Women to Drop Hints about Wanting to Get Married Next PostNext North Star Mutual Insurance Converts to OnBase by Hyland to Support its Digital-First Technology Vision Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Golden Apple Award Chicagoland Finalists Announced Chicago, IL February 13, 2017 Golden Apple, a leading nonprofit committed to celebrating and developing great teachers who make life-changing differences in the lives of students, proudly announces the 34 finalists for the 2017 Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching. The awards recognize and honor outstanding teachers for their role in building a stronger, better-educated society. This year’s finalists were selected from a pool of more than 600 nominations, and represent 4th-8th grade teachers throughout the Chicagoland area. The 2017 Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching finalists are: 1. Cindy Adler, Chute Middle School, Evanston 2. Jessica Aranda, Joseph E. Gary Elementary School, Chicago 3. Scott Baeseman, Lake Forest Country Day School, Lake Forest 4. Andrea Beaty, Serena Hills Elementary School, Chicago Heights 5. Michelle Brezek, Heritage Middle School, Berwyn 6. Rick Coppola, South Loop Elementary School, Chicago 7. Fitzgerald Crame, Thomas Edison Regional Gifted Center, Chicago 8. Ann Cvitkovic, Lake Bluff Middle School, Lake Bluff 9. Christina Daskalopoulos, Viola H. Nelson Elementary School, Niles 10. Maureen DeVoss, Lotus Elementary School, Spring Grove 11. Shannon Dickinson, Chute Middle School, Evanston 12. David Downing, Northbrook Junior High School, Northbrook 13. Jennifer Eggert, DuJardin Elementary School, Bloomingdale 14. Sarah Faller, Jonathan Burr Elementary School, Chicago 15. Dimitra Georganas, Pleasantdale Middle School, Burr Ridge 16. Deborah Glowacki, John Palmer Elementary School, Chicago 17. Lynn Gorey, Maercker Elementary School, Westmont 18. Joseph Gray Jr., Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Elementary School, Oak Park 19. Desiree Guerrero, Conrad Fischer Elementary, Elmhurst 20. Brigette Hurst, Grove Avenue School, Barrington 21. Elizabeth Jiménez-Bure, Sunny Hill Elementary School, Carpentersville 22. Michelle Kedzierski, Orland Junior High, Orland Park 23. Kelli Kielusiak, St. Therese Chinese Catholic School, Chicago 24. Jacqueline Lauriat, Wheaton Christian Grammar School, Winfield 25. James O’Malley, Thomas A. Edison Elementary, Morton Grove 26. Sharon Ponder, Carter G. Woodson Elementary, Chicago 27. Hala Qato, Aqsa School, Bridgeview 28. Karen Ramirez, Richard J. Daley Academy, Chicago 29. Shawn Reddy, Philip Murray Elementary Language Academy, Chicago 30. Alison Ridgway, Skinner North Classical Elementary, Chicago 31. Berenice Salas, Academy for Global Citizenship, Chicago 32. Cara Spitzner, Ogden Avenue School, La Grange 33. Tyra Stall, Prince of Peace Catholic School, Lake Villa 34. Jane Szybowicz, Fox River Grove Middle School, Fox River Grove A Celebration of Excellence in honor of the finalists will be held on Saturday, March 4th at the Hilton Rosemont Chicago O’Hare. Event details and tickets are available at http://www.goldenapple.org/celebration. These finalists will experience a final round of review and classroom observations prior to the selection and announcement this spring of the 10 teacher award recipients. Golden Apple’s selection committee is comprised of college and university professors, educational consultants, administrators and former Golden Apple Award recipients. Committee members utilize industry and research-based professional standards to identify teachers who exemplify the best of the teaching profession. “Golden Apple has championed for decades the belief that superior teaching quality directly improves every child’s educational experience,” said Dominic Belmonte, Chief Executive Officer of Golden Apple. “These finalists are shining examples of the transformative power excellence in teaching plays in improving students’ lives. We are proud to continue our tradition of honoring teaching excellence and congratulate these candidates on their selection as finalists for the Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching.” We thank Northwestern University for providing each Golden Apple Award recipient with a tuition-free, spring quarter sabbatical to study at Northwestern University. Each recipient also receives a $5,000 cash award. Perhaps most importantly, award recipients become Fellows of the Golden Apple Academy of Educators, giving them a stronger voice and a larger stage from which to make a difference in education. Great leaders transform school communities and bring invaluable support to teachers. Therefore, Golden Apple also announced today 10 finalists for the Stanley C. Golder Leadership Award, which honors the exemplary performance and excellence in school leadership of a principal or head of school from the Chicagoland area. Learn more at: http://www.goldenapple.org/celebration. About Golden Apple 2017 marks Golden Apple’s 32nd year of innovating teacher preparation and leadership to transform both the careers of teachers as well as the lives of students in Illinois. Many of our Golden Apple Award recipients give back by participating as instructors, academic coaches, and mentors in both our aspiring teachers program (i.e., “The Golden Apple Scholars”) and our professional development program (i.e., “The Golden Apple STEM Institute”). Because the critical contributor to student achievement is the quality of the teacher in the classroom, Golden Apple provides exceptional teacher preparation for teachers at all stages of their careers. Our focus is on advancing educational excellence for Illinois’ most under-served students. Scholars are recruited from the communities in which they return to serve – with a passion for teaching and a drive to create positive change for young people in their communities. We enhance their college education with exemplary advanced teacher preparation, superior resources and lifelong support, and, they, in turn, stay in teaching at a school-of-need in Illinois for five or more years. Over 600 Scholars are currently preparing to become teachers in schools-of-need throughout Illinois. Golden Apple is comprised of recognized superior educators, including Golden Apple Award recipients and finalists, leading a passionate team of devoted staff with technical and program expertise, as well as a connected and committed board of directors charged with overseeing our strategic vision. Visit http://www.goldenapple.org for more information. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsacademy, Education, High School Sports, honor, Industry, officer, peace, staff, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Maven Launches City Car Sharing in Atlanta Next PostNext Demand for Fully Synthetic Engine Oils to Grow 5% Annually Through 2020 Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Golden Apple Award Chicagoland Finalists Announced Chicago, IL February 13, 2017 Golden Apple, a leading nonprofit committed to celebrating and developing great teachers who make life-changing differences in the lives of students, proudly announces the 34 finalists for the 2017 Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching. The awards recognize and honor outstanding teachers for their role in building a stronger, better-educated society. This year’s finalists were selected from a pool of more than 600 nominations, and represent 4th-8th grade teachers throughout the Chicagoland area. The 2017 Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching finalists are: 1. Cindy Adler, Chute Middle School, Evanston 2. Jessica Aranda, Joseph E. Gary Elementary School, Chicago 3. Scott Baeseman, Lake Forest Country Day School, Lake Forest 4. Andrea Beaty, Serena Hills Elementary School, Chicago Heights 5. Michelle Brezek, Heritage Middle School, Berwyn 6. Rick Coppola, South Loop Elementary School, Chicago 7. Fitzgerald Crame, Thomas Edison Regional Gifted Center, Chicago 8. Ann Cvitkovic, Lake Bluff Middle School, Lake Bluff 9. Christina Daskalopoulos, Viola H. Nelson Elementary School, Niles 10. Maureen DeVoss, Lotus Elementary School, Spring Grove 11. Shannon Dickinson, Chute Middle School, Evanston 12. David Downing, Northbrook Junior High School, Northbrook 13. Jennifer Eggert, DuJardin Elementary School, Bloomingdale 14. Sarah Faller, Jonathan Burr Elementary School, Chicago 15. Dimitra Georganas, Pleasantdale Middle School, Burr Ridge 16. Deborah Glowacki, John Palmer Elementary School, Chicago 17. Lynn Gorey, Maercker Elementary School, Westmont 18. Joseph Gray Jr., Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Elementary School, Oak Park 19. Desiree Guerrero, Conrad Fischer Elementary, Elmhurst 20. Brigette Hurst, Grove Avenue School, Barrington 21. Elizabeth Jiménez-Bure, Sunny Hill Elementary School, Carpentersville 22. Michelle Kedzierski, Orland Junior High, Orland Park 23. Kelli Kielusiak, St. Therese Chinese Catholic School, Chicago 24. Jacqueline Lauriat, Wheaton Christian Grammar School, Winfield 25. James O’Malley, Thomas A. Edison Elementary, Morton Grove 26. Sharon Ponder, Carter G. Woodson Elementary, Chicago 27. Hala Qato, Aqsa School, Bridgeview 28. Karen Ramirez, Richard J. Daley Academy, Chicago 29. Shawn Reddy, Philip Murray Elementary Language Academy, Chicago 30. Alison Ridgway, Skinner North Classical Elementary, Chicago 31. Berenice Salas, Academy for Global Citizenship, Chicago 32. Cara Spitzner, Ogden Avenue School, La Grange 33. Tyra Stall, Prince of Peace Catholic School, Lake Villa 34. Jane Szybowicz, Fox River Grove Middle School, Fox River Grove A Celebration of Excellence in honor of the finalists will be held on Saturday, March 4th at the Hilton Rosemont Chicago O’Hare. Event details and tickets are available at http://www.goldenapple.org/celebration. These finalists will experience a final round of review and classroom observations prior to the selection and announcement this spring of the 10 teacher award recipients. Golden Apple’s selection committee is comprised of college and university professors, educational consultants, administrators and former Golden Apple Award recipients. Committee members utilize industry and research-based professional standards to identify teachers who exemplify the best of the teaching profession. “Golden Apple has championed for decades the belief that superior teaching quality directly improves every child’s educational experience,” said Dominic Belmonte, Chief Executive Officer of Golden Apple. “These finalists are shining examples of the transformative power excellence in teaching plays in improving students’ lives. We are proud to continue our tradition of honoring teaching excellence and congratulate these candidates on their selection as finalists for the Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching.” We thank Northwestern University for providing each Golden Apple Award recipient with a tuition-free, spring quarter sabbatical to study at Northwestern University. Each recipient also receives a $5,000 cash award. Perhaps most importantly, award recipients become Fellows of the Golden Apple Academy of Educators, giving them a stronger voice and a larger stage from which to make a difference in education. Great leaders transform school communities and bring invaluable support to teachers. Therefore, Golden Apple also announced today 10 finalists for the Stanley C. Golder Leadership Award, which honors the exemplary performance and excellence in school leadership of a principal or head of school from the Chicagoland area. Learn more at: http://www.goldenapple.org/celebration. About Golden Apple 2017 marks Golden Apple’s 32nd year of innovating teacher preparation and leadership to transform both the careers of teachers as well as the lives of students in Illinois. Many of our Golden Apple Award recipients give back by participating as instructors, academic coaches, and mentors in both our aspiring teachers program (i.e., “The Golden Apple Scholars”) and our professional development program (i.e., “The Golden Apple STEM Institute”). Because the critical contributor to student achievement is the quality of the teacher in the classroom, Golden Apple provides exceptional teacher preparation for teachers at all stages of their careers. Our focus is on advancing educational excellence for Illinois’ most under-served students. Scholars are recruited from the communities in which they return to serve – with a passion for teaching and a drive to create positive change for young people in their communities. We enhance their college education with exemplary advanced teacher preparation, superior resources and lifelong support, and, they, in turn, stay in teaching at a school-of-need in Illinois for five or more years. Over 600 Scholars are currently preparing to become teachers in schools-of-need throughout Illinois. Golden Apple is comprised of recognized superior educators, including Golden Apple Award recipients and finalists, leading a passionate team of devoted staff with technical and program expertise, as well as a connected and committed board of directors charged with overseeing our strategic vision. Visit http://www.goldenapple.org for more information. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsacademy, Education, High School Sports, honor, Industry, officer, peace, staff, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Maven Launches City Car Sharing in Atlanta Next PostNext Demand for Fully Synthetic Engine Oils to Grow 5% Annually Through 2020 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Movies Deals Apple’s Carpool Karaoke Gets First Trailer [WATCH] Share Tweet These Earphones Let You Charge Your iPhone 7 While You Listen! Now On iTunes: Legion, S1. Premiere Episode. Dirty Dancing Turns 30: Special “Collector’s Edition” Hits iTunes ‘Planet Of The Apps’ Looks Like Shark Tank — On Steroids [WATCH] Apple Apple’s Carpool Karaoke Gets First Trailer [WATCH] By Arron Hirst 13th Feb 17 2:48 pm Share Tweet Apple on Sunday debuted the first trailer for its anticipated Carpool Karaoke spin-off series, which will mark the start of the company’s move into original content and is expected to begin streaming on Apple Music – later this year. The ad which aired during the 2017 Grammy Awards provides the first real look at what subscribers can ultimately expect from the weekly James Corden-directed series. The airing of the show’s trailer follows Variety spilling further detail on the series, including some of the celebrity pairings and hosts viewers can expect to see – last month, and comes just months after Apple itself publicly secured the rights to stream its version of the Corden viral juggernaut to its growing list of subscribers. “[…] Those pairings include more traditional musical choices like John Legend and Alicia Keys and Seth MacFarlane and Ariana Grande, but also more outside-the-box choices like Billy Eichner in the passenger seat, surrounded by the band Metallica, or former NFL star and talk show host Michael Strahan and NASCAR driver Jeff Gordon.” Right now, Apple isn’t saying when you’ll be able to hit play on that first episode — but we’ll be sure to bring you the latest on the firm’s imminent move into original content, as it happens. / YouTube UPDATE Extended version of the trailer embedded below. Not yet a Member? Subscribe to Apple Music New members get 3 months free. Student? Save 50% on your monthly Apple Music subscription. Subject to eligibility. Continue Reading You may also like... These Earphones Let You Charge Your iPhone 7 While You Listen! Now On iTunes: Legion, S1. Premiere Episode. Dirty Dancing Turns 30: Special “Collector’s Edition” Hits iTunes ‘Planet Of The Apps’ Looks Like Shark Tank — On Steroids [WATCH] Related Topics:Apple, Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke, Carpool Karaoke: The Series, CORDEN, First Trailer, GRAMMYs, Music, Streaming, Sunday, Television, Trailer, TV, Video, Watch Now Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Apple Apple The AirPod Effect: 72-Hrs With Apple’s Wireless Buds By Arron Hirst12th Feb 17 9:52 pm Apple’s AirPods have officially reached ‘gold dust’ status, amid a 6-week minimum shipping delay online –... Apple AppleInsider Posts “Long-Term” Review of Apple’s AirPods [VIDEO] By Arron Hirst8th Feb 17 9:00 am The Apple-watching site having tested the company’s wireless earbuds for over a month, says that it... Apple As Global AirPods Shortage Continues, Online Auction Prices Rise … By Arron Hirst8th Feb 17 5:37 am Whether or not the current stock availability surrounding Apple’s AirPods is down to actual consumer sales,... Apple Tech Giants Work To Pen Letter Opposing Trump Immigration Order By Arron Hirst2nd Feb 17 11:19 am It’s no secret that Silicon Valley has been expressly vocal about its complete opposition to the... Apple AirPods Bumped To Software Version 3.5.1 By Arron Hirst2nd Feb 17 8:34 am Owners of Apple’s wireless earbuds may be excited to hear that the firm quietly updated the... Apple Apple Sets All-Time Records for iPhone, Mac and Apple Watch By Arron Hirst31st Jan 17 11:11 pm As expected, Apple has posted its earnings results for the first quarter of 2017. Apple Apple FY Q1, 2017 Earnings Preview By Arron Hirst30th Jan 17 11:31 pm Currently expected to announce its fiscal Q1 earnings results for 2017 – tomorrow, AboveAvalon on Monday... Apple Tim Cook Just Sold Another 30,000 $AAPL Shares… By Arron Hirst28th Jan 17 10:15 pm The Apple CEO just offloaded his second batch of shares … in the space of a... Apple This Service Claims To Turn Your AirPods Black … (No, Srsly). By Arron Hirst27th Jan 17 10:47 pm So after weeks and months of waiting — you finally got your hands on Apple’s iconic... The RAZBlast™ A weekly roundup of what's new, breaking and trending — Coming Summer 2017. Get in early and subscribe today ... It's FREE! Email Address Buy Now on Amazon UK Weekly Pick (iPhone) Version: 1.8.1 iPhone + iPad Galaxy Legend FREE Trending Now App Store The Ultimate List Of Valentines Day iOS App Sales iPhone These Earphones Let You Charge Your iPhone 7 While You Listen! Music Returning This Week: Prince, Blondie …and More! [LISTEN] TV ‘Planet Of The Apps’ Looks Like Shark Tank — On Steroids [WATCH] Deals Dirty Dancing Turns 30: Special “Collector’s Edition” Hits iTunes iTunes Now On iTunes: Legion, S1. Premiere Episode. Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Wearables | That's a word, right? Music | Beats 1 ... and beyond. TV | See what's hot on the big-screen. Movies | ... and the silver screen! You May Also Like … Square Enix Debuts “Lara Croft GO” for iOS Google Releases New Apps On iOS OS X Yosemite: Every Bit As Powerful As It Looks. Weed Firm Pulled From Top Spot Following App Store Controversy Now On iTunes: “When The Beat Drops Out” By Marlon Roudette [LISTEN] ﻿﻿﻿﻿ Top PAID BUY Minecraft: Pocket Edition BUY OK Golf BUY Enlight More Charts ﻿﻿﻿﻿ Top FREE GET Bitmoji - Your Personal Emoji GET Chameleon Run GET Snapchat More Charts Hot Movies Explore these trending movies. ﻿ BUY Doctor Strange (2016) $19.99 BUY Arrival $14.99 BUY The Edge of Seventeen $14.99 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. Emoji art supplied by EmojiOne. version 10.0 To Top
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This is the biggest hint yet that Apple’s next iPhone will have wireless charging Kif Leswing Feb. 13, 2017, 10:29 AM 14,657 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple Watch wireless charger.Apple Apple has joined the Wireless Power Consortium, an industry group that develops a widely-used wireless charging standard, an Apple spokesperson told Business Insider. Apple joined WPC late last week, a WPC spokesperson said. WPC oversees a charging standard called Qi that insures interoperability among different products and brands that support wireless charging. Qi tech can be found on devices like Samsung's Galaxy S7 smartphone, for example.  When using a Qi charger, the user merely drops his device on a compatible charging pad and it can draw power without plugging a cord in, although the pad needs to be connected to the wall.  Although Apple's iPhone 7 doesn't use wireless charging, unlike many of its smartphone competitors, the Apple Watch uses a proprietary wireless charging puck to charge up. However, that puck is not compatible with other Qi chargers.  The Apple Watch charger is using a modified version of Qi that is not interoperable with other wireless chargers. “The Apple Watch charger that comes with the device is Qi based, but the firm decided not to submit it for interoperability testing,” a former WPC VP said in 2015.  Despite Apple's penchant for secrecy, it frequently joins important industry groups so it can participate in the development of new technologies and understand where they're going. For example, it recently hosted a meeting of the Unicode Consortium at its headquarters.  An Apple spokesperson provided this statement:  "Apple is an active member of many standards development organizations, as both a leader and contributor. Apple is joining the Wireless Power Consortium to be able to participate and contribute ideas to the open, collaborative development of future wireless charging standards. We look forward to working together with the WPC and its members.” Here's what WPC said about adding Apple to its members list:  "The companies with the largest market share in mobile phones are now members of the WPC and discussing the standardization of wireless charging.  As we have seen in the past year, Qi has become the de facto standard for wireless power, and this year we expect to see even more momentum by the entire ecosystem." Apple is rumored to be adding wireless charging to the next model of the iPhone, which is expected to launch this fall, but Apple declined to comment on future products.  EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: The iPhone 8 will likely have wireless charging — but that could make it prone to overheating More: Apple Wireless charging WPC iPhone iPhone 8 Wireless Power Consortium Samsung Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy S7 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This is the biggest hint yet that Apple’s next iPhone will have wireless charging This is the biggest hint yet that Apple’s next iPhone will have wireless charging Apple has joined the Wireless Power Consortium... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE New 5.8-inch 'iPhone 8' to Feature 5.15-inch Display Region With 'Function Area' Below [Report] Apple Narrowly Beats Samsung in 4Q16 Smartphone Sales, BlackBerry Drops to 0% Market Share [Chart] Pioneer's New Lightning 'Rayz Plus' Earphones Let You Charge Your iPhone While You Listen [Video] Pokémon GO Update to Bring 80 New Pokémon [Video] T-Mobile Responds to Verizon Unlimited Data Plan With HD Video, 10GB Mobile Hotspot, 2 Lines for $100/Month Jaguar and Shell Announce In-Car Fuel Payment System With Apple Pay Support [Video] D-Link Omna 180 Camera With HomeKit Support Now Available to Purchase on Apple.com Elgato Eve App Gets Support for HomeKit Cameras, Fine Lighting Control, More Amazon Tap Gets Hands-Free Mode, Alexa Now Supports Outlook.com Calendars iPhone 8 to Feature Stacked Logic Board Making Space for Larger L-Shaped Battery Apple In Talks With BOE to Supply OLED Displays for the iPhone Apple Posts New Carnival Themed Ad for Portrait Mode on the iPhone 7 Plus [Video] Fox Releases 'Movie of the Day!' App for Apple TV Glass Chassis and Stainless Steel Frame Reiterated for 5.8-inch iPhone Facebook Officially Announces Upcoming Video App for Apple TV Amazon Announces 'Chime' Video Conferencing Service for iOS, Android, Mac, and Windows Apple Posts New Trailer for Upcoming 'Carpool Karaoke' Series on Apple Music [Video] Apple Joins Qi Wireless Power Consortium Ahead of iPhone 8 Apple Posts Trailer for Its Upcoming Series 'Planet of the Apps' [Video] Nest Announces Better Nest Cam Notifications, Automatic Door Detection Apple Joins Qi Wireless Power Consortium Ahead of iPhone 8 LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted February 13, 2017 at 3:31pm by iClarified · 5465 views · Translate Apple has joined the Wireless Power Consortium behind Qi and is now being listed as an official member on their website. Many predict that Apple will add wireless charging to its upcoming 10th anniversary smartphone; however, which technology Apple will choose to implement is unclear. Earlier reports indicated that it could be long range wireless charging, perhaps using technology from Energous but more recent reports have suggested that the company is going with induction. While long range wireless charging may have been the goal, IHS Technology thinks Apple couldn't wait any longer. The success of wireless charging adoption from Apple’s competitors is something that Apple can no longer ignore. IHS Technology consumer survey data shows over 90% of consumers want wireless charging on their next device. Qi supports both inductive charging and resonant charging; however, the resonant charging is currently limited to just 45mm between the transmitter and receiver. Apple's Qi membership doesn't necessarily mean that the company has selected its technology for the iPhone 8 but it does point in that direction. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More [via 9to5Mac] Follow iClarified Comments (5) Add Comment Mang Domeng - February 13, 2017 at 8:56pm Long range wireless charging is a true wireless charging innovation. The wireless charging that we know now are for kids who brag their phone can be charged wirelessly but you need to have lots of charging pads at home to enjoy what they say wireless charging. If Apple pull this trick in their iPhones plus longer battery life the competition is over. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam TopgearUY - February 13, 2017 at 5:17pm The tech yet has it´s problems, regarding efficiency and safety. As always Apple will get into the tech if it mature enough that the user experience is good. It´s all about user experience, not to be the first. If both can be achieved, that´s the ideal. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam ASD - February 13, 2017 at 4:03pm too late apple WTF Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Carsten - February 13, 2017 at 3:47pm Nope! I'd rather want Apple to wait until they can implement the long range wireless charging. I think wireless charging at this moment is way overrated. I want to be able to hold my phone and operate it while it is charging. The current technology for that is insufficient in sooooooooo many ways. Apple stands for revolutionary innovations, going with the mainstream isn't revolutionary at all. I'd suggest to put of wireless charging until it can be done long range. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Kk - February 13, 2017 at 3:43pm 2015 was suppose to be the year of wireless charging. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Golden Apple Award Chicagoland Finalists Announced Golden Apple Award Chicagoland Finalists Announced Posted on February 13, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases 32nd Anniversary of the Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching Chicago, IL (PRWEB) February 13, 2017 Golden Apple, a leading nonprofit committed to celebrating and developing great teachers who make life-changing differences in the lives of students, proudly announces the 34 finalists for the 2017 Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching. The awards recognize and honor outstanding teachers for their role in building a stronger, better-educated society. This year’s finalists were selected from a pool of more than 600 nominations, and represent 4th-8th grade teachers throughout the Chicagoland area. The 2017 Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching finalists are: 1. Cindy Adler, Chute Middle School, Evanston 2. Jessica Aranda, Joseph E. Gary Elementary School, Chicago 3. Scott Baeseman, Lake Forest Country Day School, Lake Forest 4. Andrea Beaty, Serena Hills Elementary School, Chicago Heights 5. Michelle Brezek, Heritage Middle School, Berwyn 6. Rick Coppola, South Loop Elementary School, Chicago 7. Fitzgerald Crame, Thomas Edison Regional Gifted Center, Chicago 8. Ann Cvitkovic, Lake Bluff Middle School, Lake Bluff 9. Christina Daskalopoulos, Viola H. Nelson Elementary School, Niles 10. Maureen DeVoss, Lotus Elementary School, Spring Grove 11. Shannon Dickinson, Chute Middle School, Evanston 12. David Downing, Northbrook Junior High School, Northbrook 13. Jennifer Eggert, DuJardin Elementary School, Bloomingdale 14. Sarah Faller, Jonathan Burr Elementary School, Chicago 15. Dimitra Georganas, Pleasantdale Middle School, Burr Ridge 16. Deborah Glowacki, John Palmer Elementary School, Chicago 17. Lynn Gorey, Maercker Elementary School, Westmont 18. Joseph Gray Jr., Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Elementary School, Oak Park 19. Desiree Guerrero, Conrad Fischer Elementary, Elmhurst 20. Brigette Hurst, Grove Avenue School, Barrington 21. Elizabeth Jiménez-Bure, Sunny Hill Elementary School, Carpentersville 22. Michelle Kedzierski, Orland Junior High, Orland Park 23. Kelli Kielusiak, St. Therese Chinese Catholic School, Chicago 24. Jacqueline Lauriat, Wheaton Christian Grammar School, Winfield 25. James O'Malley, Thomas A. Edison Elementary, Morton Grove 26. Sharon Ponder, Carter G. Woodson Elementary, Chicago 27. Hala Qato, Aqsa School, Bridgeview 28. Karen Ramirez, Richard J. Daley Academy, Chicago 29. Shawn Reddy, Philip Murray Elementary Language Academy, Chicago 30. Alison Ridgway, Skinner North Classical Elementary, Chicago 31. Berenice Salas, Academy for Global Citizenship, Chicago 32. Cara Spitzner, Ogden Avenue School, La Grange 33. Tyra Stall, Prince of Peace Catholic School, Lake Villa 34. Jane Szybowicz, Fox River Grove Middle School, Fox River Grove A Celebration of Excellence in honor of the finalists will be held on Saturday, March 4th at the Hilton Rosemont Chicago O’Hare. Event details and tickets are available at http://www.goldenapple.org/celebration. These finalists will experience a final round of review and classroom observations prior to the selection and announcement this spring of the 10 teacher award recipients. Golden Apple’s selection committee is comprised of college and university professors, educational consultants, administrators and former Golden Apple Award recipients. Committee members utilize industry and research-based professional standards to identify teachers who exemplify the best of the teaching profession. "Golden Apple has championed for decades the belief that superior teaching quality directly improves every child’s educational experience,” said Dominic Belmonte, Chief Executive Officer of Golden Apple. “These finalists are shining examples of the transformative power excellence in teaching plays in improving students’ lives. We are proud to continue our tradition of honoring teaching excellence and congratulate these candidates on their selection as finalists for the Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching.” We thank Northwestern University for providing each Golden Apple Award recipient with a tuition-free, spring quarter sabbatical to study at Northwestern University. Each recipient also receives a $5,000 cash award. Perhaps most importantly, award recipients become Fellows of the Golden Apple Academy of Educators, giving them a stronger voice and a larger stage from which to make a difference in education. Great leaders transform school communities and bring invaluable support to teachers. Therefore, Golden Apple also announced today 10 finalists for the Stanley C. Golder Leadership Award, which honors the exemplary performance and excellence in school leadership of a principal or head of school from the Chicagoland area. Learn more at: http://www.goldenapple.org/celebration. About Golden Apple 2017 marks Golden Apple’s 32nd year of innovating teacher preparation and leadership to transform both the careers of teachers as well as the lives of students in Illinois. Many of our Golden Apple Award recipients give back by participating as instructors, academic coaches, and mentors in both our aspiring teachers program (i.e., “The Golden Apple Scholars”) and our professional development program (i.e., “The Golden Apple STEM Institute”). Because the critical contributor to student achievement is the quality of the teacher in the classroom, Golden Apple provides exceptional teacher preparation for teachers at all stages of their careers. Our focus is on advancing educational excellence for Illinois’ most under-served students. Scholars are recruited from the communities in which they return to serve – with a passion for teaching and a drive to create positive change for young people in their communities. We enhance their college education with exemplary advanced teacher preparation, superior resources and lifelong support, and, they, in turn, stay in teaching at a school-of-need in Illinois for five or more years. Over 600 Scholars are currently preparing to become teachers in schools-of-need throughout Illinois. Golden Apple is comprised of recognized superior educators, including Golden Apple Award recipients and finalists, leading a passionate team of devoted staff with technical and program expertise, as well as a connected and committed board of directors charged with overseeing our strategic vision. Visit http://www.goldenapple.org for more information. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14062415.htm Latest News Trident University Welcomes New Health Sciences Doctoral Studies Director Westchester’s Leading Hard Surface Restoration Company Sir Grout Receives The 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award Optronics Launches Bold New Merchandising Program at HDAW Sir Grout’s Franchises are Recognized Once Again by the 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award for Their Unparalleled Work Sir Grout of Atlanta Celebrates Third Successive Year Winning the Angie’s List Super Service Award Ximen Mining Corp. Plans for 2017 Vendavo Launches Customer Operations Team Colorado Architects Arch11 Design Luxury Sustainable Mountain Getaway that Syncs with Nature Pacifica Paso Robles Commercial Real Estate Releases 2016 Market Report Lamination Depot Triples Warehouse Capacity with Move to New Location © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple suspends sales of its new LG 5K monitor due to hardware issues Steve Kovach Feb. 13, 2017, 9:33 AM 54,945 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Apple has suspended sales of the new LG 5K UltraFine monitor that launched last fall along with the new MacBook Pro due to hardware issues, a source familiar with the matter told Business Insider. We were able to confirm that Apple ordered the sales suspension by calling a representative at an Apple Store in New York. The representative also confirmed there's a hardware issue with the new monitor. Our source says Apple Store employees were instructed this weekend to continue to display the LG monitors on the show floor but not sell them if a customer wants one. Instead, customers will be told to order the display from Apple's online store. The display had a 5 to 6 week shipping time as of Monday morning, but we're told by someone close to the matter that that timing will go down soon. Apple helped LG develop the UltraFine monitor and launch it with the new MacBook Pro. But since the monitor's launch, there have been reports of problems such as screen flickering, interference with nearby routers, and other issues. There's an entire thread of the problems documented on this MacRumors forum. The collaboration with LG was a signal that Apple doesn't intend to make its own monitors anymore. Its last monitor was the Cinema Display, which hasn't been updated in years. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. We've reached out to LG for comment. SEE ALSO: We're witnessing the slow-motion collapse of the smartwatch NOW WATCH: 7 little-known benefits of Amazon Prime Loading video... More: Apple LG LG UltraFine Display 5k MacBook Pro Monitors LG UltraFine 5K Monitor facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple suspends sales of its new LG 5K monitor due to hardware issues Apple suspends sales of its new LG 5K monitor due to hardware issues Apple has suspended sales of the new LG 5K... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Australian Banks Seek Open Access to NFC Functions of Apple Pay in New Application Monday February 13, 2017 6:21 am PST by Mitchel Broussard A group of Australia's biggest banks have again applied to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) in a bid to negotiate with Apple over Apple Pay. The banks -- including Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac -- today announced that they have "narrowed" their application with the ACCC to focus on gaining open access to the NFC function integral to Apple Pay. The new application echoes the banks' original, filed last July, which also included gaining access to the NFC-based mobile payments software in iPhones. Apple currently only allows its own mobile payment system to access the NFC-hardware in its iPhone devices, which banks argue is an anti-competitive restriction that hampers consumer choice. The banks say that while Apple has a "stranglehold" on this technology, no actual competition can take place in the mobile wallet marketplace. Open access to the NFC function on iPhone is required to enable real choice and real competition for consumers, and to facilitate innovation and investment in the digital wallets available to Australians. Without open NFC access on iPhone, no genuine competition in the provision of mobile wallets is possible and Apple will have a stranglehold on this strategically important future market. Previously, the coalition of banks also sought to challenge Apple on Apple Pay due to the service's fees. In the new application, the banks decided to eliminate arguments over fees and any other items "the ACCC considered may lead to a public detriment." Prior to the new application, the ACCC had denied the banks' request to negotiate over Apple pay two times last year. “The applicants are ready, willing, and able to participate in Apple Pay, alongside being able to offer their customers their own mobile wallet products,” payments specialist and spokesperson on behalf of the applicants, Lance Blockley, said. “This application has always been about consumer choice, and allowing competition between the makers of mobile wallets to offer the best products and features they can to determine which mobile wallet consumers will use. The applicants want to put up their digital offerings head to head with Apple Pay, and let the market and individual consumers decide which best suits their needs. According to the banks, full access to NFC on iPhone devices "would enable the delivery of substantial public benefits to Australian consumers," across a variety of categories other than mobile payments, including loyalty programs, member security, and other NFC-related cases. Because of these benefits, the banks said they they "have again been supported by nearly all of Australia's leading retailers." Last week, Apple responded to the Australian banks' continued obstruction of Apple Pay by saying it was damaging to consumers and small business alike, ultimately referring to their request for access to NFC as a potentially hazardous "Trojan horse" scenario. In today's applications, the banks referred to Apple's comments as a "conspiracy theory" and dismissed it as "fantasy." The applicants flatly reject Apple’s unsupported assertions that the application is about an objection to the fees that Apple wishes to impose, rather than NFC access. Apple’s conspiracy theories about “Trojan horse fees” are similarly dismissed by the applicants as fantasy. According to Blockley, who spoke on behalf of the banks, the NFC-targeted application is not an attempt to delay Apple Pay's wider support in Australia as it would be offered alongside other mobile wallets -- similar to how Android supports open access to the NFC function. "Any delay or frustration will be as a result of Apple refusing to negotiate," Blockley said. Related Roundup: Apple Pay Tag: Australia [ 161 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Jakexb 3 days ago at 06:24 am Why do they think they deserve anything at all? You can just complain to the government and demand that a company who has developed a hardware business entirely on its own has to let you use certain features of it. Apple should say "ok, fine, but you have to turn every 3rd bank branch into an Apple store and your tellers will work for us for free." Rating: 21 Votes macduke 3 days ago at 06:28 am Apple would rather never offer Apple Pay in Australia than compromise the security of the entire system globally. Australia is a small market by comparison. This will go absolutely nowhere for the banks involved and is a huge waste of time. Rating: 12 Votes 69Mustang 3 days ago at 06:39 am This is the argument the banks should have used in the beginning. Open access to the NFC functionality is a valid request. Arguing over fees was a losing battle in the court of public opinion. It just looked like greed. Arguing that they want to offer more choice to customers is a winning argument and puts the onus on Apple to deny customer choice. It may be a day late and a dollar short, but it's the right argument to make. [doublepost=1486996866][/doublepost] Apple would rather never offer Apple Pay in Australia than compromise the security of the entire system globally. Australia is a small market by comparison. This will go absolutely nowhere for the banks involved and is a huge waste of time. How exactly would the security of NFC be compromised? I see people saying this all the time, but to date, no one has actually shown how the security would be compromised. Rating: 9 Votes Paul Dawkins 3 days ago at 06:22 am Bastards. Rating: 9 Votes gsmornot 3 days ago at 06:33 am The smaller banks need to do whatever it takes to roll the service out and capture the market that is interested in the service. They might over time become bigger banks because of it. Rating: 7 Votes iMi 3 days ago at 06:25 am This will be interesting to watch. Sounds like the banks are essentially asking for level playing field against Apple. Not sure that's such a bad thing. Rating: 7 Votes fozz3d 3 days ago at 09:06 am OH FFS!!!!! So the ACCC released a draft finding against the banks, with a final and full decision next month. And now, the banks re-apply again with just wanting access to NFC. Why are the banks trying to kick a horse while it is already down and dead with this NFC thing. Maybe the banks should ask their customers what they want, instead of making a decision on their own. Not once has my bank asked me if I wanted Apple Pay, and if they keep going on with these shenanigans, I'll move my business to ANZ. Rating: 6 Votes newyorkone 3 days ago at 06:34 am These banks are moronic in making their request, and completely don't understand the concept behind Apple Pay, and it's focus on security. Any iPhone user that would want this is also similarly clueless about the security benefits of Apple Pay. If you want a less secure alternative to Apple Pay, get an Android phone. Rating: 6 Votes 2010mini 3 days ago at 06:59 am How do they figure Apple has a "stranglehold" as they frazed it, on mobile wallet market? Last I checked, Samsung, Google and others have mobile wallets. No one is forced to buy or use an iPhone. [doublepost=1486998067][/doublepost] This will be interesting to watch. Sounds like the banks are essentially asking for level playing field against Apple. Not sure that's such a bad thing. They want government to secure their market share. That is not the role of government. Rating: 5 Votes Oberhorst 3 days ago at 06:56 am This is the argument the banks should have used in the beginning. Open access to the NFC functionality is a valid request. Arguing over fees was a losing battle in the court of public opinion. It just looks like greed. Arguing that they want to offer more choice to customers is a winning argument and puts the onus on Apple to deny customer choice. It may be a day late and a dollar short, but it's the right argument to make.The only reason retailers and banks like "loyalty programs" and what not is to gain more information from customers and make money with their data. Apple Pay is so nice and beautiful exactly because this is not possible. Real benefit programs could be implemented by Apple themselves in form of wallet items, but not automatically shared via NFC. That would basically be a data breach. It appears they are not very successful. Since ANZ already offers Apple Pay now it's only a matter of time.Yes because ANZ didn’t request access to the NFC communication. If I was ANZ I would advertise this advantage aggressively. Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Ticketmaster App Updated With Apple Music Integration to Track Concerts 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Ticketmaster today updated its iOS app with Apple Music integration, allowing users to easily track upcoming concerts they might be interested in. The update makes Ticketmaster one of the few apps to... 4 comments Huawei Developing New Voice Assistant to Take On Siri 12 hours ago on iOS Blog Huawei, currently the world's third largest smartphone manufacturer, is planning on developing its own voice assistant to compete with Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Alphabet's... 30 comments TwIM is a New App for Communicating via Twitter Direct Message 13 hours ago on iOS Blog TwIM, released today, is a new app that turns Twitter's Direct Messages function into a dedicated chat app, ignoring all other Twitter features for a clean, simple DM chat experience. ... 11 comments Minecraft Player Spends 232 Hours Building Apple Campus 2 15 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple's spaceship-shaped campus in Cupertino, California has been under construction for several years and is one of the most expensive, ambitious buildings in the United States. While Apple... 38 comments iMessage Not Working for Some Users 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Many iPhone and iPad users appear to be experiencing issues with Apple's iMessage service, which seems to be down for some people. Those who are having problems are unable to send iMessages and... 30 comments 'Pokémon Go' Gaining 80 New Pokémon Later This Week 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Starting later this week, popular augmented reality game Pokémon Go will gain tons of new content in the form of 80 new Pokémon that are being introduced to the game. The Pokémon come from the... 24 comments Apple's 'Arrogance' Impedes Major Acquisitions as Analysts Look to Potential Targets in Online Video 17 hours ago on Mac Blog In an in-depth new look at Apple's merger and acquisitions tactics published today by Bloomberg, Apple's "arrogant" culture of deal negotiations is put on display. According to... 78 comments Apple Begins Selling D-Link's HomeKit-Enabled 'Omna' HD Camera With 180º Lens 19 hours ago on iOS Blog D-Link today announced that its new Omna 180 Cam HD Camera, unveiled at CES 2017 last month, is now available to purchase at Apple.com for $199.95. The cylindrical Omna 180 Cam HD... 24 comments • Apple in 'Early Stages' of Discussions for Apple Pay in South Korea, Android Pay Likely to Launch First (7) • AppGratis Shuts Down (12) • Jaguar and Shell Partnership Lets UK Drivers Use Apple Pay to Pay for Fuel Inside Car (22) • Microsoft Follows Apple By Hiking Price of Surface Book Laptops in the U.K. (41) • Amazon's Alexa Gets Expanded Calendar Support and Tap Speaker Hands-Free Mode (15) • Elgato Eve 2.6 Update Enhances Lighting Control and HomeKit-Enabled Hardware Support (2) • Signal Privacy Messenger Users Advised to Turn Off CallKit Support in Latest Update (9)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Hidden Folks', 'Digby Forever', 'Slayaway Camp', 'Gunman Taco Truck', 'Mildly Interesting RTS', 'Causality', 'Evergrow', 'Mascot Dunks' and More Auto-Running Platformer 'Scrap' Needs Beta Testers The Highly-Entertaining 'Motorsport Manager' Is Currently Free 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Is Bringing 'Blood Magic' This Week 'Clash Royale' Draft Challenge Returns Tomorrow 'Solforge' Rises From the Dead, at Least For Now AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Joins Wireless Power Consortium Behind 'Qi' Standard Ahead of iPhone 8 Monday February 13, 2017 6:37 am PST by Joe Rossignol Apple recently became listed as a member of the Wireless Power Consortium, committed to the open development of the Qi wireless charging standard. The listing was brought to our attention by IHS Technology. Apple, which has since confirmed it is a member, has become one of over 200 companies that belong to the consortium, including Samsung, LG, HTC, Qualcomm, Verizon, ConvenientPower, Aircharge, Dell, Canon, Sony, ST Microelectronics, Toshiba, Texas Instruments, Philips, Panasonic, Bosch, Nokia, and Huawei. Qi is the leading wireless charging standard, used by more than 200 companies in products ranging from smartphones to cordless kitchen appliances. Samsung's latest Galaxy smartphones, for example, feature Qi-based wireless charging which requires placing the device on one of its "Fast Charge" stands. Qi, pronounced "chee," is capable of scaling from less than 1 watt to more than 2,000 watts of power, making the standard more than adequate enough for charging any smartphone. With Qi's latest Quick Charge technology, a five-minute charge can provide a smartphone with up to five hours of battery life. The so-called "iPhone 8" is widely rumored to include wireless charging, so Apple's participation in the consortium is perhaps unsurprising. Moreover, there is increasing evidence to suggest the "iPhone 8" may use inductive technology, which would require a charging puck or pad, rather than long-range charging. Luxshare is also a member of the Wireless Power Consortium, which is notable given a recent rumor claiming the "iPhone 8" will have a separate wireless charger based on technology from the Chinese company. Luxshare was rumored to be a supplier of wireless charging coils for the Apple Watch charger. In 2015, the inductive Apple Watch charger was found to be compliant with the Qi wireless charging standard, but Apple did not submit it for interoperability testing. However, this does not guarantee that Apple will use the Qi standard for future iPhones, but its membership does show its interest in the technology. Over the course of the last year, there has been ongoing speculation that wireless charging company Energous has inked a deal with Apple to potentially provide wireless charging technology for the iPhone 8, but patents and other evidence suggest Apple may pursue its own in-house inductive charging solutions instead. Update: Apple confirmed that it has joined the Wireless Power Consortium in a statement to Business Insider. Apple is an active member of many standards development organizations, as both a leader and contributor. Apple is joining the Wireless Power Consortium to be able to participate and contribute ideas to the open, collaborative development of future wireless charging standards. We look forward to working together with the WPC and its members.Apple said it "looks forward to working together" with the other members to help further the "development of future wireless charging standards." Related Roundup: iPhone 8 (2017) Tags: wireless charging, Qi, Wireless Power Consortium [ 166 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) CarlosQG 3 days ago at 06:55 am A mat is not real wireless charging. Rating: 18 Votes dannyyankou 3 days ago at 06:59 am I'm calling it now, the iPhone 8 will only be able to charge with Apple's own first party charging pad. Qi devices should be able to work with any charging pad, but Apple will find a way. Rating: 10 Votes Dave245 3 days ago at 06:50 am I don't see the point in this, you still have to place the phone on the charging matt for it to charge, i'm willing to see what Apple are doing but i was never impressed with the Samsung version, maybe Apple will change my mind in September with the new iPhones, but at the moment it seems a bit pointless. Rating: 8 Votes djcerla 3 days ago at 06:41 am Long range or it isn't happening ;) Rating: 8 Votes macsrcool1234 3 days ago at 07:24 am A decade late to the game and using the same **** technology as everyone else. Rating: 7 Votes WinstonRumfoord 3 days ago at 06:57 am Contact "wireless" charging always seemed worse than traditional wired charging to me. Introducing more frequencies into the air with no real benefit other than "cool". Rating: 6 Votes AG.47 3 days ago at 07:27 am That ball looks sweet. That ball is the Nexus 4 Wireless Charger. The Nexus 4 was released in 2012. Rating: 6 Votes Jsameds 3 days ago at 07:15 am Coming in 2018: A wireless router that you have to rest your PC on in order to maintain a connection and in 2019: A remote control that you have to touch to your TV in order to change the channel Rating: 6 Votes smacrumon 3 days ago at 07:16 am That ball looks sweet. BUT. What exactly are the benefits of wireless charging? A ball that is plugged into the power, as opposed to a cable plugged into the power. Both still need cables. So what are the benefits or is wireless charging just a lame marketing exercise, a chance to make extra cash from yet another accessory? Rating: 5 Votes melendezest 3 days ago at 08:44 am That ball looks sweet. BUT. What exactly are the benefits of wireless charging? A ball that is plugged into the power, as opposed to a cable plugged into the power. Both still need cables. So what are the benefits or is wireless charging just a lame marketing exercise? It's a convenience feature. When I get home I just drop my Note5 onto its Qi stand and walk away. No fumbling with wires, reaching behind my desk or nightstand because it fell back there, no aiming, one-handed, reach-for-it-in-the-middle-of-the-night-without-ripping-the-cord-out or waking-the-wife-because-the-lamp-fell-over-when-the-cord-was-wrapped-around-it convenient. It's about damn time Apple did this. Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Ticketmaster App Updated With Apple Music Integration to Track Concerts 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Ticketmaster today updated its iOS app with Apple Music integration, allowing users to easily track upcoming concerts they might be interested in. The update makes Ticketmaster one of the few apps to... 4 comments Huawei Developing New Voice Assistant to Take On Siri 12 hours ago on iOS Blog Huawei, currently the world's third largest smartphone manufacturer, is planning on developing its own voice assistant to compete with Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Alphabet's... 30 comments TwIM is a New App for Communicating via Twitter Direct Message 13 hours ago on iOS Blog TwIM, released today, is a new app that turns Twitter's Direct Messages function into a dedicated chat app, ignoring all other Twitter features for a clean, simple DM chat experience. ... 11 comments Minecraft Player Spends 232 Hours Building Apple Campus 2 15 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple's spaceship-shaped campus in Cupertino, California has been under construction for several years and is one of the most expensive, ambitious buildings in the United States. While Apple... 38 comments iMessage Not Working for Some Users 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Many iPhone and iPad users appear to be experiencing issues with Apple's iMessage service, which seems to be down for some people. Those who are having problems are unable to send iMessages and... 30 comments 'Pokémon Go' Gaining 80 New Pokémon Later This Week 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Starting later this week, popular augmented reality game Pokémon Go will gain tons of new content in the form of 80 new Pokémon that are being introduced to the game. The Pokémon come from the... 24 comments Apple's 'Arrogance' Impedes Major Acquisitions as Analysts Look to Potential Targets in Online Video 17 hours ago on Mac Blog In an in-depth new look at Apple's merger and acquisitions tactics published today by Bloomberg, Apple's "arrogant" culture of deal negotiations is put on display. According to... 78 comments Apple Begins Selling D-Link's HomeKit-Enabled 'Omna' HD Camera With 180º Lens 19 hours ago on iOS Blog D-Link today announced that its new Omna 180 Cam HD Camera, unveiled at CES 2017 last month, is now available to purchase at Apple.com for $199.95. The cylindrical Omna 180 Cam HD... 24 comments • Apple in 'Early Stages' of Discussions for Apple Pay in South Korea, Android Pay Likely to Launch First (7) • AppGratis Shuts Down (12) • Jaguar and Shell Partnership Lets UK Drivers Use Apple Pay to Pay for Fuel Inside Car (22) • Microsoft Follows Apple By Hiking Price of Surface Book Laptops in the U.K. (41) • Amazon's Alexa Gets Expanded Calendar Support and Tap Speaker Hands-Free Mode (15) • Elgato Eve 2.6 Update Enhances Lighting Control and HomeKit-Enabled Hardware Support (2) • Signal Privacy Messenger Users Advised to Turn Off CallKit Support in Latest Update (9)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Hidden Folks', 'Digby Forever', 'Slayaway Camp', 'Gunman Taco Truck', 'Mildly Interesting RTS', 'Causality', 'Evergrow', 'Mascot Dunks' and More Auto-Running Platformer 'Scrap' Needs Beta Testers The Highly-Entertaining 'Motorsport Manager' Is Currently Free 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Is Bringing 'Blood Magic' This Week 'Clash Royale' Draft Challenge Returns Tomorrow 'Solforge' Rises From the Dead, at Least For Now AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Dear Mr. Cook, the Political Left is Killing our Minds, Please Create an App for That – Patently Apple Posted on February 13, 2017 by Patently Apple Do you remember Apple’s famous 2009 TV Ad ‘There’s an App for That?” It was one of the ads that marked a generation. Last week we were abruptly informed by Apple’s CEO Tim Cook that he’s going to direct his engineering team to create a new app. Cook … Apple CEO Tim Cook: Fake News Is ‘Killing People’s Minds’Fortune Apple CEO calls for ‘massive campaign’ to battle fake newsThe Hill Tim Cook praises AR, says it will be as big as smartphonesTechSpot Recode -BGR -CNET -IT PRO all 184 news articles …read more wrote 26742 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet – TechCrunch Sony Removes PlayStation Now Support For Vita, PS3, And More Devices To Focus On PC, PS4 – Tech Times McDonald’s Re-Engineers Straw Using Fibonacci Formula To Let You Enjoy Shamrock Shake More – Tech Times Amazon Echo And Google Home Could Soon Let You Make Calls: Will Smart Speakers Replace Telephones? – Tech Times PlayStation Now Is Ending Support For Almost All Devices – Cinema Blend Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Statoil ASA (STO) Increases Dividend to $0.22 Per Share First Horizon National Corporation (FHN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Altra Industrial Motion Corp. (AIMC) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Timken Company (The) (TKR) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Imagination Technologies Group plc (IMG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Bank of Montreal (BMO) PT Raised to C$101.00 Western Digital Corporation (WDC) Given “Positive” Rating at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Price Target Raised to GBX 4,000 Canaccord Genuity Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Vernalis plc (VER) Cerner Corporation (CERN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by CIBC Great-West Lifeco Inc (GWO) Price Target Raised to C$37.00 Wedbush Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Gabelli Reiterates “Buy” Rating for BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Now Covered by Analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Given New $48.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Numis Securities Ltd Lowers Dairy Crest Group plc (DCG) to Hold Medidata Solutions, Inc. (MDSO) Price Target Raised to $65.00 KKR & Co. L.P. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.51 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (KKR) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Flotek Industries, Inc. (FTK) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Set Expectations for FMC Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (FMC) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Price Target Raised to $150.00 February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) had its target price boosted by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) to $150.00 in a report issued on Monday. A number of other equities research analysts also recently commented on the company. Vetr downgraded Apple from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $137.23 target price on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Bank of America Corporation lifted their target price on Apple from $140.00 to $145.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. William Blair restated an outperform rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Canaccord Genuity lifted their target price on Apple from $142.00 to $154.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets restated an outperform rating and issued a $140.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating, thirty-seven have issued a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Apple has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $135.41. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 132.12 on Monday. Apple has a 52-week low of $89.47 and a 52-week high of $132.94. The stock has a market cap of $693.17 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.86 and a beta of 1.26. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $121.79 and a 200 day moving average price of $113.62. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The iPhone maker reported $3.36 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.22 by $0.14. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The company had revenue of $78.35 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $77.37 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $3.28 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Apple will post $8.95 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Price Target Raised to $150.00” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/apple-inc-aapl-price-target-raised-to-150-00.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, February 16th. Investors of record on Monday, February 13th will be given a dividend of $0.57 per share. This represents a $2.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.73%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 9th. Apple’s payout ratio is currently 27.31%. In related news, insider Luca Maestri sold 2,300 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $117.67, for a total transaction of $270,641.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 4,632 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $545,047.44. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 75,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $128.43, for a total value of $9,632,250.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 336,275 shares of company stock worth $41,954,409. 0.08% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Sadoff Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Apple by 13.1% in the second quarter. Sadoff Investment Management LLC now owns 3,027 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $289,000 after buying an additional 350 shares during the last quarter. Shikiar Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Apple by 14.3% in the second quarter. Shikiar Asset Management Inc. now owns 98,423 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $9,409,000 after buying an additional 12,343 shares during the last quarter. Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Apple by 4.8% in the second quarter. Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC now owns 14,867 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,421,000 after buying an additional 678 shares during the last quarter. Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Apple by 2.1% in the second quarter. Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC now owns 3,620 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $346,000 after buying an additional 75 shares during the last quarter. Finally, DORCHESTER WEALTH MANAGEMENT Co boosted its position in shares of Apple by 8.3% in the second quarter. DORCHESTER WEALTH MANAGEMENT Co now owns 57,472 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $5,494,000 after buying an additional 4,417 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation Apple VR Virtual Reality IPhone Tim Cook teases Apple AR plans, says it could be as big as the iPhone The CEO affirmed Apple's interest in AR tech and likened its potential to that of the smartphone. By Owen Hughes February 13, 2017 13:57 GMT Apple CEO Tim Cook made the comments in an interview with The IndependentGetty Images Tim Cook has dropped the biggest hint yet that augmented reality (AR) is on Apple's product roadmap in a telling interview in which the tech CEO liked the technology to the smartphone, saying it could become a global phenomenon enjoyed by everyone. In an interview with The Independent, Cook made a number of telling comments about his vision for augmented reality and its potential for consumers. Rather than seeing it as a product, Cook said he viewed augmented reality as a "core technology" similar to that used in the iPhone. Apple's iPhone is credited for revolutionising the mobile market when it was released back in 2007, and Cook's comments appear to suggest that Apple is aiming to bring about a similar paradigm shift with a future augmented reality product. Apple has been particularly clandestine about its plans for the emergent VR/ AR market, specifically regarding whether it is working on a device headset to rival recent headsets from Samsung, Google and Microsoft. Rumours so far have indicated that Apple will follow the likes of Microsoft HoloLens and Google's Project Tango down the augmented reality route, rather than making a fully-immersive VR product similar to the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift. Cook said this was because virtual reality cut people off from their surroundings, while AR could layer additional information onto their physical surroundings so they could be present at all times. "Most people don't want to lock themselves out from the world for a long period of time and today you can't do that because you get sick from it," he said. "With AR you can, not be engrossed in something, but have it be a part of your world, of your conversation. That has resonance." Cook didn't go into specifics about how Apple could hypothetically use the technology, although he did suggest it was a "big idea" that would transcend being a gimmick to become something "that could improve a lot of lives". Even so, the CEO appeared to suggest that whatever Apple might be planning was still some time away. "There are things to discover before that technology is good enough for the mainstream," he said. "I do think there can be a lot of things that really help people out in daily life, real-life things, that's why I get so excited about it." More tech news from IBTimes UK Apple may be working with Carl Zeiss to produce augmented reality glasses Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg shows off prototype Oculus gloves for typing and shooting webs in VR Portal comes to the real world thanks to augmented reality HoloLens demo Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close One billion Yahoo user accounts hacked Columnists Matthew Carr “400 years ago Spain forcibly converted Muslims to Christianity – then expelled them. Have we learned nothing? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Yahoo warns users of potential malicious activity on accounts between 2015 and 2016 Yahoo said hackers used forged cookies to gain illegal access to... Republicans want to know why EPA employees are using encrypted chat apps The party is worried the conversations run afoul of federal... Yahoo Verizon deal to see $250-$350m discount – report Verizon may reportedly close the Yahoo deal by the end of February. Amnesty International exposes mysterious espionage scheme against journalists and activists Meet 'Safeena Malik', the fake persona at the heart of a cyber... Sony patents wireless PlayStation VR system with HTC Vive-like room tracking PS4-powered virtual reality headset could ditch wires and expanded... Apple to create a flexible iPhone? Rumours of curved handset heat up as OLED display deal discussed Report claims Apple in talks with Chinese display company for iOS... Holo app places life-like holographic celebrities in your smartphone videos Coming to a phone near you thanks to augmented reality app from LA... The new Nokia 3310: Everything we know so far Our constantly updating guide to everything we know so far about the... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Paul Nuttall website taken down 'for maintenance' as Ukip leader faces Hillsborough backlash About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Rumor: Apple to release 5-inch iPhone 8 model, may sell wireless charging technology separately Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Monday, February 13th, 2017, 05:00 Category: Hardware, iPhone, Lightning, Rumor, USB-C It’s a rumor, but there may be some truth to it. Japanese web blog Macotakara has a new rumor in that Apple will introduce a 5-inch iPhone model this year. The site also state that “reliable sources in Taiwan” have stated that only the all-glass model of the iPhone will support wireless charging this year, while Apple will also stop including the headphone jack adapter. Recently, it was rumored that apple’s 5-inch iPhone would arrive with a vertical dual-camera design. This model is said to be nearly identical in terms of specifications to the “iPhone 7s” and “iPhone 7s Plus.” Some reports have stated that only the glass model will support the wireless charging feature. This implies that only the top-tier iPhone 8, which is rumored to retail for about $1,000, will support wireless charging. The current report seems to corroborate that the iPhone 8 will use inductive wireless charging rather than long-range. The technology is said to be supplied by Luxshare, a manufacturer that has supplied wireless charging tech for Apple Watch. It’s also rumored that Apple will not include the wireless charging technology in the box and users will have to purchase the accessory separately. One other detail of today’s report is that Apple will not include the Lightning to 3.5mm headphone adapter with the purchase of any iPhone released this year. Apple, of course, ditched the 3.5mm jack with the iPhone 7 lineup, but did include an adapter in the box as to not render traditional headphones useless. Now that Apple’s W1 headphones are available, though, it shouldn’t come as too much of a surprise that it won’t include that adapter this year. As always, stay tuned for additional details as they become available. Via 9to5Mac and MacOtakara Tweet Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts Apple to produce its first television series, "Planet of the Apps" Tim Cook speaks out against fake news, cites tech companies' responsibility towards the issue Rumor: Apple to incorporate stacked logic board architecture, larger battery into next-gen iPhone Apple joins Wireless Power Consortium, strengthening rumors of wireless charging feature in next-gen iPhone Prince's Warner Brothers music catalog released on Apple Music, other streaming services Logging In... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search Recent Posts Rumor: Apple to incorporate stacked logic board architecture, larger battery into next-gen iPhone Apple to produce its first television series, “Planet of the Apps” Apple joins Wireless Power Consortium, strengthening rumors of wireless charging feature in next-gen iPhone Tim Cook speaks out against fake news, cites tech companies’ responsibility towards the issue Rumor: Apple to release 5-inch iPhone 8 model, may sell wireless charging technology separately February 2017 M T W T F S S « Jan       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Australia's Big Banks Change their Tactic against Apple over Apple Pay in a way that could Hand them a Legal Victory | Main | Apple Chip Supplier TSMC Invests in Apple Bonds » February 13, 2017 Dear Mr. Cook, the Political Left is Killing our Minds, Please Create an App for That Warning: If you're Politically Sensitive, Don't Read this Report   &#0160;   Do you remember Apple's famous 2009 TV Ad 'There's an App for That?" It was one of the ads that marked a generation. Last week we were abruptly informed by Apple's CEO Tim Cook that he's going to direct his engineering team to create a new app. Cook, who never talks about future Apple products, just couldn't help letting it out of the bag. It's going to be their greatest app of all time and it'll be out just in time for the next election.   There's no name for it yet but what we do know is that it's going to save American minds, that are in his view, being killed by 'Fake News.' It'll be fashioned like the one the Communist Party uses in Russia. It'll scour the web for news Apple and dear friends deem "right and good and clean and politically correct and stop the propaganda from the evil side of the political spectrum.   I'm sure a lot of sheep will just love this app where they'll only hear nice news that's been politically cleansed by Big Brother in California.   Last week a Patently Apple fan commented on our first report on this subject matter and asked me to stick to covering Apple patents and lay off the politics (full comment here, replying to BWarren89.).   In-part my response was simple: "That's how I feel. I'd like to watch an award show and not hear Meryl Streep preach; I'd like to watch a music award show and not hear complete left wing garbage spewed." The point was, the left wing of politics can't accept that they lost the election, and so we all have to hear their crazy views everywhere including TV shows, on most tech sites daily, in newspapers, in riots at Universities etc. But lord, should just one person on the other side speak their mind on the subject and all hell breaks lose from the left with name calling and labeling that's inappropriate. Wow, where is the left's famous tolerance that Hillary Clinton preached about for over the last year? I guess it never really existed and the aftermath shows her follows have no tolerance or respect for anything but their own views. The hypocrisy is so openly seen on TV every night. The surprise is the reaction led by Silicon Valley.    Last night my wife and I wanted to sit back and enjoy watching the Grammys. Since Lady Gaga professionally held her tongue at the Super Bowl we naively thought it would carry through to the Grammys. Ha! Jennifer Lopez, Green Day, Katty Perry and on and on including some lousy rapper calling Trump President Agent Orange just couldn't shut up. Guys, it's a music awards show, I don't care about your politics. But no, on and on and on it went.   I'm not going to go into what they all said because half of you heard it and you could Google it if you want the particulars. But then it dawned on me, perhaps Apple's CEO could help us with a new TV app that could filter out all of this Verbal Vomit from the left that is Killing Our Minds. Maybe, just maybe, Cook will be fair and help the rest of America stop this political garbage from the left from spreading.   Then an amazing revelation came to mind. I could create the same thing by using one finger hitting the channel changer. Voila, I was cured. Miracles do happen! But for Political Spin, a term that the left have now conveniently renamed 'Fake News,' the sheep are just too stupid to verify a news story on their own and so Cook and company are out to help shield the idiots from life.   Good luck with that Mr. Cook.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   The Insanity of the Left on YouTube   Below is a video from the Shia LaBeouf Anti-Trump Rally. A Museum in Queens shut down the "he will not divide us" campaign. You could read more about it here. It's like watch a cult of zombies movie, but it's not very entertaining (Ha!). Remember to keep watching the video because there are some breaks where you might think it's over. At the 0:50 mark of the video you'll see a super nut case lefty goes to the extreme yelling in someone's face who didn't hold his view.       Posted by Jack Purcher on February 13, 2017 at 06:18 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Opinions | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Set to Fight 'Right to Repair' Legislation in Nebraska Apple's Need for Slave Labor Clearly Overrides their Argument that a U.S. Plant is Impossible due to Supply Chain Issues Beyond the 160 Million OLED Displays already Secured with Samsung, Apple is now in Talks with China's BOE Amazon Web Services Introduces 'Amazon Chimes,' a FaceTime Killer App for Business for iOS, Android, Windows & macOS Indian Minister Excited about Apple's iPhone Plant Urges Government to Finalize the Deal After 15 Hours of Grilling Samsung's Heir over Bribery Charges, Korea's Special Counsel has Filed for an Arrest Warrant Apple Granted 48 Patents Today Covering Apple Pencil, iPad Cover Magnets, Apple Watch's Digital Crown & more Apple Granted a LuxVue Micro LED Display Patent with Interactive Microchips Likely not destined for iPhone 8 Apple Wins Patent for a Next-Gen iPhone Audio Speaker that uses Advanced Magnets to Improve Acoustic Performance Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Opinions 6. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D Technology + Facial Recognition Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: AAPL, DD, TEVA, QSR, FDC, HAS, JCP & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 7:45 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks to Watch: February 13, 2017    Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 6:30 AM ET | 00:48 Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Apple — A UBS note out this morning said Apple's services business is probably undervalued by the market, estimating that shares would be about 10 percent higher if its services were valued as those of PayPal are. DuPont — The company settled an environmental lawsuit for $670.7 million, with spin-off company Chemours to pay half that amount. The companies deny any wrongdoing in striking the settlement deal. Teva Pharmaceutical — The drugmaker reported adjusted quarterly profit of $1.38 per share, 3 cents a share above estimates. Revenue also beat forecasts. Its bottom line got a boost from its acquisition of Allergan's Actavis drug business last year. Restaurant Brands — The parent of Burger King and Tim Hortons beat estimates by 2 cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of 44 cents per share. Revenue came in above forecasts, as well. The company's profit more than doubled from a year earlier. First Data — The provider of transaction processing technology beat bottom line estimates by 3 cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of 39 cents per share. Revenue also scored a beat. Hasbro — Goldman Sachs initiated coverage on the toymaker with a "buy" rating, pointing to its entertainment-backed lineup of toys like those based on Marvel films and on various Disney franchises. J.C. Penney — The retailer's shares were upgraded to "equal-weight" from "underweight" at Morgan Stanley, saying the risk/reward profile now looks balanced. Walt Disney — Disney raised admission prices for U.S. theme parks by as much as $5 for certain one-day tickets. The price increase was effective Sunday. Sears — The retailer discontinued online sales of 31 items in the Trump Home catalog at its Sears and Kmart units, saying it wanted to focus its online business on more profitable items. Burlington Stores is also the latest company to remove her collection from its website. The Wall Street Journal reported that sales of Ivanka Trump's brands had fallen sharply at Nordstrom before that retailer discontinued sales of the line last week. Verizon — Verizon will start selling unlimited data plans today for the first time since 2011. The move comes amid intense competition in the wireless industry, with rival AT&T having offered unlimited data plans to customers who sign up for the company's DirecTV service. Macy's — The retailer could see a 50 percent jump in its share price if it strikes a takeover deal, according to an article in Barron's. Amazon, Alphabet — Amazon and Alphabet's Google unit have signed deals to handle data from Snapchat parent Snap worth a total of $3 billion. The two companies will transmit and store pictures and video shared by Snapchat parent users. Tesla — Tesla workers would be greeted by the United Auto Workers with "open arms," according to the union. The UAW also denied charges that a worker who publicly criticized working conditions at Tesla's Fremont, California assembly plant was on the union's payroll. Volkswagen — Volkswagen's ex-chairman Ferdinand Piech refused to testify before German lawmakers on the automaker's diesel emissions scandal. IBM — IBM has unveiled a version of its Watson natural language computer system designed to power cybersecurity operations centers. Allergan — The drugmaker has come under scrutiny for its handling of non-GAAP accounting. The Securities and Exchange Commission sent a letter to the drugmaker, questioning its calculations of adjusted earnings per share, and saying it would be reviewing financial reporting practices of pharmaceutical companies. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals — The stock was upgraded to "overweight" from "neutral" at Piper Jaffray, which expects Food and Drug Administration approval for Regeneron's dermatitis drug Dupixent and autoimmune disease treatment Kevzara. Those approvals put Regeneron's alliance with Sanofi in the black. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AGN --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Toyota recalls all its 2,800 hydrogen Mirai cars over safety hazard Mayo Clinic’s Lorna Ross to lead Accenture’s new Dublin Fjord studio YouTube star PewDiePie dropped by Disney after anti-Semitic jokes Is Xiaomi going it alone, ditching Qualcomm processor? Apple doubles down on augmented reality enthusiasm French man to sue Uber over app revealing his affair to his wife Data for Dummies: The essential data glossary Fintech player E-CFS secures $1.4m infosec deal with Kenyan supermarket chain Smart steps for securing your employees’ smartphones Data tapestry of Ireland: 20 service providers lighting up the cloud Will photonic integration technology power future data centres? Privacy storm: Respect the power of data in dangerous times Frequency frustrations precede inevitable arrival of 5G Data tapestry of Ireland: 15 telecoms carriers joining the dots Free public Wi-Fi to reach new heights on Mount Everest EU roaming rules: A data plan here is a data plan everywhere Roaming caps finally agreed as outright ban date nears The five-minute CIO: Shaun O’Shea, Pure Telecom The lean start-up methodology is a ‘a bit like science’ – Ash Maurya OncoMark raises €2.1m to get breast cancer tool to market Irish tech firms raise record €888m thanks to life sciences sector NewsWhip whips together $6.4m in new funding round Tinder for investors: HBAN matched 50 start-ups with backers in 2016 New €20m venture capital fund emerges from Ireland’s south-east ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One NASA reveals plan to bring broadband speeds to deep space missions Exact location of Mars’ wet past may just have been revealed Star that ‘knows’ to pulsate when a planet orbits is puzzling astronomers Quadrature leap: The science behind record data transmission speeds Banned pollutants discovered in deepest reaches of our oceans Cockeyed squid have evolved with a bizarre form of sight Data tapestry of Ireland: 18 IoT players jump-starting the future Dubai plans to launch a flying taxi service by July 2017 NASA forges new electronics that can survive 100 times longer on Venus IoT global round-up: Nokia, satellites and a security alliance New battery design turns CO2 capturing into a new energy source Powerful new radiator could revolutionise medical diagnostics How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Irish Government reveals €5m fund to woo 50 international researchers Teen-Turn: A direct link to STEM careers for young women UNESCO issues warning as number of women in computer sciences falls How to overcome adversity and win the job of your dreams How to prepare for the robot takeover Does working from home give you a good work-life balance? This one trick will help you get around unconscious bias New job? Avoid these 5 mistakes on your first day What is the most popular language for machine learning? Want to work in digital? You need to be adaptable 10 bad habits that make you look unprofessional How can your team make the most of Big Data 2.0? What are VCs after and where can you get funding for your start-up? Who are Intel’s three new Irish vice-presidents? Dr Nora Khaldi wins Woman of the Decade in Business and Leadership award SoapBox Labs lands €1.2m seed funding thanks to Inspirefest meet-up Head Stemette Anne-Marie Imafidon honoured with MBE Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it Massive 500-job expansion at Indeed in Dublin 6 top international companies hiring in data right now BrowserStack to create 40 new jobs at mobile data centre in Dublin Cork to get 100 new jobs in Nginx global expansion 300 new Accenture jobs to Dock in Ireland 20 jobs being created at new on-demand courier service Zendfast in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Your Facebook feed is about to become a lot noisier with autoplay Read all about it: Everything you need to know about Reddit Facebook Safety Check will let people offer food and shelter during crisis Europe agrees cross-border access to digital content by 2018 The silence of the trolls: Twitter to permanently ban abusers from respawning Facebook launches latest Snapchat-like feature first on Irish phones Private message app Signal reveals new video call tool Nothing in life is certain, except death, taxes and iPhone rumours Three new iPhone devices with wireless charging expected in 2017 YouTube opens up mobile live streaming to more users Slack reveals how it plans to reach the very largest of companies Apple believes iOS 10.3 will stop you losing your AirPods Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse When is Stranger Things back? Netflix finally reveals all Sinking of Titanic to be recreated as a realistic VR experience Purple Rain forecast for Grammys as Prince streaming rumours grow WhatsApp testing feature that lets you recall and edit sent messages LinkedIn finally gives its desktop site a design overhaul From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 ALL How Teen-Turn directly connects young women to STEM careers Enda Kenny lays out Brexit plans with Action Plan for Jobs 2017 What makes Dropbox a great place to work? What is working at Fidelity International really like? Do meaningful, creative, cutting-edge work as an AOL intern Digicel execs say they have found a new way to beat the OTTs ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Apple doubles down on augmented reality enthusiasm by Gordon Hunt 2 days ago11 Shares Apple CEO Tim Cook. Image: Laura Hutton/Shutterstock Apple CEO Tim Cook is excited by what future filled with augmented reality will look like, claiming it could be as much of a success as the iPhone. Many of Apple’s moves in the past two decades have proved prescient or, at the very least, perfectly timed. The iPod’s release in 2001, the same year as iTunes, ultimately dominated digital music. The iPhone quickly took the smartphone market by storm when it was released in 2007, with the 2010 iPad doing likewise in what was, admittedly, a smaller tablet market. Apple Music was the company’s attempt to enter the streaming market, and while its success is still unclear, the next move is already apparent: augmented reality (AR). “I regard it as a big idea, like the smartphone,” said Cook in The Independent. “The smartphone is for everyone. We don’t have to think the iPhone is about a certain demographic, or country or vertical market – it’s for everyone. I think AR is that big, it’s huge.” In January, Apple reported Q1 revenues of $78.4bn, saying it sold more iPhone devices in this quarter than any other in its history. Cook claimed his enthusiasm for AR stems from its key differences to virtual reality (VR), an area other companies are perhaps focusing on. “Unlike VR, which closes the world out, AR allows individuals to be present in the world, but hopefully allows an improvement on what’s happening presently. “Most people don’t want to lock themselves out from the world for a long period of time, and today you can’t do that because you get sick from it. With AR, you can; not be engrossed in something, but have it be a part of your world, of your conversation. That has resonance.” In 2013, Apple bought Israel-based motion sensor firm PrimeSense for $360m, the first step down the AR road. Since then, behind the scenes, things have sped up. Reports have recently emerged of a partnership with Carl Zeiss, which is apparently working with Apple on a pair of lightweight glasses. Robert Scoble suggests that the partnership is so strong, that Carl Zeiss did not showcase any AR or VR merchandise at CES this month, as part of a supposed agreement between the duo. Citing a source at Carl Zeiss, Scoble thinks an Apple product could be launched as soon as this year. Apple CEO Tim Cook. Image: Laura Hutton/Shutterstock Related: AR, Tim Cook, Apple Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Gear Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way 15 Nov 20164 Shares Hiring Now Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. Working at the leading edge of IoT Life-changing career opportunities for you 2016 Graduate Employer of the Year Companies Apple tax ruling: Vestager and Cook asked to attend meeting in Dublin 12 Dec 20166 Shares Companies iPhone sales beat expectations as Apple reports $46.9bn Q4 25 Oct 201619 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Taoiseach and Tim Cook to discuss €13bn worth of Apple taxes 1 Dec 201618 Shares Companies Apple CEO Tim Cook takes a pay cut amid falling iPhone sales 6 Jan 201721 Shares Companies Tech predictions for 2017: Bots, blockchain and smarter things 19 Dec 2016776 Shares Latest News Private message app Signal reveals new video call tool 39 minutes ago NASA reveals plan to bring broadband speeds to deep space missions 48 minutes ago The lean start-up methodology is a ‘a bit like science’ – Ash Maurya 1 hour ago Data tapestry of Ireland: 18 IoT players jump-starting the future 1 hour ago Exact location of Mars’ wet past may just have been revealed 1 hour ago OncoMark raises €2.1m to get breast cancer tool to market 3 hours ago Irish tech firms raise record €888m thanks to life sciences sector 3 hours ago Toyota recalls all its 2,800 hydrogen Mirai cars over safety hazard 4 hours ago Data for Dummies: The essential data glossary 4 hours ago Massive 500-job expansion at Indeed in Dublin 4 hours ago This one trick will help you get around unconscious bias 4 hours ago Fintech player E-CFS secures $1.4m infosec deal with Kenyan supermarket chain 5 hours ago Star that ‘knows’ to pulsate when a planet orbits is puzzling astronomers 5 hours ago Your Facebook feed is about to become a lot noisier with autoplay 5 hours ago NewsWhip whips together $6.4m in new funding round 5 hours ago 6 top international companies hiring in data right now 21 hours ago Smart steps for securing your employees’ smartphones 22 hours ago Frequency frustrations precede inevitable arrival of 5G 23 hours ago Irish Government reveals €5m fund to woo 50 international researchers 1 day ago Data tapestry of Ireland: 20 service providers lighting up the cloud 1 day ago New job? Avoid these 5 mistakes on your first day 1 day ago Will photonic integration technology power future data centres? 1 day ago Dubai plans to launch a flying taxi service by July 2017 1 day ago Nothing in life is certain, except death, taxes and iPhone rumours 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Apple’s mysterious ‘wireless device’ has NFC, Bluetooth – but what is it? Apple’s mysterious ‘wireless device’ has NFC, Bluetooth – but what is it? by Sean Keach 13 February 2017 0 shares Read Comments Apple has asked the USA’s communications regulator to certify a mysterious “wireless device” for the third time since September. Last year, Apple filed for certification with the FCC for a wireless device with the model number ‘A1844’, followed by a January filing for the ‘A1846’. Now, MacRumors has spotted that a third filing has been made this month for the ‘A1845’, which slots between the other two model numbers. This suggests that all three devices are part of the same series. Related: iPhone 8 Unfortunately, Apple has requested permanent confidentiality on all three devices, which means we don’t have any idea what they are. There are some clues, mind; they all have NFC and Bluetooth connectivity for instance. Importantly, the model numbers for the three devices don’t correspond to any existing (or rather, publicly known) Apple products. The fact that Apple is requesting certification means that these new products may be announced shortly; generally, the FCC is only brought in towards the end of a product’s pre-release preparations. That said, there’s still a chance we may never see any of the “wireless devices” that Apple is hoping to certify. It’s also worth mentioning that these items may not even be actual consumer products. They could, for instance, be used in an Apple Store as part of a display unit. Unfortunately, we won’t know for a while – and perhaps never. Related: iPhone 7S Watch: iPhone 8 – What to expect What new launches would you like to see from Apple this year? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Latest Model) - 128GB - Jet Black (GSM Unlocked) Smartphone $928.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7 - 128GB - (Factory Unlocked) 4.7" 4G LTE GSM Smartphone - FRB $664.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7 - 128GB - (Factory Unlocked) 4.7" 4G LTE GSM Smartphone - FRB $664.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 10   Comments Isro PSLV-C37 launch: How Antrix compares to other satellite launch services By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments Isro’s launch of the PSLV-C37 mission with 104 satellites is subsidised by the Government By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments KickassTorrents is back and we have its community to thank for the rebirth By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments ISRO PSLV-C37 mission LIVE: All 104 satellites successfully deployed in world record launch By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments more from #Samsung Apple regains the top spot in global smartphone market after eight quarters IDC report puts Lenovo at second spot in the list of favourite smartphone brand in India Facebook is building a new app to help Smart TV owners consume its video content Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Samsung Display signs $4.3 bn OLED panel deal with Apple #Samsung 0 By tech2 News Staff /  13 Feb 2017 , 17:24 Samsung Electronics’ display manufacturing arm, Samsung Display, has reportedly finalized a deal with Apple to supply 60 million OLED panels for the upcoming iPhone. This is the second deal we are hearing between the two companies as previously a 100 million OLED unit deal was signed. There have been numerous rumours that Apple is planning to launch the new iPhone in 2017 with an OLED display panel. There is no confirmation as to which version, but the deals with Samsung confirms that atleast one variant will utilise an OLED display. According to Apple’s financial results, 200 million iPhones were sold in 2016 and the combined 160 million displays, are expected to make up 80 percent of all shipments. Rest of the units would probably be sourced by other display makers. A number of sources also claim that Apple will launch a special premium OLED display equipped iPhone which could sell for as much as $1000. Previously we heard Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo hinting at a curved OLED display on the upcoming iPhone. This could be similar to the one used by the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge. Nikkei on the other hand reported that the upcoming iPhone’s chassis would be similar to that seen on the iPhone 4 with a slab of glass on the back as well. Tags: Apple, Apple OLED, iPhone, OLED, Samsung, Samsung display, Samsung OLED Also read Apple iPhone 8 may come with curved OLED and LCD display variants Apple launch rumours: iPad Pro, iPhone X with OLED display and New MacBook Pro expected in 2017 X Recommended For You Apple regains the top spot in global smartphone market after eight quarters IDC report puts Lenovo at second spot in the list of favourite smartphone brand in India Samsung is working on Galaxy Note 8 under the project codename ‘Baikal’ Samsung Group chief, Jay Y. Lee was questioned for about 15 hours about graft scandal Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Nasscom Feb 16, 2017 Nasscom India Leadership forum: Here’s what top leaders had to say on the first day #ATMs Feb 16, 2017 There is no currency shortage in ATMs; government is monitoring the situation daily, says Arun Jaitley #Isro Feb 16, 2017 Isro’s success makes international media take notice; term India as ‘key player’ in space race #Moto Feb 16, 2017 MWC 2017: Moto G5 and G5 Plus official press renders leak before MWC launch #Isro Feb 16, 2017 Isro rockets can launch 300-400 satellites in one go, says G Madhavan Nair, former Isro Chairman SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 16 Feb 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 16 Feb 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Read this before you buy iPhone 7 or 7 Plus matte black model Share Tweet Read this before you buy iPhone 7 or 7 Plus matte black model Many users claim that paint on their matte black iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is chippi­ng off By Tech Desk Published: February 13, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email An increasing number of iPhone users are complaining that the paint on their matte black iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is chipping off even without dropping or bashing them. Scores of posts on Apple’s support forums suggest that the problem is on the rise. Some of the users of iPhone 7 matte black models are complaining that their phones are suffering from paint chips. Some of the affected users claimed that the paint on their matte black iPhones is chipping around the edges of the device and on the back even with the use of a protective casing. Will Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone cost over $1,000? People have also upload pictures showing Apple’s flagship device with patches of chipped paint that seem to appear most often around speaker grille, volume button and at the corners. PHOTO COURTESY: discussions.apple.com/people/Raptor48 iPhone 7 black is already chipping paint close to the camera lens, photo is from Apple Store Brussels #iPhone7 pic.twitter.com/n63pwAjeyI — ViridisFructus (@ViridisFructus) September 17, 2016 I swear my iPhone is fake I only had it for 3 weeks and the paints chipping @verizon granted it shatter but there a weird strip on the back — Young Leo (@j_curran11) July 5, 2016 iPhone 7 Matte and Jet Black Models Are Susceptible to Paint Chipping: Use With Extreme Caution – https://t.co/jbZdZFwSmp — Charles Tendell (@charlestendell) November 8, 2016 A user, who goes by the name of Phirsisch, claimed that the paint at the back of his iPhone started to chip off very heavily. “First there were some bubbles building up and then when I put the iPhone on a table the paint chipped off completely,” he said. PHOTO COURTESY: discussions.apple.com/people/Phirsisch Apparently, the iPhone 7 Plus model seems to be affected more so than the smaller model. Another user claimed that despite the fact that the device was kept in the Apple silicone case, paint chipping was noticed “paint chips even where the case is covering the phone”. PHOTO COURTESY: discussions.apple.com/people/syazwanmnoor This isn’t the first time Apple has seen its device suffering from substandard paint finish. Back in 2012, the Cupertino manufacturer launched the iPhone 5 with a new slate colour that users complained scuffed easily. iPhone users can now use WhatsApp ‘without Internet’ Apple subsequently discontinued the slate colour replacing it with space grey. There hasn’t been any official word by Apple in the matter and for now users are resorting DIY solutions to address the issue. Read more: Apple , iPhone 7 , smartphones Read full story Recommended Stories Man throws iPhone 7 off world's tallest building Ukrainian video blogger wants to see how robust the smartphone actually is when put to the ultimate test Apple to cut iPhone production in first quarter of 2017: report Apple's shares were down 0.84 per cent Android users more humble and honest than iPhone users, study finds iPhone users are also more likely to see their phone as a status symbol Facebook Conversations Reader Comments (1) All Comments Reader's Recommendations kemosabe Feb 15, 2017 - 4:28AM Reply You won’t find this problem with the “indestructible” Nokia 3310 ! Comparing apples with oranges ? Not really, when the core function of mobile phones still remains the facility to talk to one another.Recommend MORE Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 One killed in suicide attack on Peshawar judges 2 Man arrested in Lahore for selling sex toys 3 Karachi's top 10 restaurants, according to TripAdvisor 4 Momina Mustehsan breaks silence on broken engagement 5 Is Tesco coming to Pakistan? 6 How to lose 13 kilos in three months 7 The indestructible Nokia 3310 is making a comeback 8 Four bombers strike in 24 hours 9 10 ways to enter the United States if you're a Muslim 10 Volkswagen set to launch two new vehicles in Pakistan Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers Let’s Brunch More in TechnologyQueen to unveil Britain’s new cyber security centre © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Get our newsletter Press Releases 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Get our newsletter Press Releases 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Apple CEO cooks up AR with cryptic hints Written by Jamie Davies 3 days ago Doom and gloom may surround the smartphone market, but something as small as market trends isn’t going to stop Apple as it turns its attention towards augmented reality. CEO Tim Cook has been at it again, and he’s been at it in the typical cryptic fashion that we’ve become used to. Speaking to The Independent, Cook has been talking up the potential surround augmented reality, at times comparing it to the impact the iPhone had on the world. Cook is too wizened to come straight out with any plans and ambitions of the team, but not-so-subtle hints like this have been dropped before; it’s usually a sign of a product launch in the not too distant future. The signs have been there in recent months, but Apple does seem to be looking to augmented and virtual reality to recoup momentum lost in the global smartphone industry. Apple is still collecting the lion’s share of global profits, however the numbers are starting to turn against them. Growth is slowing, and the cash-conscious consumer is looking for cheaper models. Augmented reality would appear to be the avenue Apple is turning down to create the next technological revolution. “I regard it as a big idea like the smartphone,” Cook said in the interview. “The smartphone is for everyone, we don’t have to think the iPhone is a certain demographic, or country, or vertical market; it’s for everyone. I think AR is that big, it’s huge. I get excited because of these things that could improve a lot of lives.” Augmented reality differs in its application to virtual reality, as it interacts with the rest of world rather than creating an alternative one. There may be excitement about the applications available when developing virtual reality, but realistically augmented reality has a much wider berth due to the fact it can be used 24/7, while users continue their normal days simultaneously. The day-to-day applications are much more wide ranging than in virtual reality. “I’m excited about Augmented Reality because unlike Virtual Reality which closes the world out, AR allows individuals to be present in the world but hopefully allows an improvement on what’s happening presently,” said Cook. “Most people don’t want to lock themselves out from the world for a long period of time and today you can’t do that because you get sick from it. With AR you can, not be engrossed in something, but have it be a part of your world, of your conversation. That has resonance.” Apple has dominated the smartphone industry over the last decade, and has a brand loyalty which can only be rivalled by the likes of Facebook. Augmented and virtual reality have faced the road blocks of price and consumer acceptance to date, that said if there was one brand which could smooth the surface for the rest of the industry, it might well be Apple. iLifers are incredibly loyal and seemingly don’t mind dipping into the piggy bank. The secretive Cook has done well to big up a segment without saying much, but his comments will get attention from the rest of the industry. A smart man might bet on Apple releasing some sort of augmented reality product in the near future. Daily Poll What would you consider the biggest roadblock for autonomous vehicles? Consumer acceptance Regulatory approval Political issues such as job redundancies Making autonomous vehicles price competitive Network performance and connectivity Making sure AI is good enough Developing the ecosystem Cyber security  Loading ... Tags: Apple, AR, augmented reality, virtual reality, VR Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content The smartphone identity crisis continues Q4 2016 smartphone market – Apple rubs salt in Samsung’s wounds Samsung insists VR market is worth bothering with It seems that Apple’s Partnership on AI invitation got lost in the post Webinars View all VSAT system Challenges 2017-2025 23 February 2017 White Papers View all Tomorrow’s world – what is the future of telecoms? Share 03 Feb 2017 Data Revelations: Nominum Data Science Security Report Share 15 Dec 2016 Network maintenance evolution and best practices for NFV assurance Share 22 Nov 2016 Events View all Container World 21-23 February 2017 View Event GSMA Mobile World Congress 27 February - 02 March 2017 View Event Cable Congress 08-09 March 2017 View Event Polls View all Who owns the data? Car manufacturers Insurance companies Telecoms operators Software and AI companies The driver  Loading ... Twitter View all MWC 2017 will be all about #5G for #Ericsson https://t.co/fO1ALMSo2V #featured #mwc2017 15 February 2017 @ 18:31:40 UTC #Softbank keeps rolling the dice with $3.3bn Fortress #acquisition https://t.co/QhtN2zrbF8 #operator #investment 15 February 2017 @ 18:31:40 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Classroom Wearables Technology Market Type, Application, Specification, Technology And Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    This report studies Classroom Wearables Technology in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer Pune, India - February 13, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Summary Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "Classroom Wearables Technology - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 - 2022" This report studies Classroom Wearables Technology in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Apple Google Microsoft Samsung ASUSTek Computer Fitbit Garmin Jawbone Motorola Nike Pebble Sony Click here for a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/952676-global-classroom-wearables-technology-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Classroom Wearables Technology in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Korea Taiwan Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Wrist-worn Equipment Head Gear Other Accessories Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Classroom Wearables Technology in each application, can be divided into Training Teaching Other ...... At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/952676-global-classroom-wearables-technology-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Classroom Wearables Technology Market Research Report 2017 1 Classroom Wearables Technology Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Classroom Wearables Technology 1.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Classroom Wearables Technology by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Wrist-worn Equipment 1.2.3 Head Gear 1.2.4 Other Accessories 1.3 Classroom Wearables Technology Segment by Application 1.3.1 Classroom Wearables Technology Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Training 1.3.3 Teaching 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Classroom Wearables Technology Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Classroom Wearables Technology (2012-2022) ...... 7 Global Classroom Wearables Technology Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Apple 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Apple Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Google 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Google Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Microsoft 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Microsoft Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Samsung 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Samsung Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 ASUSTek Computer 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 ASUSTek Computer Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Fitbit 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Fitbit Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Garmin 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Garmin Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Jawbone 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Jawbone Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Motorola 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Motorola Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Nike 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Classroom Wearables Technology Product Type, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Nike Classroom Wearables Technology Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Pebble 7.12 Sony .....CONTINUED Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=952676 Contact info Contact Us: sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) ; Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/classroom-wearables-technology-market-type-application-specification-technology-and-forecast-to-2022/169312 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/952676-global-classroom-wearables-technology-market-research-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 169312 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Machine to Machine Market Type, Application, Specification, Technology And Forecast To 2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) Dental Laboratory Workstations Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) Organic Cocoa Market Forecast To 2022 With Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, And SWOT Analysis (Thu 16th Feb 17) Bird Food Market - Global Trends, Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities, And Forecast 2017-2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) JP Healthcare Solutions Introduces The EZ Lift Vest Transfer Lift Device (Thu 16th Feb 17) XVerify Partners With JotForm To Provide Email Verification For Web Forms (Thu 16th Feb 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 1 minute read Most Innovative Companies Why Apple Is One Of The Most Innovative Companies Of 2017 The iPhone 7, AirPods, MacBook Touch Bar, and Apple Watch Series 2 all contain new chips that help Apple control its own destiny. [Illustration: Travis Coburn] More from Most Innovative Companies Why Chobani Is One Of The Most Innovative Companies Of 2017 Why Related Companies Is One Of The Most Innovative Companies Of 2017 Why The Home Depot Is One Of The Most Innovative Companies Of 2017 Why Resy Is One Of The Most Innovative Companies Of 2017 Fast Company Staff 02.13.17 6:00 AM Apple isn’t, at its core, a chip company, yet its silicon engineering group shipped four microprocessors in 2016, each paired to a new product, including the iPhone 7 and AirPods. Apple’s commitment to designing the very foundations of its hardware, rather than merely buying them off the shelf, gives it a sustaining advantage in creating the most compelling consumer-electronics experiences. "We pick the projects where we feel like we can make a difference—the big customer-impacting features," says Anand Shimpi, who works on hardware technologies at Apple. So the stunning depth-of-field effect from the iPhone 7 camera? That’s directly enabled by the new A10 chip. "The actual production of the stored portrait image is because of things that we put into the [image signal processor]," Shimpi says. As Apple has expanded into new product lines, its silicon team has had to figure out how to realize the vision of the company’s systems and design teams. And it can’t just shove the A10 where it doesn’t belong. The S2 chip, for example, was developed to give the second-generation Apple Watch its lauded performance improvements without sacrificing battery life, and the magic trick of how AirPods simultaneously deliver music to two separate wireless devices is a direct result of programming embedded within their W1 chip. "We want to improve without compromise," says Shimpi. It’s this mind-set that helped Apple’s "rebuilding year" of fiscal 2016 generate more than $215 billion in revenue and almost $46 billion in profit. This article is part of our coverage of the World's Most Innovative Companies of 2017. A version of this article appeared in the March 2017 issue of Fast Company magazine. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 2 minute read Most Innovative Companies 10 Glimpses Of The Future These 10 past Most Innovative Companies honorees signaled major business and cultural changes to come. [Illustration: Markus Magnusson] More from Most Innovative Companies Why Chobani Is One Of The Most Innovative Companies Of 2017 Why Related Companies Is One Of The Most Innovative Companies Of 2017 Why The Home Depot Is One Of The Most Innovative Companies Of 2017 Why Resy Is One Of The Most Innovative Companies Of 2017 David Lidsky 02.13.17 6:00 AM 1. Real Networks 2008: With its Rhapsody subscription service, the digital audio pioneer tried to woo users to rent, not buy, tunes, bucking a century of consumer behavior. Today: In 2016, streaming became the primary way people listen to music, though Napster (née Rhapsody) has just 3.5 million subs, versus Spotify (40 million) and Apple Music (20 million). 2. Method 2008: Embracing the principles of a then-novel business structure called a B Corporation that made social responsibility as important as profitability, the cleaning-products startup grew to $100 million in annual revenue. Today: There are 1,797 B Corps, including Warby Parker and Revolution Foods. 3. Hulu 2009: The media-backed, streaming TV network created the experience of watching long-form video content on the internet and mobile devices. Today: Netflix, Amazon, YouTube, HBO, Apple, and Hulu have continued to innovate, transforming digital TV through daring originals, predictive recommendations, and offline viewing. 4. BYD 2009: The Chinese battery manufacturer beat GM, Toyota, and Nissan to market with the first plug-in hybrid car. Then its fully electric E6 debuted in 2011, using its lithium-ion ferrous phosphate tech. Today: BYD’s marriage of energy capture and storage with cars presaged Tesla’s move in the same direction. 5. Burberry 2011: Under the leadership of CEO Angela Ahrendts, the iconic fashion house used digital savvy (live-streamed runway shows and instant ordering via in-store iPads) to elevate its fortunes. Today: The fashion industry is fully Instagrammified, while Ahrendts runs Apple Stores, where she has brought fashion to tech. 6. Kiva Systems 2012: Squat, orange Kiva robots upended warehouse management for such brands as Toys "R" Us and Staples, enabling faster shipping and handling. Today: Amazon acquired Kiva later in 2012 for $775 million. The technology, as well as subsequent enhancements, has delivered for the ur-retailer’s Prime and Prime Now services. 7. GitHub 2013: This collaborative platform for software engineers let organizations such as Facebook and the Obama White House accelerate project development by open-sourcing some code. Today: Coding has emerged as an essential literacy, as GitHub and rivals coax enterprises to value pooled projects over proprietary ones. 8. WhatsApp 2014: By disrupting wireless carriers’ SMS business, WhatsApp’s bare-bones messaging service accrued 400 million monthly users. Today: Facebook spent $22 billion to purchase WhatsApp, which now has more than 1 billion users and is building a messaging-based operating system. 9. Stripe 2015: With high-profile deals to power mainstream digital commerce via Apple and Facebook, the back-end payments service rose to prominence. Today: Stripe, which embodies the emergence of application programming interfaces­ as fuel for the innovation economy, is seeding global entrepreneurship via its new Atlas program. 10. GE 2016: The granddaddy of old-school business conglomerates embraced cloud computing and sensors to optimize heavy machinery such as jet engines and wind turbines, generating $5 billion annually. Today: Sensors, big data, and artificial intelligence are creating an industrial internet and revolutionizing manufacturing productivity. This article is part of our coverage of the World's Most Innovative Companies of 2017. A version of this article appeared in the March 2017 issue of Fast Company magazine. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'He wanted me to get rid of the blacks': New details emerge in huge 400-page FBI file on the investigation into whether Donald and his father Fred racially discriminated against minorities in the 1970s REVEALED: Police in Indiana release grainy picture of man walking near to where two 13-year-old girl's were found dead after hiking and ask for help in identifying him Mental tricks that'll really make you nod off, why popping pills won't help and stop snoring keeping you awake: The one-week insomnia cure  New map shows the booming number of hate groups that have sprung up since Trump ran for president after his candidacy 'energized the radical right' The joke was on her! 'LOL assassin' may have been duped into murdering Kim Jong Un's brother by 'friends' who told her to wipe poison on him 'as a prank' as a second woman and her boyfriend are arrested Did 'careless' Facebook use lead to Kim Jong-nam's assassination? Half-brother of North Korean dictator couldn't resist posting pictures of his playboy life in Macau and Shanghai Valentines Day horror for grandmother, 87, after a man, 23, knocks on her apartment door and barges in so he can leap to his death from her balcony Mother of six, 34, and her boyfriend are arrested for 'using a drone to peep into the bathrooms and bedrooms of their neighbors' New York judge orders drug-addicted mom-of-four who worked as a prostitute not to get pregnant again  She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact 'She was inspiring': Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley heaps praise on Malia Obama for joining in the Dakota pipeline protest EXCLUSIVE: Widow of Orlando nightclub shooter arrested for 'aiding and abetting' and 'obstruction' was in 'EXTREME DANGER' from her terrorist husband, says domestic abuse expert  'This would be great news to the remaining owners!' Shocking emails reveal Porsche employee joked about the crash that killed Paul Walker because it boosted the value of other 'rare' Carrera GTs Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals his investigation will be delayed due to massive backlog Do YOU take sleeping tablets? You could be at risk of DEATH: Dangerous levels of a naturally-occurring chemical found in some supplements Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Former Dairy Queen manager who 'bullied 17-year-old worker until he killed himself' is charged with manslaughter Senate blocks Obama-era regulation that would have prevented mentally-impaired people from buying firearms  Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning skirt suit to welcome Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the White House in her first official appearance since Trump was sworn in 'It's time for us to look into all things': Prominent Republicans refusing to rule out a special probe into Trump's alleged ties with Russia  Miami Marlins' owner Jeffrey Loria' is being considered for French ambassador'  Steve Bannon strolls by White House reporters, says it's 'the opposition party, all lined up' Giggling Trump and Bibi agree on one thing before they start Middle East peace talks: They both love Jared Kushner  Previous Next Abandoned, boarded up and strewn with rotten corpses: Inside college which had to close down because it had fewer students than professors  Eerie photos have emerged of an abandoned college campus that has been abandoned for 20 years in parts Images from a science hall show animal corpses rotting on shelves and stained 1980s Apple computers  The eye-opening pictures were taken at Knoxville College, Tennessee which was a black liberal arts college The educational institute unceremoniously closed in May 2015 after just 15 students enrolled for class By Simon Holmes For Mailonline Published: 05:44 EST, 13 February 2017 | Updated: 12:02 EST, 13 February 2017 e-mail 84 shares 58 View comments Eerie photos have emerged of an abandoned college campus with the remains of animal carcasses rotting on shelves, yellowed paper strewn across classroom floors and stained Apple computers from the 1980s. The eye-opening pictures were taken in the science department of Knoxville College, Tennessee which was a liberal arts college founded by the United Presbyterian Church of North America in 1875 for African-American students. However student numbers began to dwindle during the 1970s and the educational institute closed in May 2015 after just 15 students enrolled for class. The teaching staff at the time of closure numbered 35, over double the student body.   Despite originally planning to reopen again in the fall of 2016 the college doors remained shut. Much of the campus had been left to the elements since the late 1990s when students numbers reached new lows.  Knoxville authorities ordered the college to clean up the buildings after around five fires broke out there last year, but its owners failed to respond and as a result it has been boarded up. Most of the photos take you inside the Stewart Science Hall which had to be thoroughly cleaned by Environmental Protection Agency who deemed the block to have potentially harmful toxic chemicals seeping through its cracks.  The pictures and footage were taken by urban explorers The Proper People from Knoxville.  Past: A door for a classroom in the Stewart Science Hall of Knoxville College. The urban campus stretches 39 acres but most  buildings are in complete disrepair  Gone: A dead dog, that would have once been used in science experiments, is left unburied. Its remains stick to a chopping board on a shelf  Old: One of Apple's previous logos hangs proudly in a computer lab. Much of the building has been abandoned since 1997 RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next North Korea boasts of firing new type of fast-launching... What a difference a year makes! Homeless man reveals how his... Assad's 21st century holocaust: We know these pictures will... Share this article Share Remember: An archaic looking Apple desktop computer seemingly ready for use. The science block has been left to the elements since 1997  Ransacked: The president's dining room has seen better days with desks and draws emptied. The school endured a long path to bankruptcy   Rot: A classroom with dirtied tables and a damp floor. Knoxville College began to struggle financially in the 1970 and in 1997, the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools withdrew Knoxville College's accreditation. As a result enrollment dropped precipitously and the school's financial situation worsened  Ready: Scientific equipment still remains in place and in seemingly decent condition. After losing its college accreditation enrollment plummeted along with the school's debt and it was soon unable to pay its faculty or electric bills Motion: This lab looks as though it was left in a hurry. The school became unable to pay its faculty or electric bills in the late 1990s and most campus buildings were shuttered and abandoned, and most degree programs were discontinued Bones: The skull and a spine of an animal. The college attempted to make a comeback in 2010 and hired Dr Horace A. Judson as an interim president who devised a six point plan to restore the college to its former glory  Left: The new president's efforts proved futile and he left his post shortly after starting. Things went from bad to worse when the Environmental Protection Agency seized control of the long-shuttered A.K. Stewart Science Hall to conduct an emergency clean-up of toxic chemicals that the college had improperly stored in laboratories Dirt: The canteen's floor us covered in mud and graffiti adorns the walls. In April 2015, the school announced it was suspending classes for the Fall 2015 as only 15 students enrolled. The college is still struggling to pay back a $4.5 million loan from 2003 and more than $425,000 to the federal government for the Stewart Science Hall cleanup. The government has also recommended that the hall become Superfund site, meaning more hazardous waste needs to be removed from the premises Stuck: With its unpaid debts and apparent need for another clean up, which the college owners will need to pay for, it seems students will not be walking through classroom doors anytime soon  Share or comment on this article e-mail 84 shares Someone go in there and get those Apple PCs! There'... by KeizerGhidorah 87 Most watched News videos Moment ISIS suicide attacker detonates bomb near Syrian rebels Dog CRIES after being told off for chewing sofa into pieces Redback spider catches brown snake in it's web and attacks it Terrifying moment deadly Chicago ambush captured on Facebook live Shocking moment a model poses on the ledge of very tall skyscraper Social Experiment: Would you breastfeed a stranger's baby? Final moments of radio broadcast before Dominican Rep DJ shot dead CCTV shows Kim Jong Un's 'female assassin' sent to kill half-brother Deputy Cody Williams and young boy in adorable dance-off Donald and Melania welcome Israeli PM and wife at White House ISIS video of boys from Yazidi area of Iraq 'on suicide mission' Brutal moment James Arthur is smashed in the head by thug Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer:... Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning... Make-up artist, 22, and her boyfriend, 22, agree that SHE... Assassin in a mini skirt? How the chillingly audacious... Motorist is branded a hero by other drivers after parking... Murder squad close a city centre McDonald's as boy, 17,... Model of stupidity! Stunning Russian Instagram queen... Tree surgeon father-of-one, 31, dies when his CHAINSAW... A 'criminal' attack on 'a wonderful man': Trump ramps up... Group of strictly Orthodox Jewish men cause 'absolute... Moment two-year-old boy was shot dead on Facebook Live:... Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour: Her... 'One day, Leny kissed me': Amanda Knox opens up about... Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to... Ex-NHL star Mike Comrie who was married to Hilary Duff is... Redback v snake: Extraordinary moment a spider takes on a... Mother of murdered schoolgirl Billie-Jo Jenkins calls for... Trump's Labor pick Andrew Puzder officially withdraws his... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (58) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 13 February 2017 | MYT 4:02 PM Beats headphones now available in the Apple online store by tan kit hoong Move to the Beats: Apple has finally made the Beats headphones available in its local online store. A little while back we lamented in this story that Apple had not made available the many Beats headphones available to buy in its local online store, which is funny for a brand that the company owns. Well, it seems that the company has finally rectified this oversight and made all the Beats headphones available in its Malaysian online store. This includes the older Beats Solo2 and the wired Beats EP models, but more importantly, the new Beats Solo3 wireless headphones and BeatsX wireless earphones – which feature the same Apple-designed W1 chip as the AirPods – are also listed. The W1 chip offers many advantages, chief of which is much longer battery life compared to the old models featuring the same size battery – for example, the Beats Solo3, which has the same size battery as the Beats Solo2, is rated for up to 40 hours of battery life compared to the Solo2 which is rated for 12 hours on a single charge. Another piece of good news is that Apple is pricing the headphones lower than the price it would be if converted at current exchange rates from the United States' official price – the Beats Solo3 for example, is RM1,200 which is quite a bit lower than the US$299.95 (about RM1,334) official price in the American store, while the new BeatsX is RM600 which is slightly cheaper than the direct conversion from its US pricing of US$149.95 (about RM667) The reason we're mentioning this is that Apple's pricing has been a little inconsistent when it comes to products in its local online store – the AirPods retail here for RM849 when the official price in the American store is only US$159 (about RM707). In any case if you like the Beats sound, just go on over to the Malaysian Apple online store here and get yourself a pair. Related Stories You May Be Interested Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple: study Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Pokémon Go: The universe expands Gartner: Spend your limited IT budget wisely Facebook shutters hundreds of Oculus VR demo stations at Best Buy stores Apple struggles to make big deals, hampering strategy shifts Others Also Read French prosecutor says Fillon fake work probe will continue No soft-pedalling from Team NZ in radical yacht design Najib: New KL ATCC will enable improved air traffic control facilities advertisement Latest News Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Pokémon Go: The universe expands Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Most Viewed in Tech Pokémon Go: The universe expands Nokia 3310 on the comeback trail: report Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Stand up to cancer Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Lenovo’s profit misses estimates after PC rivals erode lead Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple: study Apple struggles to make big deals, hampering strategy shifts Yahoo notifies users of sophisticated breach methods Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Why fake news is a huge threat to democracy and both Apple and the rest of us need to respond Trending in Apple W1 Bluetooth wireless headphones compared: Apple AirPods, Beats Solo3, Powerbeats3 & BeatsX Trending in Apple Top BeatsX features: A hands-on look at the highly anticipated W1-powered earphones [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: Unless Apple pulls a rabbit from the hat, inductive wireless charging is too little too late Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: Higher power output turned my Mac into a charging hub for my holiday Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name February 11 AAPL: 132.12 -0.30 If Apple sold inductive wireless charging tech separate from iPhone 8, would you buy it? [Poll] Chance Miller - Feb. 11th 2017 10:54 am PT @ChanceHMiller iPhone 8 poll View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit One of the long-running rumors for the iPhone 8 is wireless charging. Though there has been some back and forth as to what exact wireless technology the device will use, wireless charging has been one of the most consistent rumors. Earlier today, however, a report claimed that Apple would sell the wireless charging accessory separately from the iPhone 8 itself. If Apple does sell wireless charging technology separately, would you pay for it? While some reports claimed that Apple would adopt a long-range wireless technology, more recent reports point towards an inductive solution instead. Though, a long-range solution is possible with future generations. Inductive wireless charging isn’t a new technology and if Apple adopts, it’s unclear what exactly would set it apart from other solutions. In fact, accessory makers have sold inductive wireless charging cases and charging pads for several years. Presumably, however, one of the benefits of Apple’s implementation would be that a case wouldn’t be required. Apple shipping an inductive wireless charging solution would be somewhat ironic. In a 2012 interview, Apple exec Eddy Cue explained that it wasn’t clear what sort of benefits such a solution included, given that something still had to be plugged into the wall: “Having to create another device you have to plug into the wall is actually, for most situations, more complicated,” Schiller said. Of course, in that same interview, Schiller also downplayed the importance of NFC, a technology that Apple now heavily relies on for Apple Pay. Last month, we ran a poll asking if Apple should even bother including wireless charging if it was of the inductive form rather than long-range. The poll results show nearly an even split between customers saying Apple should include inductive technology and others say that it’s long-range or nothing. Personally, I don’t see the benefit of inductive wireless charging. It makes sense on the Apple Watch because it means a charging port isn’t necessary, but on the iPhone, it seems more cumbersome than useful. Also, think about how often people use their phones while plugged in and charging. This wouldn’t be possible if they were charging their device via an inductive solution. For the purposes of this poll, let’s assume that the wireless charging solution is inductive and Apple sells the accessory separately. Would you pay for it? Let us know in the comments. Take Our Poll Guides iPhone 8 View THe Guide poll View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel

қаз qaz рус eng قازاقشا 中文 +7 (701) 759 90 19 +7 (701) 759 90 19 Weather Astana -10 °С Almaty 5 °С Exchange rates USD 320.70 EUR 338.37 RUB 5.59 CNY 46.70 Speeches of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan President's Address to the Nation Development of the President's Message Foreign Mass Media about Kazakhstan World and Crisis Speeches of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan President's Address to the Nation Development of the President's Message Foreign Mass Media about Kazakhstan World and Crisis Apple sets a new record for iPhone sales 13 February 14:09 270 ASTANA. KAZINFORM Apple just reported strong financial results for the first quarter of 2017, Kazinform has learnt from The Verge. "We're thrilled to report that our holiday quarter results generated Apple's highest quarterly revenue ever, and broke multiple records along the way. We sold more iPhones than ever before and set all-time revenue records for iPhone, Services, Mac, and Apple Watch," said CEO Tim Cook. "Revenue from Services grew strongly over last year, led by record customer activity on the App Store, and we are very excited about the products in our pipeline," the company wrote in its letter to investors. The company took in $78.4 billion in revenue and sold 78 million iPhones. The last few quarters have marked the end of an incredible growth spurt for Apple. After more than a decade of record setting sales and revenue gains, the momentum around iPhone sales finally tapered off. Read more. Keywords: Business, companies, : Read also PM Sagintayev to head Kazakh Invest KASE day session: USDKZT_TOD = 320.24 Governor of Atyrau region praises young entrepreneurs Kazakhstan Temir Zholy net income amounted 28 billion tenge 1st ever website on dual education launched in Petropavlovsk 3rd modernization focuses on people - German experts News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Send Latest news Dosym Satpayev elected Chairman of ENPF Public Council 14:07 Society > Society 82 PM Sagintayev to head Kazakh Invest 13:48 World News > International Activity of Kazakhstan 140 Lamborghini is recalling thousands of supercars 12:49 World News > World News 158 Kazakh energy ministry talks prospects of oil transit via Azerbaijan 12:47 Economy and finance > Oil and Gas 133 Syria talks: MFA rep comments on negotiations progress 12:39 Regions > Astana 156 Dimash Kudaibergenov makes I Am a Singer audience cry 12:37 Society > Entertainment 154 Constitutional reforms historic milestone in Kazakhstan's biography - Akhmetova 12:03 Authorities and Policy > Responses to President's Message 133 Venezuela Blocks CNN en Español 12:01 World News > World News 175 Finalist of Miss Kazakhstan '15 takes part in pageant in Taiwan 11:45 Economy and finance > Economy 150 WBC wishes Golovkin good luck in fight vs. Jacobs 11:36 Sport > Sport 160 Kanat Islam: I'm ready for the big fight 11:22 Sport > Sport 156 KASE morning session: USDKZT_TOD = 320.33 (-0.37) 11:17 Economy and finance > Economy 118 Who will represent Kazakhstan in individual race at World Cup Biathlon 11:12 Sport > Sport 149 Bilateral meetings of Syrian peace talks participants start in Astana 11:05 98 Syrian denied asylum in Kazakhstan 10:55 Regions > Karaganda region 195 Russian Culture Minister to visit Astana 10:51 Society > Culture 156 Syrian opposition's chief negotiator arrives in Astana 10:09 208 Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal 09:48 Sport > Sport 129 Real Madrid 3-1 Napoli 09:46 Sport > Sport 133 Cession of powers is relevant in light of Kazakhstan’s democratization – expert 09:09 Authorities and Policy > Responses to President's Message 148 Nazarbayev's initiatives set example for post-Soviet space - Romanian FM 08:54 World News > International Activity of Kazakhstan 158 Rio Olympics medalist Levit KOs German superheavyweight 08:39 Sport > Sport 149 New general director of FC Kairat named 08:16 Sport > Sport 134 Kazakhstan should adapt to a new reality - expert 07:53 Authorities and Policy > Responses to President's Message 201 EEU may create free trade zone with Cambodia 07:25 Authorities and Policy > Eurasian Economic Union 95 Chances of precipitation high in S Kazakhstan 07:14 Regions > Regions 159 New opposition groups joined Syrian talks after Astana-1 yesterday 23:20 125 Russian delegate gives positive appraisal to Astana process talks yesterday 23:01 Authorities and Policy > Politics 142 All information about EXPO-2017 events in one place yesterday 21:59 State programs and projects > Expo-2017 133 First Turkvision to take place in Kazakhstan yesterday 21:32 State programs and projects > Expo-2017 166 Upgrade 3.0 will make Kazakhstan interesting investment partner, expert yesterday 21:18 Authorities and Policy > Politics 196 India launched Kazakhstan satellite Al-Farabi-1 yesterday 20:42 World News > World News 393 Yerzhan Kazykhanov has become RoK Ambassador in USA yesterday 20:27 Authorities and Policy > Politics 245 Yerlan Idrissov appointed Ambassador in UK yesterday 20:17 Authorities and Policy > Politics 198 Kanat Islam vs Robson Assis to be aired live yesterday 19:43 Sport > Sport 190 Load more Commented articles New oil refinery to be built in W Kazakhstan Economy and finance > Oil and Gas 0 Russian MFA confirms U.S. participation in Syria meeting in Astana 0 Syrian armed opposition to attend talks in Astana Regions > Astana 0 Astana process outcomes may lay good foundation for UN-led Intra-Syrian consultations in Geneva – Gareth Bayley 0 USA to be properly represented at EXPO-2017 State programs and projects > Expo-2017 0 KASE day session: USDKZT_TOD = 322.15 Economy and finance > Business 0 Kukushkin tumbles out of ATP Top-100 players Sport > Sport 0 Archive 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 January February March April May June July August September October November December 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Terms of Use Vacancies Photo website About Kazinform Our partners Contacts State symbols Advertisement © 2017 Kazinform
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple released the first trailer for its 'Carpool Karaoke' series during the Grammys James Cook Feb. 13, 2017, 3:47 AM 14,680 facebook linkedin twitter email print Will Smith and James Corden in the new "Carpool Karaoke" trailer.YouTube/Apple Apple released its first teaser for its "Carpool Karaoke" show on Sunday night during the Grammy Awards, The Verge reports. The trailer, which you can view in full below, shows a range of guests for the show, including Metallica, Will Smith, Alicia Keys, John Legend, and Ariana Grande. Apple bought the rights to "Carpool Karaoke" from James Corden's "Late Late Show" last year. Corden's segment followed the same format every time: Corden drove around in a car with a famous musician, and they sang the musician's songs together. But it looks like Apple plans to shake that format up. First of all: Corden won't host every episode. The trailer shows guest hosts including Shaquille O’Neal and Billy Eichner. And this series isn't sticking to cars, either. Smith and Corden can briefly be seen in a helicopter flying past the Hollywood sign. There's no concrete release date included in Apple's trailer — it just says that the series is "coming soon" on Apple Music. NOW WATCH: Trump’s executive orders are being turned into hilarious memes Loading video... More: Apple Grammys 2017 carpool karaoke facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple released the first trailer for its 'Carpool Karaoke' series during the Grammys Apple released the first trailer for its 'Carpool Karaoke' series during the Grammys Apple released its first teaser for its... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Apple’s Tim Cook thinks Augmented Reality is a big idea like the smartphone 0 by Surur  @mspoweruser Feb 13, 2017 at 8:18 GMT3 days ago Smartphones are the basis of Apple’s success, accounting for more than 70% of their profits, and supporting most of the rest via their huge installed and captive base of iPhone owners. It is therefore a testament to Apple’s excitement about Augmented Reality that Tim Cook has said he thinks the technology could be as big as the iPhone. In an interview with The Independent he mentions that he felt it was “a big idea like the smartphone” that would be “huge” and “for everyone,” saying: I regard it as a big idea like the smartphone. The smartphone is for everyone, we don’t have to think the iPhone is about a certain demographic, or country or vertical market: it’s for everyone. I think AR is that big, it’s huge. Tellingly he described it as a “core technology” rather than a stand-alone product, suggesting once again it could be part of the next iPhone rather than a product sold by itself, like the HoloLens. He notes: I view AR like I view the silicon here in my iPhone, it’s not a product per se, it’s a core technology. Tim Cook noted the advantage of Augmented Reality was that it did not exclude the world. I’m excited about Augmented Reality because unlike Virtual Reality which closes the world out, AR allows individuals to be present in the world but hopefully allows an improvement on what’s happening presently. Most people don’t want to lock themselves out from the world for a long period of time and today you can’t do that because you get sick from it. With AR you can, not be engrossed in something, but have it be a part of your world, of your conversation. That has resonance. There have been rumours that the next iPhone will have cameras and sensors which would allow it to act like an augmented reality device when placed in a headset, and which would produce a “see-through” effect, finally making the “transparent” iPhone a reality. Apple has never been a trailblazer when it comes to new technology, but has generally managed to overtake the pioneers after noting their mistakes, making his statement that “there are things to discover before that technology is good enough for the mainstream” telling. Microsoft has been leading the mind-share battle of the augmented reality market, with the most advanced headset with the best developer support in the market. It is however believed the company has managed to sell only “thousands” of headsets, and with the next HoloLens likely to remain unaffordable, and with their new generation of OEM devices likely tethered to PCs the market is unfortunately ripe to be overtaken by a high-quality mobile competitor. Do our readers agree that Microsoft needs to move faster if they don’t want to be steam rolled again? Let us know below. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source Independent Related apple augmented reality hololens iphone microsoft Tim Cook Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp Web and WhatsApp for WP updated (changelog) by Surur 0 Trending GPD’s real Windows 10 Pocket PC reach funding goal near instantly by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Subscribe Now Windows 10 WhatsApp Web and WhatsApp for WP updated (changelog) by Surur on February 16, 2017 WhatsApp has updated their apps for Windows and Windows Phone. The Windows Phone app has been updated to version 2.17.70.0 with the usual bug fixes and various improvements. WhatsApp Web, wh... Microsoft push back End of Life of original Windows 10 by Surur If you have steadfastly refused to update your Windows 10 PC to a new build since launch, Microsoft has given you another 2 months reprieve to still get patches and bug fixes. Build 1507 of ... Garmin Connect Mobile app for Windows 10 updated with great new features by Surur Garmin Connect Mobile app has seen a major update to version v3.15 with many improvements which make the app a worthy competitor for the Fitbit app. The update brings support for music cont... Windows 10’s Sticky Notes app now lets you create a new note from the task... by Mehedi Hassan Windows 10’s Sticky Notes app picked up a pretty sweet update on the Windows Store recently. The app now integrates right into the jump list in Windows 10, which means you can now crea... Microsoft brings its Windows Insider program to the enterprise with WIP4Biz by Mehedi Hassan Microsoft’s Windows Insider Program has been immensely successful for the software giant, helping it to improve Windows 10 over the past couple of years. Today at Microsoft Ignite Aus... Deals Deals Deal Alert: Get the Xbox One S 1TB, Halo 5, Dead Rising 3 and Extra Wireless Controller for only $289.99 There is currently a massive deal available on the Xbox One S console on eBay. The console is currently being sold there with an extra wireless controller, Dead Rising 3 and Halo 5 for only... Deal Alert: HP ENVY x360 15t only $799 with $130 instant rebate HP is running a promotion on the ENVY Hybrid, offering $130 off on the convertible touchscreen laptop until the 15th February. The HP Envy x360 offers the latest 7th Generation Intel Core i7... Deal Alert: Fitbit’s full range of fitness trackers now on sale, save up t... Fitbit is having a sale on their fitness trackers, offering discounts as deep as $50 on their most expensive models. The timing is of course opportune, partially due to the post-holiday hea... Alcatel’s Idol 4S drops to $288 on T-Mobile USA Alcatel’s Idol 4S for Windows has just received a price cut on T-Mobile. The device, ordinarily costing over $400 dollars, has now been reduced to $288 on T-Mobile’s online store... Deal Alert: 1 TB Xbox One S with free controller and Halo Wars 2 only £259 The Microsoft Store is offering a range of deals on the Xbox One S, offering as much as £40 off plus a free controller which usually costs £50. The the best deal is for the 1TB Halo Wars 2... Deal: Get ‘Rainbow Six Siege Year 2 Gold Edition’ for $29.99 Right now the Microsoft Store is offering the ‘Tom Clancy’s: Rainbow Six Siege Year 2 Gold Edition’ version of the game for only $29.99. However this is not the physical co... Deal: Get ‘LEGO MARVEL’s Avengers’ for half off at Amazon You can now grab ‘LEGO MARVEL’s Avengers’ for half off at online retailer Amazon. The title, which normally goes for $39.99, is now on sale for only $19.99.  The deluxe versio... Deal: Save up to $250 on select Surface Book models from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering up to $250 discount on select Surface Book devices. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1299. Also, Surface ... Deal: Save $524 on the original Surface Book with Core i7 and 512GB SSD Amazon US is now offering a huge discount on the original Surface Book device. You can now get a discount of $524 on the Surface Book with Intel Core i7/16GB RAM/512GB/NVIDIA graphics. Find ... Deal: Save up to $200 on select Surface Pro 4, plus get an NFL Type Cover worth ... Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the US. You can also get an NFL Type cover worth $159 for free along with the purchase. For example, ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Samsung BioLogics wins best CMO Asia award The Korea Herald > Business > Technology Samsung Display rises as major supplier for Apple   Published : 2017-02-13 17:34 Updated : 2017-02-13 17:40 Samsung Display has received a display panel order from Apple for an additional 5 trillion won ($4.35 billion) in organic light-emitting diodes. Totaling 13 trillion won so far, Samsung Display has proved a major supplier for Apple’s upcoming iPhone models, sources said Monday. According to sources from the display industry, Samsung Display recently won the order for 60 million OLED panels. Considering the Korean display maker had already clinched a deal to supply 100 million flexible OLED panels at 8 trillion won last April, the latest order will make Samsung the biggest supplier for Apple’s next smartphone, which is expected to be launched in the fall. Market watchers estimate that Samsung would be supplying about 80 percent of the total demand for iPhone display panels, given that each iPhone series has sold more than 200 million units. It had been widely expected that Apple would adopt OLED technology for its next smartphone models. Samsung recently moved to ramp up investment in OLED for mobile devices.  Although Samsung said its new investment in the display business for this year has not been confirmed, industry insiders are saying the largest investment plan is to follow this year. Last year, the company injected about 10 trillion won for production of OLED panels. Samsung has three OLED panel production lines in Cheonan and Asan in South Chungcheong Province of South Korea. Some sources say the company is considering building another plant in the vicinity of the current plants in order to meet soaring demand. The display manufacturer is also awaiting final approval from the Vietnamese government for an investment of 3 trillion won in order to expand OLED production in the country. Both parties are expected to announce the approval by March. The company has been operating an OLED factory in Tinh Bac Ninh in the northern part of the country since 2014. Vietnam is a hub country for production of a major portion of Samsung products, including the Galaxy smartphone series. “We can’t officially comment on anything related to the order,” said a spokesman at Samsung Display. “Samsung takes pride in small OLED panels,” said an industrial source familiar with the matter. “While LG is enhancing its OLED business for TVs, Samsung is likely to focus on mobile OLED panels this year, helped by the Apple orders.” By Song Su-hyun (song@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Samsung BioLogics wins best ... 2. Dwight School to promote bea... 3. South Koreans world's top f... 4. SPC’s third generation hit... 5. Counsel requests extension o... 6. Breakdown of salaries for h... 7. Court foils counsel’s plan ... 8. Gov't picks preliminary relo... 9. S.M. Entertainment aims to o... 10. Starbucks' digital receipts... 1. 'NK leader’s half-brother b... 2. Unfortunate crown prince’s... 3. Malaysia arrests another sus... 4. Second woman arrested in Kim... 5. Kim Jong-un loyalists behind... 6. North Korea's ruling family... 7. Samsung’s Lee Jae-yong atte... 8. Web of intrigue in assassin... 9. Apple seen gauging Apple Pay... 10. Will Lee Boo-jin fill in Sam... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Workforce•Improper Payments•First 100 Days•FBI•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Entertainment News Home » The Associated Press » Entertainment News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press February 13, 2017 3:35 am 8 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Asian stock markets gain after Wall Street hits record high BEIJING (AP) — Asian stock markets are up today after Wall Street hit a new high and a meeting between President Donald Trump and Japan’s prime minister appeared to soothe tensions over trade and currency. Federal News Radio conducted an exclusive data center survey to assess how agencies are storing data. Download the results. The Shanghai Composite Index has advanced 0.5 and Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 index is up 0.4 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng is up 0.5 percent. Seoul’s Kospi is up 0.2 percent while India’s Sensex is down 0.3 percent. Benchmarks in New Zealand and Southeast Asia are up. Advertisement A rally in small company stocks Friday helped push benchmarks to all-time highs. Miners and other raw materials companies led gains while rising oil prices gave energy companies a big boost. Strong company earnings and investor optimism over the Trump administration’s promises of tax cuts, less government regulation and other policies helped fuel the market’s gains much of the week. On Friday, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.5 percent to 20,269.37. The S&P 500 index gained 0.4 percent to 2,316.10. And the Nasdaq composite index added 0.3 percent to 5,734.13. The Nasdaq closed at a record high four times last week. IMF-TRUMP IMF head: Trump good for US economy for now as trouble looms DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — The head of the International Monetary Fund says U.S. President Donald Trump taking office is likely good for the U.S. economy in the short term, though rising American interest rates and a strengthening dollar will challenge global trade. Christine Lagarde said Trump’s plans for additional investment in U.S. infrastructure and his likely tax reforms will boost the American economy. She says: “We have reasons to be optimistic about growth in the United States.” However, Lagarde acknowledged that Trump’s policies likely will lead to “tightening that is going to be difficult on the global economy.” She also defended globalization and international trade at a time of growing protectionism in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world. Lagarde spoke Sunday in Dubai at the annual World Government Summit. JAPAN-ECONOMY Japan’s economy grew 1 percent in 2016, slowed in Oct-Dec TOKYO (AP) — Japan’s economy expanded at a slightly slower than expected 1.0 percent annual pace in 2016, helped by an uptick in exports, the Cabinet office reported Monday. The world’s third-largest economy grew 0.2 percent in the last quarter, from the previous quarter, according to preliminary data, the slowest pace for the year. Quarterly growth peaked at 0.6 percent in the first quarter of 2016 and slowed from that rate. The Japanese economy grew 1.2 percent in 2015. But slower growth in China sapped demand for machinery and other inputs for much of 2016. A modest recovery in the region’s biggest economy helped lift exports late in the year. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has sought to rekindle growth through lavish monetary easing meant to foster inflation and stimulate demand. But manufacturers have been slow to invest or raise wages, and the consumer demand that drives most business activity has remained tepid. Japan’s current account surplus, a wide measure of the country’s trade and investment flows, hit a nine-year high in 2016, up 25 percent from a year earlier. That partly reflects the growing share of economic activity based overseas, where many Japanese companies are investing to tap into higher growth than they can find at home. BRITAIN-APPLE CEO Apple’s Tim Cook: Fake news is ‘killing people’s minds’ LONDON (AP) — Apple chief executive Tim Cook says fake news is “killing minds,” and governments and tech firms must act to stop it. Cook told the Daily Telegraph newspaper that falsehoods are being spread by people who want “to get the most clicks, not tell the most truth. It’s killing people’s minds in a way.” Tech companies have been criticized for doing too little to weed out fake news. Cook says firms have a duty to “create some tools that help diminish the volume of fake news” without curbing free speech. In an interview published Saturday he calls for a “massive” campaign to raise awareness of untrustworthy news stories. Cook says “we need the modern version of the public service announcement campaign. It can be done quickly if there is a will.” BRITAIN-CYBERSECURITY UK offers teens cybersecurity classes to fight attacks LONDON (AP) — Britain plans to give afterschool cybersecurity training to thousands of teenagers in a bid to protect the country from online attacks. The government says it has earmarked 20 million pounds ($25 million) for a Cyber Schools Program, due to start in September. The Department for Culture, Media and Sport said Saturday it hopes almost 6,000 students aged 14 to 18 will complete the extracurricular course by 2021 and that many will go on to cybersecurity careers. Culture Minister Matt Hancock said the “these extracurricular clubs will help identify and inspire future talent.” Parliament’s Public Accounts Committee said last week that Britain’s electronic spy agency, GCHQ, dealt with 200 cyberattacks a month in 2015, double the number in 2014. The committee said skills shortages are undermining Britain’s ability to block cyberattacks. EUROPE-JUNCKER European Commission President Juncker will not run again BERLIN (AP) — Jean-Claude Juncker (zhahn-KLOHD’ YUN’-kur), the president of the European Commission, says he will not run for another term. The 62-year-old Juncker told German public radio on Saturday that looking back at 2014, when he became president, he had a good campaign at the time. But he said “there will not be a second (campaign), because I will not run again.” The former prime minister of Luxembourg is set to serve his term until 2019. The European Commission is the executive branch of the European Union. GAS PRICES US gas price drops 5 cents over 3 weeks, to $2.31 a gallon CAMARILLO, Calif. (AP) — The average price of a gallon of regular-grade gasoline dropped a nickel nationally during the past three weeks, to $2.31. Industry analyst Trilby Lundberg said Sunday that the decline comes despite a slight rise in crude oil prices. Gas in Los Angeles was the highest in the continental United States at an average of $2.87 a gallon Friday. The lowest average was in Cleveland, Ohio, at $1.97 a gallon. The U.S. average diesel price is $2.56, down a penny from three weeks ago. GAS PIPELINES-OHIO Ohio critics hope bats might slow down pipeline project CLEVELAND (AP) — Opponents of a high-pressure natural gas pipeline planned for the northern half of Ohio say they’re hoping the existence of a threatened bat species will at least delay the $2 billion project. Habitats for the northern long-eared bat along the proposed route of the 255-mile-long NEXUS pipeline could result in restrictions for clearing rights of way. The bats nest in trees during the spring and summer months. The two companies building the pipeline say they’ve developed contingency plans that will include the number of bats likely to be killed if they have to fell trees while bats are nesting. The NEXUS pipeline is designed to carry 1.5 billion cubic feet of gas per day from the Appalachian shale fields across Ohio and into Michigan and Canada. DISNEY-PARK PRICES Disney increasing park tickets for certain times of year ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Walt Disney World is increasing single-day tickets at certain times of the year and setting expiration dates on tickets in hopes of preventing overcrowding during its parks’ busiest times. Company officials said Saturday that single-day ticket prices are either staying the same or are increasing no more than $5 under the new price structure for its Florida theme parks. Starting Sunday, “value” days for Magic Kingdom will cost $107 for adults and $101 for children. That represents a $2 increase from the previous prices. During the “regular” times, park visitors will pay $5 more with prices jumping from $115 for adults to $109 for children. The “peak” prices will remain the same at $124 for adults and $118 for children. Expired tickets can be exchanged for credit toward new tickets. FILM-BOX OFFICE ‘Lego Batman’ dominates ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ at box office LOS ANGELES (AP) — The family-friendly “Lego Batman Movie” has proved to be more of a draw than “Fifty Shades Darker” at the box office. Studio estimates Sunday say the “Lego Movie” spinoff took in a strong $55.6 million over the weekend, while the “Fifty Shades” sequel pulled in $46.8 million. It’s a healthy sum, but audiences were less curious to catch up with the exploits of Christian Grey and Ana Steele the second time around. For comparison, “Fifty Shades of Grey” opened with $85.2 million in 2015. Another R-rated sequel, “John Wick: Chapter 2,” outperformed the first film, earning $30 million to more than double “John Wick’s” opening weekend. The Keanu Reeves hit man flick took third place, while “Split” and “Hidden Figures” rounded out the top five. MARTIN SHKRELI-HARVARD Ex-drug company CEO Martin Shkreli to speak at Harvard CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) — Controversial former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli is set to speak at Harvard while out on bail awaiting his federal securities fraud trial. The former CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals is expected to talk about investing and health care at an event organized by the Harvard Financial Analysts Club. The talk on Wednesday is open to the Harvard community only. Shkreli drew sharp criticism after his company purchased the rights to a drug used by AIDS and cancer patients to fight parasitic infections and raised its price from less than $17 to $750 per pill. The 33-year-old New York resident is free on $5 million bail pending his federal securities fraud trial in an unrelated case. He has pleaded not guilty. A judge on Thursday approved his request to travel to Massachusetts. OBIT-ALBERT BOSCOV Boscov’s chairman Albert Boscov dies at 87 READING, Pa. (AP) — The chairman of a century-old department store chain has died. Albert Boscov was 87. Boscov’s CEO and vice chairman Jim Boscov said in a statement that his uncle died Friday of cancer at his home in Reading, Pennsylvania, “surrounded by his loving wife and three daughters.” Albert Boscov was credited with driving the growth of the business established by his father in 1914 to sales in excess of $1 billion with more than 7,500 employees. The Reading-based chain’s website lists stores in Pennsylvania and six other states: Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, and Ohio. Albert Boscov announced Feb. 1 that he had terminal pancreatic cancer. He said he wanted 2017 to be “our best possible year” and wished co-workers good luck, saying “I love you all.” Topics: Business News Entertainment News Government News Lifestyle News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Entertainment News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1933: FDR escapes assassination in Miami Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day National Guard assists tornado cleanup A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended White House prepping government reorg executive order Top Story Labor Department employees get their wish as Puzder withdraws First 100 Days 2020 Census among new additions to GAO High-Risk List Hearings/Oversight Tracking the bills facing the federal workforce, at a glance Legislation Half of agency supervisors say they’re confident they could remove ‘bad apples’ Management Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Fintech Apple Google Facebook Amazon Apple, Facebook and Amazon primed for PSD2 demolition of the card networks Icon's Tom Hay and Richard Dear explain how instant payments will drive the new API economy. By Ian Allison February 13, 2017 08:24 GMT Quite often people talk about the fabulous opportunities that open APIs at banks will create for small, innovative fintech startups. What has been less discussed, particularly in the early days of PSD2 (Payments Services Directive), was how large internet companies like Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon (GAFA) were likely to respond. Icon, a payments consultancy and technology provider, knows a bit about GAFA plans in this area. Tom Hay, head of payments at Icon, said: "We have always said, wait a minute, look at organisations like Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon. Do you think those guys are just going to sit back? "They are going to be right in there. They are going to use it as a platform to make their payments bypass the card companies that they rely on at the moment." Come the 13 January 2018, banks will be forced to open up their APIs to any authorised payment initiation service. It is an absolute fact that as soon as this happens the GAFA guys are going to be targeting the big European banks and pushing payments through them rather than going via the card schemes, because PSD2 initiation is going to be much more cost-effective for the merchants and for themselves, says Hay. Icon has provided consultancy to many banks and other players in this field about how they will meet the technology demands of PSD2. IBTimes UK asked him for any detail about what we can expect from GAFA. "I have probably shared as much as I can," he said. "Let me put it this way – there are definite plans in place, not just to do small scale organic migration – so letting people choose, am I going to pay with my card or am I going to pay directly from my account? GAFA attack "For these guys (GAFA), it's going to be cost effective to have people paying directly from their accounts; they've got plans in place, if not to force, then certainly make it very easy and desirable for people to move in that direction." Banks have been notoriously slow to support any kind of innovation in the world of payments. A lot of banks have started incubators to support fintechs; they are very happy putting up new front ends and so on. But when it comes to making changes to their back office systems, which actually handle the payments, they are only going to do that with a gun to their heads. PSD2 is that gun. And this also presents a market opportunity for GAFA to move in big time. Banks may be skittish about allowing any tinkering under their bonnets and the sharing of their data, but the card networks look like the real losers from PSD2. "Yes it certainly looks that way," says Richard Dear, Icon's business development director. "I think that's one of the reasons why Mastercard acquired Vocalink because it gives them a kind of foot in the door for the non-card payments world. Vocalink is well known in the UK, but it also has an instant payments product which it's installed in Singapore, and they are also installing it in the US. "So having fingers in that pie at least mitigates the risk of the cannibalisation of the card business. I think Mastercard are now not styling themselves as more of a payments business rather than a cards business, so hedging their bets," he said. However, it's not entirely clear how banks will monetise their open APIs. "A lot of banks are struggling to see how this will happen," notes Hay. "You hear some fintech companies claiming you can wave a magic wand and it will become profitable. If you look at the regulation, that's not the case. Those services have to be opened up and you can't insist on contract between the bank and the payment initiation service that's using it. "So I think the mandatory APIs that PSD2 says the banks have got to stand up, they are kind of doing that with gritted teeth. Compliance has forced them into this world of open banking, but the technology base that they are building out will enable them to compete in the API economy and that's where I think the golden future lies for banks." Grown up fintech It should be said, Hay and Dear, who were demoing their Instant Payment Framework (IPF) at Finnovate 2017, are not your typical fintech startup. Their suits are grey and so is their hair; their backgrounds include helping to build Faster Payments in the UK and overseeing large scale infrastructure projects for the likes of Vocalink and tier one banks. This is grown up fintech. Icon has built a global product IPF which is designed to thread its way through the variety of legacy systems that have evolved and been merged between banks over time. Immediate payments, as the name suggests, means the payer gets an immediate confirmation from the payee's bank that the payment has been received and credited to the account. Instead of sending batches of multiple payments, IPF sends messages that carry a single payment. This is the same approach as the card networks, albeit in the opposite direction – card messages are "pull" payments, initiated by the payee's agent and responded to by the payer's agent, while immediate payments are generally "push" payments, initiated by the payer's agent and responded to by the payee's agent. The primary focus of the product is to address what is called SCT Inst, which is the credit transfer instant scheme which is rolling out across Europe and goes live in November this year, and then next up and associated with that is PSD2. "We think the two are very closely linked together because an API which is the key part of the PSD2 is a request with an immediate response – and that's exactly what an instant payment is. So putting an API front end in front of a SEPA payment, which is a next day payment, is nonsense; it's like buying a car and then having it pull your donkey cart along." There may be a tendency to view these regulations through a pan-European optic, when really open API banking is a move underway in the US as well. Commercial reality is going to push banks and payment service providers towards instant payments. "People like PayPal are really interested in payments because it allows them to make payments instantly to the merchants that use their marketplace and they see that as a big competitive benefit," said Hay. "Another recent example is Uber; they want to be able to pay their drivers on a day by day basis, so having to wait for batch payments to clear is not good for them. "We have even seen a tier one UK bank lose one of their big customers because the customer needed to make these instant payments and the customer moved elsewhere. "And when you've got a fantastic front end, if everything else is happening instantly, why on earth would you want to wait a day or two days or three days for your payment to go through?" More from IBTimes UK Could Brexit Britain become 'Europe's cold, wet Cayman Islands'? FirstCapital's Hazel Moore on how Silicon Valley is stealing the UK's hottest fintech talent Imagine if Visa sold data about you to greedy hedge funds Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Casual dining shares set to soar despite UK inflation fears Columnists Matthew Carr “400 years ago Spain forcibly converted Muslims to Christianity – then expelled them. Have we learned nothing? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event... Debenhams tops list of employers shamed for underpaying staff Overall, 360 businesses underpaid 15,520 workers a total of £995,233. Budget airline Wizz Air sets up base at Luton airport The decision will create 36 jobs at Luton, which will become the... Consumer group Which? survey reveals Waitrose is the best supermarket in the UK Aldi and Lidl were the two supermarkets that received top ranks for... Most Asian stock markets gain following a positive Wall Street close overnight New York Fed president William Dudley said on Wednesday that the... US stocks mark new records as Donald Trump promises 'massive' tax plan The Nasdaq hit a seven session streak not experienced since 27... Commodities Round-up: US crude inventory data fails to prod oil market bears Official US crude inventory data did not prove to be quite as... Janet Yellen questions Donald Trump's wisdom over spiking Dodd-Frank Act US Federal Reserve Chairwoman casts doubt on Trump administration's... FTSE Moves: Top flight shares lift despite slowing wage growth data FTSE 250 heads towards its sixth successive record close –... Southern rail commuters face more travel misery as RMT plans February strike Industrial action announcement comes after peace talks at mediation... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Paul Nuttall website taken down 'for maintenance' as Ukip leader faces Hillsborough backlash About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Latest News Dow 20,612 +107.45 +0.52% Nasdaq 5,819 +36.87 +0.64% S&P 500 2,349 +11.67 +0.50% 4:03 A.M. ET Airbus faces court battle with Austrian ministry 3:57 A.M. ET Updated This may be the one currency call Trump’s administration got right 3:54 A.M. ET Nestlé sales miss target; plans cost cuts 3:37 A.M. ET Death of Kim Jong Nam: Second woman arrested over airport attack 3:25 A.M. ET Opinion Multinationals learn the limits of being big 3:24 A.M. ET Cobham sinks 22% after writedown, guidance cut 3:22 A.M. ET Updated The Nasdaq is partying like it’s 1999, by this metric 3:21 A.M. ET Updated How one key Trump trade has regained its fizz — in one chart 3:11 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler climbs 1.4% after car sales jump 15% in Europe 3:10 A.M. ET Nestle slips 1.4% at the open after sales slow 3:08 A.M. ET Updated What’s behind Russia’s jauntier mood? Way more than Trump, says this bank CEO 3:07 A.M. ET Updated The reflation trade is back on 3:06 A.M. ET Updated The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 3:05 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens flat at 4,925.30 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Yellen may have offered the clearest explanation for the stock market’s record run 3:05 A.M. ET Updated ‘Mellow’ Charlie Munger says Trump ‘not wrong on everything’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens flat around 11,794.25 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Small businesses to strike Thursday to protest Trump’s immigration policies 3:03 A.M. ET Updated How U.S. crude-oil inventories rose to their highest level ever 3:03 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% lower at 7,282.15 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Time Warner shareholders approve $85.4 billion AT&T merger Home Press Release Australian Banks Tell Apple – It’s Not About Your Fees, It’s About Access to NFC By Published: Feb 13, 2017 2:43 a.m. ET Share SYDNEY & MELBOURNE, Australia, Feb 13, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- The following is a press release from Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac. The group of Australian banks applying to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) for permission to jointly negotiate over access to Apple Pay and the Near Field Communication (NFC)* function on iPhones, have today announced they have narrowed the application to solely focus on open access to the NFC function. Open access to the NFC function on iPhone is required to enable real choice and real competition for consumers, and to facilitate innovation and investment in the digital wallets available to Australians. Without open NFC access on iPhone, no genuine competition in the provision of mobile wallets is possible and Apple will have a stranglehold on this strategically important future market. The four banks making the application – Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac – have responded to concerns raised in the ACCC’s finely balanced draft determination, and proposed to remove from consideration items the ACCC considered may lead to a public detriment. In the applicants’ response to the ACCC, the applicants have addressed these concerns by removing collective negotiation on the potential to pass-through the additional fees Apple wishes to impose on the payment system (i.e., the requested collective negotiation will be in relation to NFC access alone), and limiting the authorisation term to 18 months – half the original term sought. Open NFC access would enable the delivery of substantial public benefits to Australian consumers, not just in payments, but across retailing, loyalty programs, building or member lounge security, and other NFC-use cases. As a result, the applicants have again been supported by nearly all of Australia’s leading retailers, as well as competitors in the provision of payments services to merchants. The applicants flatly reject Apple’s unsupported assertions that the application is about an objection to the fees that Apple wishes to impose, rather than NFC access. Apple’s conspiracy theories about “Trojan horse fees” are similarly dismissed by the applicants as fantasy. Apple recorded over $US7 billion in services revenue, which includes Apple Pay fees, from their customers in the last 3 months of 2016 alone, and hopes to double that over the next four years. With their services business set to become the size of a standalone Fortune 100 company this year, Apple is the leading expert on deriving fee revenues from iPhone users, not the applicants. “The applicants are ready, willing, and able to participate in Apple Pay, alongside being able to offer their customers their own mobile wallet products,” payments specialist and spokesperson on behalf of the applicants, Lance Blockley, said. “This application has always been about consumer choice, and allowing competition between the makers of mobile wallets to offer the best products and features they can to determine which mobile wallet consumers will use. The applicants want to put up their digital offerings head to head with Apple Pay, and let the market and individual consumers decide which best suits their needs. “Open access to the NFC function, as occurs on the world’s most popular and widely installed mobile operating system Android, is important not just to the applicants and mobile payments, but to a range of NFC-powered functions across many sectors and uses. This has global implications for the use of NFC on smart phones. “The application seeks permission to jointly negotiate with Apple; this is not an attempt to delay Apple Pay from entering the Australian market. The applicants expect that Apple Pay would be offered to their customers alongside open access to the NFC function. Any delay or frustration will be as a result of Apple refusing to negotiate. “Apple is not a bank or a credit card scheme, and Apple cannot on their own complete a mobile payment. Nor are the applicants manufacturers of mobile phones – both parties need each other to bring strong mobile payment offerings to the market.” The applicants look forward to the ACCC’s final decision, and believe their submission further demonstrates the net public benefits of the application, and substantially removes any risk of public detriment. *Note to editors: “NFC” or Near Field Communication is the technology that supports the short range wireless communications between a retailer’s payment terminal and the contactless payment card, smartphone or other device being used to pay. NFC technology is inside every modern smartphone, and all contactless capable credit and debit cards. NFC supports far more than contactless payments, and makes life easier and more convenient for consumers around the world by making it simpler to make transactions, exchange digital content, and connect electronic devices with a touch. On the Android operating system, any installed application can access and use the open NFC function. On the iOS and iPhone operating system, only Apple is currently allowed access to the NFC function. Further information, including video, is available at http://nfc-forum.org/what-is-nfc/ View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170212005069/en/ SOURCE: Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac FTI Consulting Samantha Magnusson, 0423 116 696 Samantha.Magnusson@fticonsulting.com or FTI Consulting Shane Murphy, 0420 945 291 Shane.Murphy@fticonsulting.com or Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Silvana Arena, 08 8220 7784 Silvana.arena@bendigoadelaide.com.au or Commonwealth Bank of Australia Kate Abrahams, 02 9118 6919 media@cba.com.au or Westpac Bank Lucy Wilson, 02 8219 8121 lucy.wilson@westpac.com.au or National Australia Bank Evelyn Ek, 0412 887 853 evelyn.ek@nab.com.au Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 The reflation trade is back on Intelligence officials withhold sensitive information from Trump: report The tipping point for renewable energy is nearly here NetApp finally catches up, but may already be behind MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Warehouses are the new mansions View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Sponsored Content Realtor.com: The 5 biggest mistakes veteran and military home buyers make View More Financial News Executive stress on the rise for finance workers View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News In-Car Apps Market share to reach USD 60 million units by 2023 The major application of In-Car Apps Market app includes; weather, navigation, music, social networking and news. In 2015, navigation was the foremost app segment and accounted for around 53% followed by weather app, accounted for over 40% of the overall industry share. Ford is likely to launch a new application called Sync Connect by 2016, which could start, stop, lock and unlock with the help of a remote. Furthermore, this app includes voice activation for smartphones that allows free emergency calls and also enables user to retrieve status of car systems such as tire pressure, fuel levels, battery status and oil level. This app encompasses two tier authentication security and needs user confirmation of system setup through in car console. Request for an in-depth table of contents for this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/request-toc/upcoming/259 North America and Western Europe are anticipated to have 92 million internet connected vehicles by 2016. The app enabled cars are expected to be majorly sold in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) over the forecast period. Apple’s carplay and android’s auto apps are anticipated to witness significant market growth owing to increasing integration of these infotainment platforms in vehicles. It is expected that more than 24 million cars will be equipped with apple carplay app by 2019. Android Auto is expected to be valued around 31 million units by 2020 as well as Apple carplay is likely to be valued at 37 million units by 2020. It incorporates various technologies such as voice control, gesture recognition and aids in eliminating extra buttons in order to maintain driver’s focus on the road. In-car apps assist in ensuring safety by offering improved features such as autonomous emergency brake, evolved cruise control, blind spot data, traffic jam help, cross traffic, and change of lane assist. Furthermore, it also facilitates driver in lane departure, parking assist, traffic signal warning, pedestrian warning, autonomous parking, surround view systems and car to car communications. It offers aforementioned features by installing sensor technologies such as, radar, camera and ultrasound. Numerous domains such as fuel economy and efficiency, health and personal efficiency, security, road safety and insurance liability are anticipated to furnish colossal in-car apps market growth avenues over the forecast period. Growing partnership among app integrators as well as OEM’s (original equipment manufacturers) is forecast to facilitate potential growth opportunities to the in-car apps market. In addition, apps are now integrated with various sensors that facilitate in monitoring the drivers activity and also tracks its focus towards road in order to avoid distracted driving. Increasing implementation of these applications facilitates the user to monitor car repairs with the help of smartphones. It also allows customers in establishing connection with number of service professionals and carries out communication via text, pictures as well as videos. Furthermore, in-car apps help to diagnose the vehicle issues in case of any hazardous situation offers numerous local repair shop suggestion along with the repair charges respectively. Make an inquiry for buying this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/259 These apps acts as a liaison between car & the device and assist driver in accessing the application while driving. Proliferating use of these applications is likely to augment the car driving experience. The probability of having only one platform installed without the flexibility to install another is expected to hamper smart vehicle app market growth. Key industry participants for the in-car apps market share include Alcatel-Lucent, Apple Inc, AT&T Inc, Delphi Automotive LLP, Audi AG, Google Inc, NXP Semiconductors, General Motors, Ford Motor Company and Sierra Wireless among others. Browse Related Reports: Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) Market Size By Application (Road Safety and Security, Traffic Management, Freight Management, Parking Management, Public Transport, Environment Protection, Road User Charging, Automotive Telematics), By Product (ATMS, ATPS, ATIS, APTS, Cooperative vehicle systems),Industry Analysis Report, Regional Analysis, Application Potential, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2015 – 2022 https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/intelligent-transportation-system-ITS-market  About Global Market Insights Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: https://www.gminsights.com Blog: https://gminsights.wordpress.com Connect with us: Facebook | Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, battery, Business, Car Apps, Companies, company, Economy, Electronics, Environment, general, Google News, Health, In-car apps, In-Car Apps Industry, In-Car Apps Market, In-Car Apps Market Analysis, In-car apps market share, In-Car Apps Research Report, Industry, Internet, Machinery, Markets, Music, satPRnews, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rehabilitation Robotics Market 2016: Growth, Trends, Demand, Share, Trends Analysis to 2021 Next PostNext REXEL : ANNUAL RESULTS 2016 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 16 Feb 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 16 Feb 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Will Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone cost over $1,000? Share Tweet Will Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone cost over $1,000? iPhone 8 is expect­ed to featur­e a new 5.8 OLED displa­y By Tech Desk Published: February 13, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Apple is expected to release three new smartphones this year, including a special tenth-anniversary edition. Sources suggest the special edition phone most likely to be called the iPhone 8 will come with a hefty price tag of over $,1000. The new device is expected to feature a new 5.8 OLED display panel that stretches across the whole front of the device. It would also pack a bunch of new features that include a memory upgrade, touch inlays infavour of volume buttons and a virtual home key. All new iPhone 8 rumours you need to know However, some of these upgrades do not come cheap. OLED screens will cost Apple twice as much compared to its current IPS display and memory space is also relatively expensive now due to the strong dollar. The tenth anniversary device will likely be made from forged steel instead of aluminum and will have a glass back as opposed to metal. It will also include a dual sensor camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus. Is Apple working on a curved screen iPhone 8? If rumours turn out to be true, we could see a revolutionary new iPhone with a gorgeous monolithic design and some of the best specs in the smartphone industry. Rumours also suggest Apple has been accelerating manufacturing schedule for this year’s phones and will announce its new phones in fall and begin selling them shortly thereafter. Apple will also release upgraded versions of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus with minor changes as its does with its ‘S’ version smartphones. However, there is no official word by Apple and as such we can expect the smartphone manufacturer to change features and specs in an upcoming phone at any time. This article originally appeared no Factory Company. Read more: Apple , iPhone , iPhone 8 Read full story Recommended Stories Apple to cut iPhone production in first quarter of 2017: report Apple's shares were down 0.84 per cent Apple considering expansion into wearable glasses: Bloomberg The wearable headset would show images, along with other information and may use augmented reality Apple’s AirPod headphones available for sale after 2-month delay Delivery would start next week Facebook Conversations Reader Comments (1) All Comments Reader's Recommendations John Fakename Feb 14, 2017 - 12:15AM Reply The top model costs $950 today – why is it a surprise the new one would cost $50+ more?Recommend MORE Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 One killed in suicide attack on Peshawar judges 2 Man arrested in Lahore for selling sex toys 3 Karachi's top 10 restaurants, according to TripAdvisor 4 Momina Mustehsan breaks silence on broken engagement 5 Is Tesco coming to Pakistan? 6 How to lose 13 kilos in three months 7 The indestructible Nokia 3310 is making a comeback 8 Four bombers strike in 24 hours 9 10 ways to enter the United States if you're a Muslim 10 Volkswagen set to launch two new vehicles in Pakistan Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers Let’s Brunch More in TechnologyRead this before you buy iPhone 7 or 7 Plus matte black model © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, February 16, 2017, 3:16 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Cyberspies force firms to tailor networks By JORDAN ROBERTSON BLOOMBERG NEWS This article was published February 13, 2017 at 1:51 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Of all the lasting effects of Edward Snowden's leaks, there's one photo that leaves a particularly strong mark. In it, U.S. federal employees in T-shirts and bluejeans are seen intercepting network equipment from Cisco Systems Inc. at a shipping facility. The feds in the photo, their faces obscured, were reprogramming the machines to spy on people's activities. The image captured a deeply held paranoia within Silicon Valley's biggest Internet companies: In an era of increasingly sophisticated nation-state hacking, how can users trust that network infrastructure isn't compromised before it's dropped off at the company loading docks? This fear has created a sense of urgency for Apple, Google, Facebook and other technology giants that have been devising their own alternatives to Cisco, which controls more than half of the market for network equipment. After the photo was published, Cisco filed a public complaint with the White House, arguing that spying by the National Security Agency was hurting U.S. companies. Cisco told Bloomberg it doesn't work with governments on backdoors for its products and maintains tight checks on its processes and supply chain to assure customers of their security. While Cisco's dominance isn't in danger of slipping any time soon, the industry's creeping concerns over cybersecurity have created an opening for new businesses and equipment-design divisions inside large companies. In the three years since the Snowden leaks, networking software and equipment startups raised $6.35 billion, a 47 percent increase over the prior three years, according to researcher CB Insights. "We've lost confidence in the vendors in the wake of the Snowden revelations, and that is a weakness and an opportunity," said John Kindervag, a vice president at market analysis firm Forrester Research. One company that's benefiting is SnapRoute Inc., which was founded by a former manager of Apple's global data center network. The startup makes a cheaper, simpler network switch than the ones Cisco sells. And unlike most switches, it's open-source, allowing customers to look for bugs, performance glitches or backdoors that might allow a government to peek inside. Facebook is also a founding member of the Open Compute Project, which develops and shares open-source data center designs. It launched the project in 2011 after revealing details about a data center it built in Prineville, Ore., using only Facebook-designed servers, power supplies and backup systems. Google, Apple, Goldman Sachs and Microsoft are now members. So is Cisco. It's playing along with a potential competitor because Cisco Chief Executive Officer Chuck Robbins has said the company needs to be "part of every technology discussion that our customers want to have." The high cost of traditional networking products was the main reason for Amazon.com's investment into creating its own equipment. "It was cost that caused us to head down our own path," James Hamilton, vice president and distinguished hardware engineer for Amazon Web Services, said at a conference in November. "Networking gear is really expensive." By 2020, spending on open-source and self-built switches and other network technologies will account for at least 20 percent of the global data center market, up from less than 2 percent last year, according to researcher Gartner Inc. Big Switch Networks, Cumulus Networks, Pluribus Networks and SnapRoute are among the companies cultivating a niche that's putting pressure on leaders Cisco and Juniper Networks and their proprietary code, said Naresh Singh, an analyst at Gartner. The giants are already under pressure from software-based networking alternatives like SnapRoute's, and the adoption of open-source tools from mega users, such as Facebook and Goldman Sachs, poses an even bigger threat to their businesses, Singh said. Cisco said some companies balk at using open-source network equipment, citing maintenance "complexity and hidden costs." SnapRoute founder Jason Forrester said the idea for his company came from a key discovery he and his colleagues at Apple made when they began designing their own networking software and switches. Forrester (no relation to the market research firm) left Apple in 2015 but declined to talk in detail about his work there. "Switching wasn't as hard as Cisco and others led customers to believe," he said at SnapRoute's offices in an industrial part of Palo Alto, Calif., located 10 miles from Apple's campus. Switches from SnapRoute are $30,000 to $40,000 cheaper than comparable brand-name models, Forrester said. And whereas switches from Cisco and other big suppliers can have tens of millions of lines of code, SnapRoute's has just 22,000, he said. This means fewer features, so SnapRoute may not be an attractive option for some companies. But the simpler code makes it easier for customers to sift through it in search of hidden spying devices. SundayMonday Business on 02/13/2017 Print Headline: Cyberspies force firms to tailor networks Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business China aims for share of precision medicine Web browser options show difference between o... VW invests in digital autobahn $10B chip plant highlights China's industry m... Cyberspies force firms to tailor networks Amazon confesses selling to Iranians Bankruptcy watch Business news in brief U.S. Tennis apologizes for playing Nazi-era a... More Business stories > Comments on: Cyberspies force firms to tailor networks To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented BRUMMETT ONLINE: The adults in the room (35 comments) 2 Arkansas senators file framework for 'bathroom bill' (27 comments) Trump was told in January that Flynn misled Pence, White House says (45 comments) Trump slams intelligence officials, media over Flynn and Russia (11 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Beyond even Trump (37 comments) Trump knew Flynn deceit 2 weeks ago (17 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Submits Third Model of Mystery 'Wireless Device' With Bluetooth and NFC to FCC Sunday February 12, 2017 10:32 pm PST by Joe Rossignol Apple recently submitted an unnamed "Wireless Device" to the FCC, a U.S. government agency that regulates communications, for the third time. The latest filing lists a model number of A1845, slotting in between A1844 in the first filing and A1846 in the second, but there are no new clues as to what the device could be. Apple again requested permanent confidentiality for most of the documents in the filing, including photos, user manuals, and schematics, so the entry largely remains a mystery. Test reports completed by UL Verification Services reveal that, just like in the first two filings, the device has Bluetooth LE and NFC. The model numbers A1844, A1845, and A1846 do not correspond to any existing Apple products. A regulatory label in the first filing showed the device has at least two slightly curved edges and two Torx screws, but Apple cropped the image in the second and third filings, likely to give fewer hints about its design. When the original "Wireless Device" was uncovered, there was some speculation that it could perhaps be a new Apple TV, but the prominent and lengthy regulatory text etched directly on the device, including a wiring guide, would be uncharacteristic of Apple to include on the exterior of a consumer-facing product. The more likely explanation is that the wireless device is for internal use. It is possible that the device in question is something that is used in retail Apple stores, such as a product display unit or iBeacon-based equipment used to communicate with customer iOS devices, which Apple has filed with the FCC in the past. The FCC filing could remain a mystery until the device is released, and we may not ever know if it does end up being a product for internal use. But it's fun to speculate, with predictions ranging from Apple's rumored Siri-enabled speaker to a smart thermostat given the RS-485 control signals listed. Tag: FCC [ 58 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Recognition 3 days ago at 11:36 pm My guess: Contactless swipe reader for doors at the new Apple campus. Bluetooth beacon for location alerts on your iPhone/watch, NFC and Touch ID to gain entry. The majority of modern offices have swipe cards for its employees. Seems silly for Apple to use another companies solution when they are half-way there with there own products already! Rating: 13 Votes jkool 3 days ago at 12:45 am The device is clearly a pipeline and there are exciting things in it. On second thought, it could also be a roadmap. Rating: 10 Votes miniroll32 3 days ago at 12:06 am I don't know what it is, but I do know I'm ready to get my order in now. I'm sure this is going to be an incredible product, whatever it is. lol, wut? Rating: 9 Votes jdillings 3 days ago at 12:04 am Wireless dongle holder Rating: 9 Votes iansilv 3 days ago at 10:35 pm Wireless charging device with Energous tech? Rating: 6 Votes dumastudetto 3 days ago at 11:44 pm I don't know what it is, but I do know I'm ready to get my order in now. I'm sure this is going to be an incredible product, whatever it is. Rating: 5 Votes Jsameds 3 days ago at 02:01 am I can't wait to get my own portable Apple Campus 2 SE! I had one of these when I was a kid :cool: Rating: 4 Votes ryanwarsaw 3 days ago at 11:58 pm It does seem a lot like a smart thermostat. Wireless rectal thermometer. Rating: 4 Votes Crzyrio 3 days ago at 10:54 pm This is quiet interesting. 700mA rules out any kinds of charging system or anything with ever a remotely powerful CPU. RS485, usually refers to Serial communication. It seems like a dumb device. Only possible consumer facing device I would see this as is some sort of home automation device. More farfetched ideas could be a step into automotive. Rating: 2 Votes MH01 3 days ago at 10:42 pm At least something new.... even if we will never see it potentially. Was hoping for a new airport. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Ticketmaster App Updated With Apple Music Integration to Track Concerts 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Ticketmaster today updated its iOS app with Apple Music integration, allowing users to easily track upcoming concerts they might be interested in. The update makes Ticketmaster one of the few apps to... 4 comments Huawei Developing New Voice Assistant to Take On Siri 12 hours ago on iOS Blog Huawei, currently the world's third largest smartphone manufacturer, is planning on developing its own voice assistant to compete with Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Alphabet's... 30 comments TwIM is a New App for Communicating via Twitter Direct Message 13 hours ago on iOS Blog TwIM, released today, is a new app that turns Twitter's Direct Messages function into a dedicated chat app, ignoring all other Twitter features for a clean, simple DM chat experience. ... 11 comments Minecraft Player Spends 232 Hours Building Apple Campus 2 15 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple's spaceship-shaped campus in Cupertino, California has been under construction for several years and is one of the most expensive, ambitious buildings in the United States. While Apple... 38 comments iMessage Not Working for Some Users 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Many iPhone and iPad users appear to be experiencing issues with Apple's iMessage service, which seems to be down for some people. Those who are having problems are unable to send iMessages and... 30 comments 'Pokémon Go' Gaining 80 New Pokémon Later This Week 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Starting later this week, popular augmented reality game Pokémon Go will gain tons of new content in the form of 80 new Pokémon that are being introduced to the game. The Pokémon come from the... 24 comments Apple's 'Arrogance' Impedes Major Acquisitions as Analysts Look to Potential Targets in Online Video 17 hours ago on Mac Blog In an in-depth new look at Apple's merger and acquisitions tactics published today by Bloomberg, Apple's "arrogant" culture of deal negotiations is put on display. According to... 78 comments Apple Begins Selling D-Link's HomeKit-Enabled 'Omna' HD Camera With 180º Lens 19 hours ago on iOS Blog D-Link today announced that its new Omna 180 Cam HD Camera, unveiled at CES 2017 last month, is now available to purchase at Apple.com for $199.95. The cylindrical Omna 180 Cam HD... 24 comments • Apple in 'Early Stages' of Discussions for Apple Pay in South Korea, Android Pay Likely to Launch First (7) • AppGratis Shuts Down (12) • Jaguar and Shell Partnership Lets UK Drivers Use Apple Pay to Pay for Fuel Inside Car (22) • Microsoft Follows Apple By Hiking Price of Surface Book Laptops in the U.K. (41) • Amazon's Alexa Gets Expanded Calendar Support and Tap Speaker Hands-Free Mode (15) • Elgato Eve 2.6 Update Enhances Lighting Control and HomeKit-Enabled Hardware Support (2) • Signal Privacy Messenger Users Advised to Turn Off CallKit Support in Latest Update (9)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Hidden Folks', 'Digby Forever', 'Slayaway Camp', 'Gunman Taco Truck', 'Mildly Interesting RTS', 'Causality', 'Evergrow', 'Mascot Dunks' and More Auto-Running Platformer 'Scrap' Needs Beta Testers The Highly-Entertaining 'Motorsport Manager' Is Currently Free 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Is Bringing 'Blood Magic' This Week 'Clash Royale' Draft Challenge Returns Tomorrow 'Solforge' Rises From the Dead, at Least For Now AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Apple iPhone 8 to have wireless charging Apple iPhone 8 to have wireless charging Apple's upcoming iPhone is set to come with wireless charging which will enable users to charge the phone without plugging it in. Updated: February 13, 2017 12:23 pm Apple is also planning to introduce a new connector type for accessories for the iPhone, iPad and other devices through its official MFi licensing programme. ( Image for represenation, Source: Press photo) Apple’s upcoming iPhone is set to come with wireless charging which will enable users to charge the phone without having to plug it in. Watch all our videos from Express Technology “Apple will sell separate wireless chargers made by Luxshare, the Chinese company behind the inductive charging in the Apple Watch,” Forbes.com reported on Sunday. Apple is also planning to introduce a new connector type for accessories for the iPhone, iPad and other devices through its official Made-for-iPhone (MFi) licensing programme. Called ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ (UAC), the eight-pin connector is slightly less thick than USB-C and near half as wide as both USB-C and Lightning.Apple will allow accessory manufacturers to make Lightning to UAC, USB-A to UAC, and 3.5mm headset jacks to UAC cables which will allow headphones with an UAC port to connect to various Apple devices. Also Read: Apple iPhone 5s cashback offer of Rs 6000 for Valentine’s Day: Worth it? Apple’s next generation iPhone 8 is rumoured to sport a bold new design and would feature an OLED display without a bezel.”The iPhone 8 won’t be able to buck a trend that’s seeing customers increasingly choose older devices, like the iPhone 6s, instead of newer handsets, like the iPhone 7,” Fortune quoted Barclays analyst Mark Moskowitz as saying earlier this year. Apple has some opportunities to significantly grow in the coming years by investing in India and expanding its services business which includes Apple Music, added Moskowitz. Tags: Apple iPhone 8 Election 2017 Live updates: PM Modi to address rallies at Hardoi, Barabanki today Uttar Pradesh elections: For Aparna Yadav, Netaji and Congress come together Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections 2017: Campaign and contrast Best of Express Tamil Nadu crisis LIVE updates: Palanisami gets invite to form govt, Panneerselvam camp to move EC EntertainmentPhillauri song Dum Dum: Anushka Sharma, Diljit Dosanjh song celebrates innocent love, watch video EntertainmentKareena, Saif's son Taimur rings in Randhir's 70th birthday. See inside pics EntertainmentShruti Haasan is dating a London-based actor. Everything you want to know, see pics EntertainmentAnushka Sharma, Virat Kohli fans, their new selfies will make you drop a beat. See pics Must Read SportsIndian theme before Indian team SportsThe rise and rise of Bangladesh cricket SportsIPL 2017 Complete fixtures, schedule and time in IST TechnologyMoto G5, Moto G5 Plus full specs revealed ahead of MWC launch TechnologyApple patent reveals fingerprint scanner built inside iPhone display TechnologyNASA: January 2017 third warmest on record LifestyleDeepika Padukone sets New York Fashion Week ablaze in a Michael Kors Feb 16: Latest News Run-off election for Jakarta governor may heighten tensions Keith Sequeira, Rochelle Rao not part of Nach Baliye 8. Here’s how Keith is making his TV comeback Sufi music remains unchallenged: Singer Kailash Kher Watch: ISRO releases stunning ‘selfie’ footage of what happened after PSLV-C37 rocket launch Shruti Haasan is dating a London-based actor, everything you want to know about him. See pics                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone X Features: Do Wireless Charging, OLED Display, 10nm Processor Justify Expected $1000 Pricing? By Rishabh Jain On 02/13/17 AT 1:05 AM Close Apple’s 10th-anniversary device is expected to be called the iPhone X and priced more than $1,000, which is more than the price of the iPhone 7 Plus 256GB model, currently the most expensive iPhone in the market. Even the upcoming phone’s biggest rival, the Samsung Galaxy S8, is expected to be priced lower at $899. The rumored pricing emerged last Wednesday and seems to confirm suspicions that Apple is indeed working on an ultra-premium device to commemorate 10 years of the iPhone. The rumor seems in line with Apple’s identity as a company and its approach to the iPhone, which has been to never create a me-too device. Rather, it has always given its devices premium pricing and an OS which still remains very different from the mass-market Android. In the past 10 years, Apple’s has retained a big chunk of the U.S. smartphone market and despite coming out with just one phone per year, has given competition to the likes of Samsung and LG, which produce numerous devices every year. But still, would Apple be able to woo consumers to invest $1,000 in its newest device? Here are five rumored features of the device which, if present, may go some way in justifying its exorbitant price tag. Edge-to-Edge OLED display The entire front of the device is expected to be covered by the display, making the device look something like a ‘black monolith’ according to Fastcompany. There might be no visual interruptions to the design — no bezels — as Apple is expected to ditch its signature home button and even the speaker is expected to be built into the display. The display alone makes the device premium and highly differentiated from previous iPhones and other phones in the market. Touch Sensitive buttons Design language seems the priority for Apple since the device is expected to come with no physical buttons at all — the Touch ID fingerprint sensor is expected to be embedded into the display, while the volume rocker, the power button and Apple’s proprietary mute switch are expected to be built inside the body and work using the iPhone 7’s 3D touch pressure-sensing technology. Sapphire crystal screen A sapphire crystal iPhone screen rumor has been around since iPhone 6. The biggest advantage of sapphire is that it is scratch resistant, which is an important feature for touch screen devices that get scratched and damaged due to regular wear and tear. The company is expected to endow the iPhone X with this long-awaited feature. 10nm Processor Related Stories Future Apple iPhones and iPads Could Have Stretchy Displays, Patent Shows iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple's 10th Anniversary iPhone May Cost More Than $1K Apple is expected to employ 10nm processor technology in designing the iPhone X’s A11 processor. Compared to the 14nm based A10 processor, the next-generation processor is expected provide better performance and a longer lasting battery, something most iPhone users desire. Wireless charging Apple is expected to finally get in-step with the competition and endow the iPhone X with wireless charging — a feature Samsung started offering two years ago with its S6 device. To accommodate the feature, the company is expected to go for a forged steel frame in iPhone X instead of its traditional aluminum frame. According to Macotakara, the wireless chargers for the device are expected to be made by the Chinese company Luxshare, which also worked on inductive charging in the Apple Watch. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology 5 Smartphone Trends For 2017 The technology is expected to go through major hardware innovations this year. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National Restaurants Show Solidarity With ‘Day Without Immigrants’ The grassroots campaign against President Donald Trump's policies has called on foreign-born people in the country to not work or spend money to demonstrate their importance. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting Cars RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... ‘Mexican standoff’ Yarra Council worker in standoff over illegally parked work vehicle Toll rise Linfox looks to suburban streets to avoid CityLink’s truck toll Anti-clotting Clot-busting drug to treat stroke destroys fatal blockages CFA dispute CFA dispute: Premier’s department head unaware of concerns about UFU boss, inquiry told Coroner’s Court Coronial inquest hears Gavin Perry missed parole meetings, had drug habit Emerging technology Victorian mission for driverless cars goes global with Boroondara councillor Steve Hurd ‘Could’ve helped’ Melbourne mum who lost son to heroin overdose supports Victorian safe injection room trial Season trends Jennifer Hawkins set to wow Myer autumn fashion launch at University of Melbourne Courtroom confession Rocco Arico’s brother-in-law tries to take the fall for him during County Court trial Extraordinary hearing Judge Lex Lasry calls for Bourke St rampage case update We ain’t lion Three new lions for Melbourne Zoo Star demands Did Axl Rose demand police escort to Melbourne concert? Disruptions expected Upgrades for Cranbourne-Pakenham train line Law and Order Teen boy charged after brutal schoolyard fight in Wodonga Majak Daw North Melbourne AFL player Majak Daw speaks about youth crime crisis Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Best Odds Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
Login All Reviews Editorials News Facebook Says Auto-playing Audio is Just What You Want Iconfactory Plans to Rebuild Twitterrific for Mac with Kickstarter Campaign Eddy Cue Says Video is a Big Part of Apple Music's Future Tips What's With the Status Icons At the Top of My Apple Watch? macOS: Printing Specific Calendar Events Podcasts Mac Users Can Expect More Malware and TV Shows Are Good for Apple Music - ACM 398 Right to Repair Laws, Apple Design Critics - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-15 View All Results → Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short View All Reviews → Setapp: Like Netflix for Mac Apps Who's More Intelligent, Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa? Russians Who Hacked DNC Now Targeting Macs Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Commercials to Highlight Portrait Camera Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays View All Editorials → Apple Music Trailer for Carpool Karaoke with Will Smith, Metallica, Ariana Grande, More Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Feb 12th, 2017 10:01 PM EST | Cool Stuff Found Apple has pushed the first trailer for Carpool Karaoke, the spinoff series being produced for Apple Music by James Corden and CBS. It features, “James Corden, Will Smith, Billy Eichner, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Chelsea Handler, Blake Shelton, Michael Strahan, John Cena, Shaquille O’Neal, and many more.” It’s super fun, and builds a song with short samples from many episodes of the first season. Carpool Karaoke has been a huge hit for James Corden and The Late Late Show, and news broke late in 2016 that it would be spun off as a standalone show for Apple Music. My guess—especially after seeing this trailer—is that it’s going to be a huge hit for Apple Music, too. Check It Out: Apple Music Trailer for Carpool Karaoke with Will Smith, Metallica, Ariana Grande, More Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Alicia Keys, Apple, Apple Music, Ariana Grande, Blake Shelton, Carpool Karaoke, James Corden, John Legend, Metallica, Seth MacFarlane, Will Smith Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Setapp: Like Netflix for Mac Apps Bob LeVitus | February 15, 2017 Who's More Intelligent, Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa? Jeff Butts | February 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $135.51 +0.49 (0.36%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Facebook Says Auto-playing Audio is Just What You Want Iconfactory Plans to Rebuild Twitterrific for Mac with Kickstarter Campaign Eddy Cue Says Video is a Big Part of Apple Music's Future iPhone 8 to Get Bigger Battery, Ditch Included Headphone Jack Adapter Prince Joins Apple Music, Ends Tidal-only Streaming Recent Tips See All » What's With the Status Icons At the Top of My Apple Watch? macOS: Printing Specific Calendar Events iOS: Easily Print To PDF Emails In Apple Mail Tip: Stop Surveillance By Smart TVs from Vizio, Samsung, and LG Make Your iPhone Night Photography Stellar With These Tips Recent Editorials See All » Setapp: Like Netflix for Mac Apps Who's More Intelligent, Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa? Russians Who Hacked DNC Now Targeting Macs Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Commercials to Highlight Portrait Camera Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays 11149 Bryan Chaffin cool-stuff-found 0 1486936885 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
中文 Contact Sitemap Micro-blog Wechat About Us Brief IntroductionCAS Intro VideoFrom the PresidentAdministrationAnnual Reports CAS Institutes Guide to CASResearch InstitutesUniversities & Supporting OrganizationsOther Units & CAS Holding CompaniesOverseas InstitutionsManagement Organizations Newsroom HeadlineNews UpdatesResearch NewsMultimedia NewsResearch in China Research Facts and FiguresKey LaboratoriesBig Science FacilityScientific Database Scientists CAS Members CAS Researchers International Cooperation AwardsInternational ConferencesOur PartnersFellowships Publications MultidisciplinaryEarth SciencesMathematics, Physics and ChemistryLife Sciences and BiotechnologyTechnological SciencesEnvironment Resources LibraryMultimediaPopular ScienceArchive Join Us Career OpportunitiesStudy at CAS /   Home   /   Newsroom   /   Research News Researcher Reveals Characteristics of Vc Accumulation in Apple Feb 13, 2017     Email"> PrintText Size Ascorbic acid (AsA), also known as vitamin C, is an essential nutrient for human beings due to its great role in a number of physiological functions. However, humans are unable to synthesize ASA, but only take it in from food, especially fruits and vegetables.   Apple, one of the most widely consumed fruits worldwide, provides a good source of AsA for human beings, in turn, the AsA also  appears to be associated with the improvement of shelf life in apple.   Therefore, enhancing the nutritional value of fruit by increasing AsA content is also becoming a desired goal in apple breeding programmes, however, there are no reports on the evaluation of fruit AsA content in apple germplasm.  A research team led by Prof. HAN Yuepeng from Wuhan Botanical Garden of the Chinese Academy of Sciences investigated AsA content in mature fruits of 457 apple accessions (428 cultivars worldwide and 29 wild relatives) and analyzed the AsA concentration difference between the cultivated and wild apples.   There was a great variation in fruit AsA concentration among apple germplasm. Wild fruits contained higher level of AsA and greater variation in AsA concentration than cultivated ones, making the wild Malus species useful sources of genes that could be utilized for genetic improvement of fruit AsA content in apple breeding programmes in the future.  Fruit AsA content was positively correlated with malic acid content, but negatively correlated with fruit weight and soluble solid content. The difference of AsA content between the wild and cultivated fruits could be attributed to an indirect consequence of human selection for larger fruit size, less acidity, and increased sweetness during apple domestication. AsA concentration was extremely high in fruit at the juvenile stage, but dramatically decreased at the expanding and mature stages.   The results have been published in Food Chemistry entitled “Variation of ascorbic acid concentration in fruits of cultivated and wild apples”. It was supported by grants from the National Natural Science Foundation of China.     Range and distribution of AsA content in cultivated and wild fruits of apple (Image by HAN’s group)    Changes in the AsA content in fruits of different cultivars of apple during fruit development (Image by HAN’s group)    Attachment： (Editor: ZHANG Nannan) Contact Yuepeng Han Wuhan Botanical Garden Phone: E-mail: phan@wbgcas.cn Reference Variation of ascorbic acid concentration in fruits of cultivated and wild apples Variation of ascorbic acid concentration in fruits of cultivated and wild apples Related Articles Chinese Documentary on the Origin of Apples Sep 30, 2016 A documentary broadcast Monday traces the origins of the humble apple to northwestern Xinjiang, quashing the popularly-held Chinese belief that they were introduced to the country from the West. The documentary, "Saving the gene pool," draws on a multitude of scientific e... Genes Encoding Leucoanthocyanidin Reductase Involved in Proanthocyanidin Biosynthesis Investigated in Apple May 05, 2015 Under the supervision of Prof. HAN Yuepeng from Wuhan Botanical Garden, assistant Prof. LIAO Liao investigated the relationship between the PA biosynthesis and the expression of genes encoding leucoanthocyanidin reductase (LAR) and anthocyanidin reductase (ANR) in fruit s... Save Genes for the Future Sep 30, 2016 Recent survey reveals that the wild fruit forest in the Tianshan Mountains owns 58 wild fruit species, and Malus sieversii is the major species, with as many as 84 varieties. This is a natural gene pool rarely seen in the world and may provide future possibilities for the... Chinese Documentary on the Origin of Apples Sep 30, 2016 A documentary broadcast Monday traces the origins of the humble apple to northwestern Xinjiang, quashing the popularly-held Chinese belief that they were introduced to the country from the West. The documentary, "Saving the gene pool," draws on a multitude of scientific e... Genes Encoding Leucoanthocyanidin Reductase Involved in Proanthocyanidin Biosynthesis Investigated in Apple May 05, 2015 Under the supervision of Prof. HAN Yuepeng from Wuhan Botanical Garden, assistant Prof. LIAO Liao investigated the relationship between the PA biosynthesis and the expression of genes encoding leucoanthocyanidin reductase (LAR) and anthocyanidin reductase (ANR) in fruit s... Contact Us 86-10-68597521 (day) 86-10-68597289 (night) 86-10-68511095 (day) 86-10-68512458 (night) cas_en@cas.cn 52 Sanlihe Rd., Beijing, China (100864) Copyright © 2002 - 2017 Chinese Academy of Sciences
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Aussie banks give ground in Apple Pay stoush Aussie banks give ground in Apple Pay stoush Negotiation will now be in relation to NFC access alone Hafizah Osman (ARN) 13 February, 2017 11:34 - - - - print email Comments The Aussie banks butting heads with Apple over its Apple Pay platform have narrowed their request to the Australian competition watchdog for authorisation to collectively negotiate with the tech giant. In their latest submission to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC), the banks revealed they had removed the request for collective negotiation on the potential to pass-through the fees Apple intends to impose on the payment system to their customers in Australia. The four banks making the application, Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac, have backed down, limiting their requested collective negotiation authorisation to Near Field Communication (NFC) access alone, and minimising the authorisation term to 18 months – half the original term sought. The banks have applied to the ACCC for permission to jointly negotiate access to Apple Pay and NFC function on iPhones, saying that it’s now not about Apple’s fees but rather, its access to its NFC technology. This follows a statement from the banks, on February 7, which said that, “Apple's statement that the application is fundamentally about an objection to the fees that Apple wish to be given rather than NFC access, is incorrect and unsupported”. In its submission, Apple suggested that the attempt by local banks to collectively negotiate on Apple Pay terms could be viewed as a “Trojan Horse” ploy used to normalise the public’s acceptance of new mobile payment fees. The applicant banks have since flatly rejected Apple's “unsupported assertions” and have claimed Apple’s “conspiracy theories” about “Trojan horse fees” are a fantasy. The ACCC then raised these concerns in its draft determination, following which the banks decided to remove from consideration items the ACCC considered may lead to a public detriment. The debacle has been ongoing since 27 July last year, where these banks asked from ACCC permission to collectively gang up against Apple Pay, fuelled by the fear of missing out on interchange fees as more people begin to pay by tapping their iPhone instead of their bank card. Read more Govt introduces new “Google tax” laws “The applicants are ready, willing, and able to participate in Apple Pay, alongside being able to offer their customers their own mobile wallet products,” payments specialist and spokesperson on behalf of the applicants, Lance Blockley, said. “This application has always been about consumer choice, and allowing competition between the makers of mobile wallets to offer the best products and features they can to determine which mobile wallet consumers will use. The applicants want to put up their digital offerings head to head with Apple Pay, and let the market and individual consumers decide which best suits their needs,” he said. According to Blockley, the application seeks permission to jointly negotiate with Apple and is not an attempt to delay Apple Pay from entering the Australian market. “The applicants expect that Apple Pay would be offered to their customers alongside open access to the NFC function. Any delay or frustration will be as a result of Apple refusing to negotiate. Read more Aussie banks shoot down Apple’s fee fears “Apple is not a bank or a credit card scheme, and Apple cannot on their own complete a mobile payment. Nor are the applicants manufacturers of mobile phones – both parties need each other to bring strong mobile payment offerings to the market,” Blockley added. Last week, a report by Reuters stated that Macquarie Group and ING Direct would start using Apple Inc's mobile payment service in Australia this month, joining the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, which was the only one of the major banks to not call for cartel authorisation and adopt the Apple Pay system. The ACCC is yet to determine its final decision. Read more: Apple attacks Aussie banks over “Trojan Horse” manoeuvre 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags ApplebanksApple Pay More about AppleAustralian Competition and Consumer CommissionCommonwealth BankCommonwealth Bank of AustraliaING DirectLanceNational Australia BankNearNFCWestpac Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Delivering Quality of Service with Pillar Axiom 600 Latest Jobs Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Project Manager to manage two concurrent Projects QLD Senior Business Analyst NSW Business Analyst NSW Technical Business Analyst VIC Project Manager - SAP QLD Deployment Engineer SA ServiceNOW Developer NSW Business/Process Analyst QLD Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Humans playing big role in data breaches: report Updated: GHD boosts global business network, links 50 new remote sites ​Will ransomware attackers target critical infrastructure next? CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Yahoo warns users of account breaches related to recent attacks Computerworld South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Telstra registers profit drop in first half Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 ARN CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal New partners join Federal Govt's cloud services panel Digital growth drives $70M revenue for RXP Services “Intense” competition impacts Telstra’s financials Melbourne IT forks out for $67M Outware acquisition Techworld US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking 5G progress at Ericsson could help enterprises work worldwide A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 CMO CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 Toyota gets a new CMO following Brad Cramb's departure Telstra sees dip in NPS, financial results How digital transformation opened a new customer segment for Kennards Hire Tourism Australia CMO: Data is about gaining efficiency in marketing Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, February 16, 2017 As of 8:05 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple iPhone 8, 7S & 7S Plus leak, news & update: Wireless charging feature only in premium variant; Price may exceed $1,300 By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on February 13 2017 3:37 PM 0 0 0 0 An Apple iPhone 7 and the company logo are seen in this illustration picture taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017. Reuters/Regis Duvignau The Apple iPhone 8 is undoubtedly the most exciting, talked-about and controversial smartphones that will be released in 2017. New leaks and reports are in fact adding on to this massive hype. It was recently revealed that the Apple flagship will carry a price tag in excess of US$1,000 (AU$1,300 approx). It is still not known whether it is the starting price or an up to price. One reason for this high price is the next-gen iPhone’s functionality that will be more premium than thought. According to Forbes, Mac Otakara has reported that Apple iPhone 8 will be the only Apple smartphone in 2017 to incorporate wireless charging. This sounds contradictory as previous reports had stated that even the Apple iPhone 7S and 7S Plus, which are incremental upgrades to 2016’s iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, will also have the wireless charging feature. However, Apple may sell separate wireless chargers for the iPhone 7S and 7S Plus models. These will be made by Luxshare, a Chinese company. Moreover, the Apple iPhone 7S and 7S Plus will also not include the Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adaptor. Tech experts are yet to find out the reason for this but they are sure that this is Apple’s strategy to drive iPhone 8 sales. Some are also calling the 10th anniversary device iPhone X. Making only iPhone 8 wireless charging compatible, chances of its success will significantly increase, even if it has a starting price of US$1,000 (AU$1,300 approx). The top-end models are already close to the range. It is great to see Apple taking big risks again, something the company is known for. It is rumoured that the premium Apple iPhone 8 will have an edge-to-edge display alongside two standard versions. According to The Sun, Taiwan’s Foxconn Technology is making wireless modules. However, whether the technology is coming to the Apple iPhone depends on Foxconn’s ability to increase the yield rate to a satisfactory level. A US patent filed by Apple has revealed images of a charger similar to that used by the Apple Watch. MacRumors has reported that the Apple iPhone 8 will use a sheet of graphite to stop the phone from overheating when charging wirelessly. There are also rumours about a foldable Apple iPhone 8 as “sketches in the patent application show an iPhone with a fold down the middle of the screen, with carbon nanotubes giving strength to the structure.” If this turns out to be true, Apple may produce a tech marvel that will be something several years down the track. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related iPhone 8/X update: 10th anniversary iPhone won’t be cheap Apple iPhone 8 release date, news & update Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Bob Odenkirk reasons show’s late coming 0 Shares 2 'Better Call Saul' season 3: Gus Fring's modest return to the world of Jimmy McGill 0 Shares 3 Guns N’ Roses rock Melbourne, apologise over 'Hello Sydney!' mistake 0 Shares 4 LG G6 to settle with Snapdragon 821 chip 0 Shares 5 NBA Trade Deadline: Raptors, Clippers trying to acquire Danilo Gallinari from Nuggets 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Leaked pictures from South Africa set 0 Shares 7 ‘Peaky Blinders’ season 4 confirmed 0 Shares 8 Roger Federer reveals three keys to longevity, diet regimen, day-to-day schedule, eating habits 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Lothbrok brothers are ‘gonna be at each other’s throats’ 0 Shares 10 ‘The Walking Dead’ season 7, episode 9 spoilers: What to expect 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed NAB survey shows stronger Australia economy Woolworths and Microsoft assure faster online service Apple Inc. reaches AU$909 billion market value Iron ore prices witness surge to reach US$90 Etsy brings good news for creative entrpreneurs, DYIers CSL revenue approaches US$600 million More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Man's dead body found in Sydney factory Small 2.7-magnitude earthquake rattles Adelaide Australian man whose girlfriend died in jet-ski crash pleads guilty Killer clown sentenced to 6 months for terrorising pregnant British woman with axe Australian community destroyed by bushfire Ku Klux Klan leader's wife, stepson charged with murder More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Jeremy Lin injury update: Brooklyn Nets PG ready to return post All-Star break NBA Trade Deadline: Cavaliers interested in Lakers guard Lou Williams Raptors acquire Serge Ibaka from Magic for Terrence Ross and future draft pick Adam Voges retires from Tests with batting average of 61.87 Reggie Jackson trade: Pelicans, Magic and Timberwolves vying for Pistons point guard NBA Trade Deadline: Warriors could sign Larry Sanders, not looking for trades More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More More NES Classic Editions soon; ‘Fire Emblem Heroes’ available on iOS & Android Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6s: Camera comparison [VIDEO] 'The Last Of Us 2' is 'a story worthy of Joel and Ellie' 'Final Fantasy XV' director hints at PC compatibility 8Pack OrionX: The most expensive gaming PC Researchers call to end long work hours for Australians More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Justice League' cast updates: Laurence Fishburne ends speculations; explains why he won't be in the DC movie 'Wonder Woman' spoilers: Showrunners' Twitter activity sparks fan theories that Arnold Schwazenegger might join the cast soon Marvel gets fans in stitches in new 'Team Thor' spoof video, featuring roommate Darryl [Watch] 'General Hospital' spoilers for Feb. 16, 2017: Nina grows suspicious; Liz takes a stand; Kiki and Dillon reconnect 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' spoilers: New planet details 'Orphan Black' season 5 news: Tatiana Maslany and the clones return as final season gets a premiere date More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Entertainment Tech Watch the first trailer for Apple’s Carpool Karaoke: The Series New, 5 comments by Rich McCormick Feb 12, 2017, 11:05pm EST share tweet Linkedin Apple used tonight’s Grammy Awards to show the first teaser for Carpool Karaoke: The Series, featuring original host James Corden as well a host of celebrities including Will Smith, John Legend, and Arianna Grande. The series was slated to arrive on Apple Music this year, but the trailer doesn’t give an exact date, specifying only that it’s coming soon. The company ordered 16 episodes of the show last year, spinning the concept off from the wildly successful segment originally featured on the Late Late Show with James Corden. Corden appears in several scene in the trailer, shown singing along with Will Smith, but he won’t be hosting every episode of the Apple Music-bound show. Instead, each episode will feature a new host paired with another celebrity, joining odd couples like Shaquille O’Neal and John Cena, and Metallica and Billy Eichner. As the trailer shows, the action will also step outside of the car, taking music, movie, and sports stars into bakeries, laundromats, and basketball courts. Next Up In Culture Reddit overhauls its front page for new users and lurkers PlayStation Now game streaming to be discontinued on PS3, smart TVs, and more The problem with John Wick: Chapter 2’s worst action scenes The story behind John Wick: Chapter 2’s best action scenes Thieves steal $2.5 million worth of rare books by Newton, Da Vinci, Dante, and others The ‘Day Without a Woman’ general strike is set for March 8th Now Trending I've been doing Windows screenshots wrong this whole time Exclusive: The Caavo streaming box is built on game-changing machine vision for TV This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Google Mobile Huawei will have its own voice assistant in China by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Fresh off integrating Amazon's Alexa in the Huawei Mate 9, the world's third biggest smartphone manufacturer is now also working on crafting its own voice assistant, specifically tailored for China. A report from Bloomberg has illuminated some of... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Mobile Tech ZTE is coming out with a gigabit phone at Mobile World Congress by Rich McCormick It might not be time for proper 5G devices just yet, but ZTE is bringing us a step closer, announcing today that it will show off one of the first gigabit LTE smartphones at Mobile World Congress this month. Called — fittingly — the ZTE Gigabit... New, 2 comments Science Space Rocket Lab’s experimental rocket arrives at New Zealand launch pad for debut flight by Loren Grush@lorengrush After three years of developing a brand new rocket, aerospace startup Rocket Lab has finally transported a finished vehicle to the New Zealand launch pad where it will take its first flight. The rocket, called the Electron, has been tested on the... New, 2 comments Web Culture Reddit overhauls its front page for new users and lurkers by Rich McCormick Reddit — the self-described “front page of the internet” — has changed its front page. Rather than the top stories from 50 curated subreddits, visitors to the site will now see popular stories from across the site, on a new homepage the company... New, 3 comments Apple Tech Apple may replace the home button with a ‘function area’ on the next iPhone by Jordan Golson@jlgolson The next iPhone could see the elimination of the Home button and Touch ID sensor in favor of an edge-to-edge design and “virtual buttons” at the bottom of the screen. The rumors come from the well-sourced Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst for KGI, via M... New, 29 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity New bill would require cops to get warrants for Stingray cell tracking by Natt Garun@nattgarun A bipartisan group of House and Senate lawmakers today introduced a bill that would require US police agencies to obtain a warrant before deploying cell-site simulation surveillance devices known as “stingrays,” reports USA Today. Stingrays are... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE New 5.8-inch 'iPhone 8' to Feature 5.15-inch Display Region With 'Function Area' Below [Report] Apple Narrowly Beats Samsung in 4Q16 Smartphone Sales, BlackBerry Drops to 0% Market Share [Chart] Pioneer's New Lightning 'Rayz Plus' Earphones Let You Charge Your iPhone While You Listen [Video] Pokémon GO Update to Bring 80 New Pokémon [Video] T-Mobile Responds to Verizon Unlimited Data Plan With HD Video, 10GB Mobile Hotspot, 2 Lines for $100/Month Jaguar and Shell Announce In-Car Fuel Payment System With Apple Pay Support [Video] D-Link Omna 180 Camera With HomeKit Support Now Available to Purchase on Apple.com Elgato Eve App Gets Support for HomeKit Cameras, Fine Lighting Control, More Amazon Tap Gets Hands-Free Mode, Alexa Now Supports Outlook.com Calendars iPhone 8 to Feature Stacked Logic Board Making Space for Larger L-Shaped Battery Apple In Talks With BOE to Supply OLED Displays for the iPhone Apple Posts New Carnival Themed Ad for Portrait Mode on the iPhone 7 Plus [Video] Fox Releases 'Movie of the Day!' App for Apple TV Glass Chassis and Stainless Steel Frame Reiterated for 5.8-inch iPhone Facebook Officially Announces Upcoming Video App for Apple TV Amazon Announces 'Chime' Video Conferencing Service for iOS, Android, Mac, and Windows Apple Posts New Trailer for Upcoming 'Carpool Karaoke' Series on Apple Music [Video] Apple Joins Qi Wireless Power Consortium Ahead of iPhone 8 Apple Posts Trailer for Its Upcoming Series 'Planet of the Apps' [Video] Nest Announces Better Nest Cam Notifications, Automatic Door Detection Apple Posts Teaser for 'Carpool Karaoke: The Series' [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted February 13, 2017 at 4:05am by iClarified · 4962 views · Translate Apple has posted its first teaser for 'Carpool Karaoke: The Series' which is coming soon to Apple Music. Based on the segment that has become a global, viral video sensation on The Late Late Show with James Corden, the new CARPOOL KARAOKE series features 16 celebrity pairings riding along in a car together as they sing tunes from their personal playlists and surprise fans who don’t expect to see big stars belting out tunes one lane over. Apple's Carpool Karaoke features James Corden, Will Smith, Billy Eichner, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Chelsea Handler, Blake Shelton, Michael Strahan, John Cena, Shaquille O’Neal, and many more. The show is produced by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. James Corden and Ben Winston serve as co-creators and executive producers along with executive producer and showrunner Eric Pankowski Take a look at the teaser trailer below! Read More Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment Butterspider - February 14, 2017 at 2:24pm I think shower karaoke would get more followers .... just sayin.... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam rantanplan - February 13, 2017 at 12:30pm The uniqueness of the show had already dried up before Apple bought it. So good luck now... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam john jones - February 13, 2017 at 10:45am uummm that was crap! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Releases Trailer for 'Carpool Karaoke' Series Coming Soon to Apple Music Sunday February 12, 2017 7:07 pm PST by Joe Rossignol During the 59th Annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Apple released the first trailer for its Carpool Karaoke series coming soon to Apple Music. Carpool Karaoke: The Series, based on the popular segment from The Late Late Show with James Corden, will feature 16 celebrity pairings "riding along in a car together as they sing tunes from their personal playlists" and "surprise fans who don't expect to see big stars belting out tunes one lane over." Apple said the series will feature James Corden, Will Smith, Billy Eichner, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Chelsea Handler, Blake Shelton, Michael Strahan, John Cena, Shaquille O’Neal, and many more. The series is expected to have a different host every episode. Apple purchased the rights to Carpool Karaoke, produced by James Corden, Ben Winston, and Eric Pankowski, in July 2016 in an effort to drive users towards Apple Music. The series will consist of 16 half-hour episodes, and Apple's version will reportedly feature a format "that is more of an interview series." Tags: Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke [ 91 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Internet Enzyme 3 days ago at 07:15 pm Kill me Rating: 26 Votes aaronhead14 3 days ago at 07:29 pm For goodness sake, Tim, just update the Mac line already!!! Stop dipping your toes in crap that has nothing to do with your company! Rating: 20 Votes miniyou64 3 days ago at 09:08 pm So glad Apple stopped focusing on making great products so they could focus on making crappy web series Rating: 16 Votes UltimaKilo 3 days ago at 08:28 pm Good job Apple... Let's take a stupid segment from a late night show and develop it into a whole show. House of Cards, watch out! Rating: 8 Votes jdillings 3 days ago at 08:34 pm Apple picked this up way too late. Corden has already run the bit into the ground and people are tired of it. Rating: 7 Votes rizzo41999 3 days ago at 07:22 pm Yikes, that's too bad. Rating: 5 Votes Max Portakabin 3 days ago at 07:39 pm Even more horrific than imagined. On behalf of the UK, we apologise for James Corden (and Piers Morgan). Rating: 5 Votes Mlrollin91 3 days ago at 07:28 pm I'm looking forward to it. Looks fun! Rating: 5 Votes Larry-K 3 days ago at 09:12 pm Even more horrific than imagined. On behalf of the UK, we apologise for James Corden (and Piers Morgan).No apology is adequate for Piers Morgan. Rating: 4 Votes aaronhead14 3 days ago at 10:28 pm Dear aaronhead, Apple hasn't pulled the engineers from their labs and stuck them in a TV production studio. And as for toe dipping, if they didn't do that we wouldn't have iPhone. Just chill, the Macs are coming. No, but Tim is refocusing his vision of what Apple is altogether. There hasn't been an update to the Mac Pro in FOUR YEARS. They shouldn't be throwing money at dumb things like this until they've released updates to the core product line. Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Ticketmaster App Updated With Apple Music Integration to Track Concerts 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Ticketmaster today updated its iOS app with Apple Music integration, allowing users to easily track upcoming concerts they might be interested in. The update makes Ticketmaster one of the few apps to... 4 comments Huawei Developing New Voice Assistant to Take On Siri 12 hours ago on iOS Blog Huawei, currently the world's third largest smartphone manufacturer, is planning on developing its own voice assistant to compete with Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Alphabet's... 30 comments TwIM is a New App for Communicating via Twitter Direct Message 13 hours ago on iOS Blog TwIM, released today, is a new app that turns Twitter's Direct Messages function into a dedicated chat app, ignoring all other Twitter features for a clean, simple DM chat experience. ... 11 comments Minecraft Player Spends 232 Hours Building Apple Campus 2 15 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple's spaceship-shaped campus in Cupertino, California has been under construction for several years and is one of the most expensive, ambitious buildings in the United States. While Apple... 38 comments iMessage Not Working for Some Users 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Many iPhone and iPad users appear to be experiencing issues with Apple's iMessage service, which seems to be down for some people. Those who are having problems are unable to send iMessages and... 30 comments 'Pokémon Go' Gaining 80 New Pokémon Later This Week 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Starting later this week, popular augmented reality game Pokémon Go will gain tons of new content in the form of 80 new Pokémon that are being introduced to the game. The Pokémon come from the... 24 comments Apple's 'Arrogance' Impedes Major Acquisitions as Analysts Look to Potential Targets in Online Video 17 hours ago on Mac Blog In an in-depth new look at Apple's merger and acquisitions tactics published today by Bloomberg, Apple's "arrogant" culture of deal negotiations is put on display. According to... 78 comments Apple Begins Selling D-Link's HomeKit-Enabled 'Omna' HD Camera With 180º Lens 19 hours ago on iOS Blog D-Link today announced that its new Omna 180 Cam HD Camera, unveiled at CES 2017 last month, is now available to purchase at Apple.com for $199.95. The cylindrical Omna 180 Cam HD... 24 comments • Apple in 'Early Stages' of Discussions for Apple Pay in South Korea, Android Pay Likely to Launch First (7) • AppGratis Shuts Down (12) • Jaguar and Shell Partnership Lets UK Drivers Use Apple Pay to Pay for Fuel Inside Car (22) • Microsoft Follows Apple By Hiking Price of Surface Book Laptops in the U.K. (41) • Amazon's Alexa Gets Expanded Calendar Support and Tap Speaker Hands-Free Mode (15) • Elgato Eve 2.6 Update Enhances Lighting Control and HomeKit-Enabled Hardware Support (2) • Signal Privacy Messenger Users Advised to Turn Off CallKit Support in Latest Update (9)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Hidden Folks', 'Digby Forever', 'Slayaway Camp', 'Gunman Taco Truck', 'Mildly Interesting RTS', 'Causality', 'Evergrow', 'Mascot Dunks' and More Auto-Running Platformer 'Scrap' Needs Beta Testers The Highly-Entertaining 'Motorsport Manager' Is Currently Free 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Is Bringing 'Blood Magic' This Week 'Clash Royale' Draft Challenge Returns Tomorrow 'Solforge' Rises From the Dead, at Least For Now AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, February 16, 2017 As of 8:05 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Valentine’s gift ideas: The best tech gifts for him and for her By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on February 13 2017 2:41 PM 0 0 0 0 Roses are displayed in a flower shop in Vienna February 13, 2013. Reuters/Herwig Prammer Valentine’s Day is almost here. The pressure of picking the perfect gift for that special someone can really be a daunting task for some people, though. Here are some great tech gift ideas to ease the Valentine hassle. Valentine’s gift ideas for her A chic smartphone When it comes to mobile phones, Samsung and Apple are the two obvious choices and one can never go wrong with either. A 16 GB iPhone SE currently goes for $679 while a 256 GB iPhone 7 Plus carries a $1,569 price tag. Choose the model and storage that fit the budget and remember to go for a rose gold unit. If the special someone prefers Android over iOS, then a Samsung Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge will be perfect. The Galaxy S7 is available for $1,149 while the Galaxy S7 Edge is priced at $1,349. Samsung is also throwing in the Gear Fit 2 fitness wristband for free on all Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge purchases until March 2. A stylish smartwatch If she already has an iPhone or a Galaxy handset, then go for a smartwatch. A water-resistant Apple Watch Series 2 with built-in GPS starts at $399. For a more sophisticated approach, the $699 Samsung Gear S2 Classic Premium is ideal with its elegant leather band and slim stainless steel body. It can be charged wirelessly, too. A custom posh phone case Casetify offers a variety of shiny and glittery iPhone and Galaxy phone cases. If that’s not enough, custom-made cases are also offered. The company even does both ready-made and personalised MacBook sleeves, iPad covers, Apple Watch bands and Samsung Gear bands. Valentine’s gift ideas for him A VR (virtual reality) headset The HTC Vive is hands down the best and most advanced VR headset currently available. It’s also the most expensive with its $1,399 price tag. The HTC Vive has two primary wireless motion controllers and features two laser towers as positional trackers, but it needs a robust PC for it to run. For a more budget-friendly virtual experience, the Oculus Rift is the perfect choice. While it won’t be as immersive as the HTC Vive with its traditional controllers, the Oculus Rift is a capable midrange VR option for those with less space and less funds. It currently goes for $779. A rugged smartwatch Rugged looks and bold performance, that’s what the Samsung Gear S3 Frontier offers. The $599 smartwatch is packed with advanced features and can last for days without charging. For sports aficionados, the light, flexible and breathable Apple Watch Nike+ is the ultimate Valentine’s gift. At $529, it has features that go the distance including a built-in GPS that tracks pace, distance and route. A mini gaming PC A good mini gaming PC should be powerful enough to withstand the wear and tear of demanding games and resource-heavy apps, but it should also be small enough to occupy the least space possible. The Asus ROG GR8 II is the epitome of what a mini gaming PC should be. The Republic of Gamers calls it “the smallest VR-ready system money can buy,” and at $2,199, it’s a pretty good deal. RELATED STORIES: Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus may have same battery size as Note 7; Exploding smartphone's battery supplier catches fire Apple iPhone 8 / iPhone X projected price, features and upgrades: 10th anniversary iPhone won’t be cheap Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Volta V: The hardwood computer that’s fully customisable and upgradable 8Pack OrionX: The most expensive gaming PC Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Bob Odenkirk reasons show’s late coming 0 Shares 2 'Better Call Saul' season 3: Gus Fring's modest return to the world of Jimmy McGill 0 Shares 3 Guns N’ Roses rock Melbourne, apologise over 'Hello Sydney!' mistake 0 Shares 4 LG G6 to settle with Snapdragon 821 chip 0 Shares 5 NBA Trade Deadline: Raptors, Clippers trying to acquire Danilo Gallinari from Nuggets 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Leaked pictures from South Africa set 0 Shares 7 ‘Peaky Blinders’ season 4 confirmed 0 Shares 8 Roger Federer reveals three keys to longevity, diet regimen, day-to-day schedule, eating habits 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Lothbrok brothers are ‘gonna be at each other’s throats’ 0 Shares 10 ‘The Walking Dead’ season 7, episode 9 spoilers: What to expect 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed NAB survey shows stronger Australia economy Woolworths and Microsoft assure faster online service Apple Inc. reaches AU$909 billion market value Iron ore prices witness surge to reach US$90 Etsy brings good news for creative entrpreneurs, DYIers CSL revenue approaches US$600 million More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Man's dead body found in Sydney factory Small 2.7-magnitude earthquake rattles Adelaide Australian man whose girlfriend died in jet-ski crash pleads guilty Killer clown sentenced to 6 months for terrorising pregnant British woman with axe Australian community destroyed by bushfire Ku Klux Klan leader's wife, stepson charged with murder More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Jeremy Lin injury update: Brooklyn Nets PG ready to return post All-Star break NBA Trade Deadline: Cavaliers interested in Lakers guard Lou Williams Raptors acquire Serge Ibaka from Magic for Terrence Ross and future draft pick Adam Voges retires from Tests with batting average of 61.87 Reggie Jackson trade: Pelicans, Magic and Timberwolves vying for Pistons point guard NBA Trade Deadline: Warriors could sign Larry Sanders, not looking for trades More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More More NES Classic Editions soon; ‘Fire Emblem Heroes’ available on iOS & Android Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6s: Camera comparison [VIDEO] 'The Last Of Us 2' is 'a story worthy of Joel and Ellie' 'Final Fantasy XV' director hints at PC compatibility 8Pack OrionX: The most expensive gaming PC Researchers call to end long work hours for Australians More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Justice League' cast updates: Laurence Fishburne ends speculations; explains why he won't be in the DC movie 'Wonder Woman' spoilers: Showrunners' Twitter activity sparks fan theories that Arnold Schwazenegger might join the cast soon Marvel gets fans in stitches in new 'Team Thor' spoof video, featuring roommate Darryl [Watch] 'General Hospital' spoilers for Feb. 16, 2017: Nina grows suspicious; Liz takes a stand; Kiki and Dillon reconnect 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' spoilers: New planet details 'Orphan Black' season 5 news: Tatiana Maslany and the clones return as final season gets a premiere date More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Apple Pay Dispute About Tech Access, Not Fees, Aussie Banks Say Bloomberg Emily Cadman 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Drivers warned to stop looking at Northern Lights Kim's brother's autopsy completed as second woman arrested © Reuters The Apple logo is pictured on an iPhone in an illustration photo. (Bloomberg) -- A consortium of Australia’s biggest banks has abandoned its attempt to negotiate as a bloc with Apple Inc. over the cost of using its mobile payment system, narrowing its claim to focus solely on access to a key piece of iPhone technology. In their final submission to the competition regulator, the banks hit back at earlier claims by Apple that the dispute was fundamentally an attempt to “delay or even block” the expansion of Apple Pay into Australia. Apple’s “conspiracy theories” are “fantasy,” the banks said in an accompanying e-mailed statement Monday. The banks -- Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank Ltd., Westpac Banking Corp. and Bendigo & Adelaide Bank Ltd. -- are seeking permission from the regulator to negotiate together to boost their bargaining power with the U.S. tech giant. Having invested in their own payment technology, they fear being sidelined as mobile wallets gain in popularity. Apple is the worldwide leader in mobile in-store payments, although in the U.S it has been facing increasing competition. By dropping their bid to negotiate together on fees and focusing solely on technological access, the banks are seeking to put the regulator’s focus onto Apple’s restrictions and tip the decision their way. In a draft ruling in December, the Australian Competition & Consumer Commission refused permission for the banks to negotiate collectively, but said the decision was “finely balanced.” In their filing to the ACCC, the banks said they all pledged to participate in the roll-out of Apple Pay in Australia in return for being granted access to the iPhone’s near-field communications antenna -- the technology that makes payments on contactless readers possible. “Without open NFC access on iPhone, no genuine competition in the provision of mobile wallets is possible and Apple will have a stranglehold on this strategically important future market,” the banks said in their statement. Retailers’ Support In a separate submission supporting the banks, the Australian Retailers Association said the opportunity to negotiate collectively would benefit “all banks, merchants, app developers and ultimately customers in Australia and overseas.” Google’s rival Android operating system allows third-party apps to access NFC technology. Apple has restricted access to its own apps and says giving others access would undermine the security and usability of the system. Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. isn’t a party to the action, having decided in April to accept Apple Pay. The regulator is expected to hand down its final decision in late March. To contact the reporter on this story: Emily Cadman in Sydney at ecadman2@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Marcus Wright at mwright115@bloomberg.net, Peter Vercoe, Russell Ward ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Computerworld Apple Pay stoush: Banks focus efforts on getting iPhone NFC access News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Apple Pay stoush: Banks focus efforts on getting iPhone NFC access Banks drop push to pass on Apple Pay fees Rohan Pearce (Computerworld) 13 February, 2017 10:13 - - - - print email Comments A group of banks that have sought the right to act as a cartel in negotiations with Apple over the iPhone maker’s Apple Pay platform have narrowed the scope of their application to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC). The Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, Westpac, and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank in mid-2016 lodged an application with the ACCC to engage in collective negotiations with, and potentially boycott, Apple. Of Australia’s Big Four, currently only ANZ supports Apple Pay. The banks initially said that there were three key areas where they wanted to collectively bargain: The right to pass on Apple Pay fees to consumers, security standards, and access to the Near Field Communication (NFC) radio of the iPhone. In November, the ACCC issued a draft decision that rejected the banks’ application. In a new submission to the competition regulator, the banks have modified the issues that they are seeking the right to band together on. The banks now say that that they are seeking only to negotiate over NFC access. NFC is commonly used as a means of contactless payment for smartphones. However, Apple restricts the use of NFC-based payments on the iPhone to Apple Pay. On Google’s Android mobile platform, open access to NFC capabilities allow the banks to integrate NFC-based contactless payments directly into their own apps. “NFC access is required to enable real choice and real competition for consumers, and to facilitate innovation and investment in the digital wallets available to Australians,” the banks say in their latest submission (PDF). “All customers benefit from real competition.” “The [ACCC’s] Draft Determination acknowledges that without NFC access, Apple Pay would remain the only NFC mobile payment service that can be used on Apple devices,” the submission states. Read more Open data demands a double-edged sword for fintechs, ANZ says “Despite this, it appears that the Draft Determination fails to take into account the public benefit that would result from an increase in competition in mobile payment services.” “Open access to the NFC function, as occurs on the world’s most popular and widely installed mobile operating system Android, is important not just to the applicants and mobile payments, but to a range of NFC-powered functions across many sectors and uses,” a spokesperson for applicants, Lance Blockley, said in a statement. “This has global implications for the use of NFC on smartphones. “The application seeks permission to jointly negotiate with Apple; this is not an attempt to delay Apple Pay from entering the Australian market.The applicants expect that Apple Pay would be offered to their customers alongside open access to the NFC function.Any delay or frustration will be as a result of Apple refusing to negotiate.” Apple has said that even if the ACCC grants the banks’ application it will not offer open slather access to the iPhone’s NFC capabilities. Read more Setback for banks in Apple Pay fight “This is not open to negotiation with any bank,” the company said in a submission last year. “Apple designs its products to provide very secure experiences, especially where payments are concerned. Apple has been able to provide the required level of security with tight integration of hardware, software, and services such as Apple Pay. Apple does not provide banks access to the NFC radio because doing so would undermine the security our customers expect when using Apple devices to make payments.” In a submission after the ACCC released its draft decision, Apple argued that even though the applicant banks have access to NFC capabilities on Android handsets they “have not used that access to provide apps to consumers that facilitate more innovative, faster or more convenient mobile payments than are available without embedded NFC radio access. Read more: ANZ recruits key govt cyber security expert for CISO role 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags anz bankBendigo Bankmobile paymentsWestpacAndroid PayCommonwealth Bank of AustraliaApple PayBendigo and Adelaide Bank LtdNational Australia BankApple More about ANZAppleApple.Australian Competition and Consumer CommissionCommonwealth BankCommonwealth Bank of AustraliaGoogleLanceNational Australia BankNearNFCWestpac Editor's Recommendations Telstra registers profit drop in first half Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Qantas offers NBN-based in-flight streaming Australia lagging on autonomous vehicle initiatives: Telstra Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager Data Storage Experts Tap Global Markets With EMC CloudBoost SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS 7 Ways Link-Solutions Empowers Network Pros to Work Faster and Smarter Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Microsoft adds Outlook.com to service-subscription list with $50/year Premium option Amazon releases Chime, a new cloud-based UCaaS ​Will ransomware attackers target critical infrastructure next? CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney reliable sources think profit newtube entertainment reliable sources think profit newtube entertainment Follow Us! Back To CNNMoney Apple CEO Tim Cook calls for "massive campaign" against fake news by Brian Stelter   @brianstelter February 11, 2017: 8:00 PM ET What to do about viral 'fake news' Apple CEO Tim Cook wants the tech industry to take action against "fake news" stories that are polluting the web. "There has to be a massive campaign. We have to think through every demographic," Cook said in a rare interview. Speaking with The Daily Telegraph newspaper, Cook also said "all of us technology companies need to create some tools that help diminish the volume of fake news." Other leading tech company CEOs, like Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg, have spoken about the problem in recent months. But Cook's comments were much more frank. According to the Telegraph, he said made-up stories and hoaxes are "killing people's minds." And he called the "fake news" plague "a big problem in a lot of the world." The term "fake news" was originally coined to describe online stories that are designed to deceive readers. Often times these stories are shared on Facebook and other social networking sites to generate profits for the creators. Other times the stories are essentially propaganda made up for political purposes. These kinds of stories received widespread attention before and after the American election. Fictional stories with titles like "Pope Francis shocks world, endorses Donald Trump for president" won millions of clicks. It can be very difficult for web surfers to tell the difference between legitimate news sources and fakes. That's where companies like Apple come in. In the Telegraph interview -- part of a multi-day European trip -- Cook said "too many of us are just in the complain category right now and haven't figured out what to do." He urged both technological and intellectual solutions. "We need the modern version of a public-service announcement campaign. It can be done quickly if there is a will," Cook told the newspaper. What he described is music to the ears of media literacy advocates. "It's almost as if a new course is required for the modern kid, for the digital kid," Cook said. There are scattered efforts in some schools to teach media literacy, with a focus on digital skills, but it is by no means universal. When asked if Apple would commit to funding a PSA campaign, an Apple spokesman said the company had no further comment on Cook's interview. The Apple CEO also suggested that tech companies can help weed out fake stories, though he added, "We must try to squeeze this without stepping on freedom of speech and of the press." Apple's own Apple News app has been credited with being a relatively reliable place to find information. The company "reviews publishers who join Apple News," BuzzFeed noted last December. And the app has a "report-a-concern function where users can flag fake news or hate speech." Facebook recently started working with fact-checkers to test "warning labels" that show up when users share made-up stories. Cook, in the newspaper interview, expressed optimism that the "fake news" plague is a "short-term thing -- I don't believe that people want that at the end of the day." CNNMoney (New York) First published February 11, 2017: 8:00 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Businesses rally in support of #ADayWithoutImmigrants The Muay Thai brand using social media to take the fight to its rivals $4 million Lamborghini supercars recalled after fires Newsletter Big personalities. Big controversies. Big exclusives. Sign up for the tip sheet of the media industry, brought to you by Brian Stelter, Dylan Byers, and the best media team in the business. CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Partner Offers Paid Partner follow us! © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Banking cartel holds firm on Apple appeal being solely about NFC access The group of banks has narrowed its ACCC request to focus solely on gaining access to the iPhone's NFC technology. By Asha McLean | February 13, 2017 -- 01:10 GMT (17:10 PST) | Topic: Banking The Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA), the National Australia Bank (NAB), Westpac, and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank have narrowed its joint application to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) to solely focus on open access to iPhone's near-field communication (NFC) technology, accusing Apple of refusing to do anything any other way than "Apple's way". Latest Australian news NBN CEO reiterates lack of demand for 1Gbps broadband NBN not to blame for misleading broadband speed claims: Fifield Changes to equity crowdfunding Bill 'cosmetic' and 'locks out' startups: Labor Australia finally gets data breach notification laws at third attempt ​Banking cartel holds firm on Apple appeal being solely about NFC access The banks have been seeking regulatory approval since mid-last year to collectively negotiate with third-party mobile providers such as Apple on conditions relating to competition, best practice standards, and efficiency. Throughout the process, the banks have claimed they want access to the NFC controller in iPhones, as Apple currently does not allow any other entity direct access. The group has been arguing that access would enable them to offer their own integrated digital wallets to iPhone customers in competition with Apple's digital wallet without using Apple Pay -- which is what Apple wants to avoid. In its latest response [PDF], the banking cartel has reiterated its long-held opinion that the public will benefit if Apple is forced to hand over its NFC hardware, highlighting it would increase competition and consumer choice in digital wallets in Australia, increase innovation and investment in digital wallets and other mobile applications using NFC technology, provide greater consumer confidence leading to increased adoption of mobile payment technology in Australia, and provide cost-based benefits for consumers. "NFC access is required to enable real choice and real competition for consumers, and to facilitate innovation and investment in the digital wallets available to Australians. All customers benefit from real competition," the submission said. "The applicants flatly reject Apple's unsupported assertions that the application is about an objection to the fees that Apple wishes to impose, rather than NFC access. "Apple's conspiracy theories about 'Trojan horse fees' are similarly dismissed by the applicants as fantasy. "To make this point abundantly clear, the applicants are willing to limit collective negotiation to NFC access alone -- ie, the ability to collectively negotiate for the removal of the pass-through restriction will be taken off the table." The banks' comments come after Apple argued in its submission to the ACCC last week that the collective application from the banks is not about access to the iPhone's NFC technology; rather it is an attempt to avoid paying the fees associated with using Apple Pay. Apple noted that it "will not, and cannot, agree to the terms sought by the banks". The latest submission from both the banking cartel and Apple is in response to a draft determination handed down by the ACCC in November that moved to deny the banks collective bargaining rights against the iPhone maker. "This is currently a finely balanced decision. The ACCC is not currently satisfied that the likely benefits from the proposed conduct outweigh the likely detriments," ACCC chairman Rod Sims said at the time. "While the ACCC accepts that the opportunity for the banks to collectively negotiate and boycott would place them in a better bargaining position with Apple, the benefits are currently uncertain and may be limited." In its response, the banks claim the draft determination fails to take into account the public benefit that would result from an increase in competition in mobile payment services, saying the competition would provide a material increase in choice for consumers. "It is not just that there will be more mobile payment services available in the market, the competitive tension between mobile payment services will also promote innovation and differentiation that can be used to further differentiate mobile wallets," the submission reads. "For Apple to suggest that mobile payment services are not open to differentiation or improvement is short-sighted and reflects a failure to imagine any way of doing things other than Apple's way." Apple believes that this argument is merely lip service, given the banks currently have embedded NFC radio access on Android devices that Apple said they have not utilised. The banks believe that there is already substantial competitive tension from Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ), American Express, and the 37 other institutions who currently offer Apple Pay. If NFC access on the iPhone is granted, the banks said, then competition between mobile wallet apps will be increased, in both card payment product features and promotions, and in non-payment features and consumer offerings. "There are no public benefits to providing the applicant banks embedded NFC radio access," Apple said in its latest submission. "The only benefit that would accrue to the banks in that case is a purely private benefit where they would be allowed to continue to free-ride on the significant investments made by Apple in its devices, iOS platform, and Apple Store infrastructure, and specifically in this case on the underlying technology installed on Apple devices to facilitate NFC payments without paying any fees for transactions processed via Apple Pay." According to the tech giant, embedded NFC access would not lead to an overall improved user experience, and the proposed collective bargaining conduct will not achieve any of the public benefits claimed by the applicant banks. In addition, Apple said it is concerned that the banks are using the long-drawn-out authorisation process as a device to delay the further expansion of Apple Pay in Australia, a practice the Californian giant believes is not only directly impacting the 70 percent of cardholders in Australia that are controlled by the banks but also the smaller card issuers who already, or could in the future, rely upon Apple Pay as a means of securing a digital presence in competition with the big banks. "The application seeks permission to jointly negotiate with Apple; this is not an attempt to delay Apple Pay from entering the Australian market. The applicants expect that Apple Pay would be offered to their customers alongside open access to the NFC function. Any delay or frustration will be as a result of Apple refusing to negotiate," the banks said in response. "Apple is not a bank or a credit card scheme, and Apple cannot on their own complete a mobile payment. Nor are the applicants manufacturers of mobile phones -- both parties need each other to bring strong mobile payment offerings to the market." In its latest submission, the banks held firm that NFC access would create opportunities to invest in NFC capabilities that do not exist without access. Particularly in a relatively small market like Australia, the banks said that larger addressable market provided by NFC access on the iPhone platform increases the incentives to invest, and would reduce the cost and risk of failure and enhance the likely chances of success. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Banking How it works: Blockchain explained in 500 words Banking ​Commonwealth Bank ups technology spend to AU$1.2b in H1 Banking PayPal buys TIO Networks to expand into bill payment Big Data Analytics Singapore central bank sets up data analytics unit × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Australian banks narrow focus of Apple Pay collective bargaining request Reuters Feb. 12, 2017, 5:59 PM 185 facebook linkedin twitter email print An Apple iPhone 6 with Apple Pay is shown in this photo illustration in Encinitas, California Thomson Reuters By Jamie Freed SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian banks seeking permission from the country's competition regulator to bargain collectively with Apple Inc over its mobile payment system said on Monday they will focus on gaining access to the U.S. tech company's contactless payment function, removing the fees Apple charges as a bone of contention. Commonwealth Bank of Australia , Westpac Banking Corp , National Australia Bank Ltd and Bendigo & Adelaide Bank Ltd command two-thirds of Australia's credit card market but have yet to allow use of their cards with Apple Pay which was introduced to the country last year. Under Australian law, bargaining cartels can be formed with the approval of authorities. A cartel would strengthen the banks in negotiating the ability to offer their own digital wallets for Apple's iPhones - the first major challenge to Apple Pay of its kind globally. Apple Pay allows users to register credit cards on iPhones, and pay for goods and services by swiping the devices over contactless payment terminals. Apple charges card providers for transactions made using Apple Pay and does not allow companies to develop their own mobile wallets, which would allow banks to circumvent transaction fees and get customers to engage more frequently with their own apps. In the banks' initial application lodged in July, they sought to negotiate with Apple over fees as well as access to the contactless payments function. In a draft decision issued in November, which it described as "finely balanced", the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) proposed to deny the collective bargaining application. At the time, ACCC Chairman Rod Sims told Reuters that if fees were at the heart of the banks' application, then it would be difficult for them to win approval. But if the issue was more about access to Apple's contactless payment technology, then the banks had a stronger case, he said. In a statement ahead of a final decision from the regulator, the banks on Monday said they had narrowed the application to focus on contactless payments and halved the collective bargaining authorization term to 18 months. "It is about the consumer having the choice of multiple wallets," said Lance Blockley, a spokesman for the banks. In a submission to the competition regulator on Jan. 31, Apple said there were no public benefits to providing the banks access to its contactless payment system, and that doing so would give them a "free-ride" on Apple's investment in technology. Among other banks, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd has offered Apple Pay to customers since April, while Macquarie Group Ltd and ING Groep NV's ING Direct on Friday said they would introduce Apple Pay this month. (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Bill Rigby) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Australian banks narrow focus of Apple Pay collective bargaining request Australian banks narrow focus of Apple Pay collective bargaining request By Jamie FreedSYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Reuters Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues How Apple can make music sound sweeter Dan Moren 13 February, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News We’ve heard the refrain over and over again: music is in Apple’s DNA. It’s been uttered regularly by Tim Cook, and even if Steve Jobs didn’t put it in exactly those words, it was clear from the direction in which he steered Apple – introducing products like the iTunes and the iPod – how important music was to both him and the corporation he headed. But even as the company continues to push its Apple Music venture, there are a few places where Apple would be better served by re-examining the way it approaches music. From services to software to hardware, Apple’s become pretty comfortable about where it stands with music – but not necessarily because it has the best solutions out there. Fix iTunes and Music A year and a half ago, I made the argument that Apple should break up iTunes, preferably with at least the same level of vigour with which the US Government approached Ma Bell. The desktop software has become a morass of half-forgotten features that have accumulated over its long lifespan. In part, I understand why Apple hasn’t yet targeted the app for revamping. For one, I have to imagine that fewer people listen to iTunes on their Macs these days. Most folks are probably more plugged into their smartphones while on the go, and when you’re at home you may have a Bluetooth speaker, a stereo system or wireless options like Sonos. Additionally, none of the Macs that Apple currently sells comes with speakers worth writing home about, and I couldn’t even find traditional computer speakers in Apple’s online store – everything there is wireless. And, of course, the free and integral nature of iTunes has effectively killed any serious competition on the Mac; there’s little incentive for Apple to improve iTunes when it’s the only game in town. iTunes is starting to look more like the Music app on iOS, but they could still both use an overhaul. And though it’s received more attention, the Music app on iOS is no great shakes either. It’s riddled with confusing interface decisions (having to scroll down for the Up Next queue and shuffle/repeat buttons), sometimes frustrating integration with Apple Music (especially if you don’t want to use Apple Music), and the removal of other features (no more Genius Playlists?), among other flaws. At least, unlike iTunes on the Mac, there’s a little more room for competition, though mostly from streaming services.   So maybe it’s time to go back to the drawing board for both of these. Just as Apple created a Photos app on the Mac and iOS that (mostly) brought parity to both platforms, launching an effort to create a Music app on both Mac and iOS, with similar features and UI (user interface), could put those offerings back at the top of their game. Improve AirPlay AirTunes was impressive when it launched back in 2004, but its rebranding as AirPlay in 2010 expanded its usefulness by integrating with iOS and the Apple TV. In the intervening years, it’s lost a bit of its cachet, thanks to competing technologies like Google’s Cast and Sonos’ wireless music system. It also never quite took off in the peripheral market, thanks to often buggy implementation and high prices. Some may argue the respective sound quality of Bluetooth speakers versus AirPlay speakers, but the truth is that Bluetooth speakers are cheaper and – in my experience – more reliable. If you’re willing to pay a little more, you can find one with very good sound, and you could always step up to a Sonos system. So perhaps it’s time for an AirPlay revolution. At the very least, Apple should focus on giving AirPlay bulletproof reliability. AirPlay is a cool technology, but it’s languished, as streaming music from the internet, rather than a local library, has become more popular. Then again, maybe Apple should consider getting into the hardware market itself. Make a speaker Apple has made a few forays into the speaker market over the years: it sold computer speakers for Macs, occasionally teaming up with Harman Kardon, and of course made the much maligned iPod Hi-Fi more than a decade ago. But recently it’s stuck with headphones, from the iPod earbuds to AirPods, and now the entire Beats brand as well. Apple Pro speakers by Harman Kardon Beats does sell a single Bluetooth speaker, but it may behoove Apple to make a larger push in wireless speakers instead of just licensing AirPlay to other manufacturers – especially if that speaker would work out of the box with Apple Music. Granted, perhaps it would be more effective to just snap up Sonos – especially if Apple could find a way to integrate Siri. Then again, Apple doesn’t have to do any of this; it can simply keep on trucking the way it’s been. But for a company that claims music is a part of its genetic make-up, it’s been awfully focused on only a very small piece of the overall picture. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Apple experimenting with a smart watch technology? Tim Cook: augmented reality will be an essential part of your daily life, like the iPhone Review: Television for iPhone AirTurn BT-105 Mountain Lion: What you need to know Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Sonos adds Spotify streaming Sonos listeners can now play music from Spotify to Sonos, making Sonos the only home sound system you can fully control from the Spotify app, including... Google Play Music revamps its home screen and builds more diverse playlist recommendations Google has announced a major upgrade to its streaming music service to take advantage of the company’s strengths in machine learning. The most noticeable... App Guide Educe DoTalk Cosmic Watch Gadget Guide IKlip Grip Pro Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs Help FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Australian banks narrow focus of Apple Pay collective bargaining request By Reuters Published: 18:01 EST, 12 February 2017 | Updated: 18:01 EST, 12 February 2017 e-mail By Jamie Freed SYDNEY, Feb 13 (Reuters) - Australian banks seeking permission from the country's competition regulator to bargain collectively with Apple Inc over its mobile payment system said on Monday they will focus on gaining access to the U.S. tech company's contactless payment function, removing the fees Apple charges as a bone of contention. Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Westpac Banking Corp, National Australia Bank Ltd and Bendigo & Adelaide Bank Ltd command two-thirds of Australia's credit card market but have yet to allow use of their cards with Apple Pay which was introduced to the country last year. Under Australian law, bargaining cartels can be formed with the approval of authorities. A cartel would strengthen the banks in negotiating the ability to offer their own digital wallets for Apple's iPhones - the first major challenge to Apple Pay of its kind globally. Apple Pay allows users to register credit cards on iPhones, and pay for goods and services by swiping the devices over contactless payment terminals. Apple charges card providers for transactions made using Apple Pay and does not allow companies to develop their own mobile wallets, which would allow banks to circumvent transaction fees and get customers to engage more frequently with their own apps. In the banks' initial application lodged in July, they sought to negotiate with Apple over fees as well as access to the contactless payments function. In a draft decision issued in November, which it described as "finely balanced", the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) proposed to deny the collective bargaining application. At the time, ACCC Chairman Rod Sims told Reuters that if fees were at the heart of the banks' application, then it would be difficult for them to win approval. But if the issue was more about access to Apple's contactless payment technology, then the banks had a stronger case, he said. In a statement ahead of a final decision from the regulator, the banks on Monday said they had narrowed the application to focus on contactless payments and halved the collective bargaining authorisation term to 18 months. "It is about the consumer having the choice of multiple wallets," said Lance Blockley, a spokesman for the banks. In a submission to the competition regulator on Jan. 31, Apple said there were no public benefits to providing the banks access to its contactless payment system, and that doing so would give them a "free-ride" on Apple's investment in technology. Among other banks, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd has offered Apple Pay to customers since April, while Macquarie Group Ltd and ING Groep NV's ING Direct on Friday said they would introduce Apple Pay this month. (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Bill Rigby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri 'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Sport Football Sunderland AFC Sport Sunderland's Steven Pienaar backs New York bonding trip for team beaten 4-0 by Southampton side in dismal form Saints had lost six out of seven in the league but still blitzed rock-bottom, Big Apple-bound Black Cats PLUS: "Top drawer" Gabbiadini praised  Share  Comments BySimon Bird 22:30, 12 FEB 2017 Sport Sunderland showed little fight once Southampton scored the first goal (Photo: Reuters)  Share  Comments Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Steven Pienaar has defended Sunderland’s trip to New York , saying it is needed to build team spirit. The rock-bottom Wearsiders were booed off after Saturday's 4-0 home defeat by Southampton, and are facing flak from fans who are funding their five-day bonding session and training camp in the Big Apple. David Moyes’s men put in a dreadful, low-effort last hour as they were demolished by Saints, who had lost six of their previous seven league games. Moyes refused to cancel the break, saying: “Managers have to make decisions, prepare teams and lead. That’s part of doing the job. Sometimes doing something different...” The Sunderland squad will mix training with team-bonding in New York And Pienaar, who saw Moyes use New York as a booster for his Everton squad when they were both at Goodison, said: “It’s very important to be with your colleagues off the field as well and get that bond. “What you do off the field is very important to what you do on it. Hopefully it will benefit the group. “The aim is to get everyone pulling in one direction. You need to get to know your players off the field but it’s really important at this stage. Obviously we want to be one unit and we’re here for one cause — to stay in the Premier League.” Saturday's heavy defeat was more deserving of a trip to the village of New York in nearby North Tyneside than to one of the greatest cities in the world. It had the feel of Sunderland giving up after Saints new boy Manolo ­Gabbiadini scored twice, albeit once with his arm, in the first half. Moyes hopes the trip benefits Sunderland like similar ones did his Everton sides (Photo: Getty) Ryan Bertrand made the third with a cross that forced defender Jason Denayer to slide in an own goal, and Shane Long finished the job in stoppage time in a positive warm-up for the EFL Cup final at Wembley in a fortnight – their next match. Ex-Napoli star Gabbiadini has three in two games since signing, but has yet to pick up any English However his team-mates have been impressed by his finishing power in training, and efforts to fit in. Nathan Redmond said: “We’ve seen straight away that his finishing is top-drawer – that’s his big strength, but he can link the game as well. “He played very well and more than deserved his goals. Obviously he’s struggling with the language barrier, but we have an Italian physio here who does a lot of the ­translating and he’s picked up a few English phrases already. It was like old times, with a Gabbiadini plundering goals in Sunderland (Photo: Getty) “He’s tactically aware and understood what we wanted to do. The language of football is universal. If you go abroad and start kicking a ball around, people understand. He has played different tactics abroad, he’s hit the ground running.” This was the Saints’ last game until the EFL finale and Redmond said: “We can’t think about Wembley. It’s a one-off game and the league is the most important thing. “That’s why we needed to get a win here. It’s two weeks away, it’s a long way off yet and there’s no point thinking about that now. “Our cup final was today and winning the game with a clean sheet and four goals, we can’t ask for anything more than that.” poll loading Is this the season Sunderland are relegated? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Football Newsletter Follow @mirrorfootball Subscribe to our Football newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Sunderland AFC Premier League relegation Steven Pienaar Southampton FC Nathan Redmond Sport all Most Read Most Recent Arsenal FCRoy Keane SLAMS Arsenal and claims Gunners 'only have two decent players' after Bayern Munich drubbing The former Manchester United midfielder almost saw no point in criticising Arsenal because the result was expected Ian WrightIan Wright has complete and utter MELTDOWN as Arsenal are hammered by Bayern Munich The Gunners legend seemed to have some hope that his side could get a good result, but then things went badly wrong... Arsene WengerThe 21 angriest #WengerOut tweets as Arsenal are DESTROYED by Bayern Munich As usual, social media was not a pretty sight for the Arsenal manager as his side were hammered in Germany Champions LeagueBayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal LIVE score and goal updates Thiago double and Robert Lewandowski put Germans in control All the action from tonight's game at the Allianz Arena in Munich as the Gunners look to get a rare win against Bayern Arsenal FCBayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal: Second-half collapse puts Gunners on brink of European exit - 5 things we learned Three second-half goals in ten minutes from Bayern gave the German champions a huge first-leg advantage Manchester United FCManchester United vs St Etienne: 11 things you need to know ahead of Europa League clash United who sit in sixth, will be eyeing automatic qualification to the Champions League, as they take on the French side in the last 32 clash at Old Trafford Ian WrightIan Wright has complete and utter MELTDOWN as Arsenal are hammered by Bayern Munich The Gunners legend seemed to have some hope that his side could get a good result, but then things went badly wrong... Manchester United transfer newsManchester United transfer news and rumours: 'Red Devils to begin contract extension talks with Michael Carrick' PLUS: Napoli want to sign Ibrahimovic AND Jose Mourinho provides an injury update ahead of the clash with Saint-Etienne MMARevealed: Why Conor McGregor is hunting for Khloe Kardashian in Malibu McGregor has gone on a tour of the California coast in search of some Kardashian flesh Arsenal transfer newsArsenal transfer news and rumours: 'Gunners playmaker Santi Cazorla wanted by Fenerbahce' PLUS: All the fallout to Arsenal's 5-1 defeat by Bayern Munich as the pressure grows on Arsene Wenger to quit in the summer Most Read Most Recent Coronation StreetCoronation Street writers appear to forget Mike Baldwin is dead in epic blunder Adam Barlow was looking for his deceased father in the Rovers Return Arsenal FCRoy Keane SLAMS Arsenal and claims Gunners 'only have two decent players' after Bayern Munich drubbing The former Manchester United midfielder almost saw no point in criticising Arsenal because the result was expected Ian WrightIan Wright has complete and utter MELTDOWN as Arsenal are hammered by Bayern Munich The Gunners legend seemed to have some hope that his side could get a good result, but then things went badly wrong... Amanda Knox'Straight women are gay for the stay': Amanda Knox opens up about lesbian relationship in prison Knox, 29, shared details of her fling with an inmate she called 'Leny' while in jail for the murder of Meredith Kercher Tara Palmer-TomkinsonTragic Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour - it was a 'cry for help' The former It-girl passed away aged 45, months after claiming she had been diagnosed with a growth on her pituitary gland Cancer'Love has no boundaries': Dying woman, 89, invited to spend her final days with kind-hearted young neighbour Chris Salvatore, 31, became 89-year-old Norma Cook's carer and 'best friend' when she stopped treatment for her leukemia last year Jamie O'HaraJamie O'Hara explains Bianca split and admits he's trying to win back ex as they enjoy Dubai holiday It's a fresh blow for Bianca Gascoigne who was dumped four days after leaving the CBB house Manchester United FCManchester United vs St Etienne: 11 things you need to know ahead of Europa League clash United who sit in sixth, will be eyeing automatic qualification to the Champions League, as they take on the French side in the last 32 clash at Old Trafford Miranda HartMiranda Hart 'hit by mystery illness' which stopped her returning to Call The Midwife for Christmas special TV favourite suffered from a mystery illness Lee RyanBlue hunk Lee Ryan lands role in EastEnders as new Walford bad boy Woody The singer-turned-actor can't wait to make his Albert Square debut Top Stories Knife crime"You stole my f**king blood": Deranged knifeman calmly stabbed young woman to death in Holland & Barrett store where she worked Shane Smyth left Mairead Moran, 26, with a stab wound that caused injuries to her heart, lung, kidney and liver during the savage attack Amanda Knox'Straight women are gay for the stay': Amanda Knox opens up about lesbian relationship during time in prison Knox, 29, shared details of her fling with an inmate she called 'Leny' while in jail for the murder of Meredith Kercher Giant ratsHordes of giant rats force mum and 7 children to flee their family home Carla Hazlett says she was forced out of the social housing amid fears her three-year-old son was becoming ill from exposure to the supersized vermin SkiingMum 'scarred for life' after being 'slashed by pair of skis at high speed during family holiday' WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES Louise Timbrell, 42, claims she was standing on a slope in the French Alps when she was struck by the skis Neighbours from hellPyjama wearing neighbours from hell told to start behaving up or be banned from your own estates in dawn raids Purge targeted a total of 13 households over offences including racial harassment, assaulting a police officer, being drunk and disorderly, burglary and shoplifting Arsenal FCFull transcript as Arsene Wenger answers THREE questions following Arsenal's humiliating defeat to Bayern Munich The Gunners boss saw his side thumped 5-1 in the Champions League last-16 tie in what was arguably the lowest ebb of the Frenchman's tenure in north London Court casePaedophile who abducted and sexually abused girl, six, is finally caught after being stopped for drink driving 15 years on The six-year-old girl was taken from Barton-under-Needwood, Staffordshire, in March 2001 and assaulted Ryan GiggsGary Neville and Ryan Giggs' 'aggressive' skyscraper scheme slammed as 'damaging' to historic city The St Michael's scheme in the city - backed by the former Manchester United stars - will offer a five-star hotel, 21-storey tower and luxury apartments Health and Safety ExecutiveThree-year-old boy hit and killed by vehicle driven by dad in tragic farm accident Stuart Nelson’s father Richard, 37, was at the wheel when the tragedy happened at the family farm in Fife AfghanistanDecorated war hero who served in SAS killed in helicopter crash while fighting wildfires Corporal David Steven Askin, 38, won New Zealand's second highest military award in 2014 for his actions in Afghanistan Kim Jong NamCareless half-brother of Kim Jong-un 'hunted down and tracked through his Facebook' page by assassins Kim Jong-nam, who had spoken out against his family's dynastic control of the isolated state, was 'assassinated by two women believed to be North Korean operatives' FoodDiners flee restaurant half way through eating meals after cockroach infestation in kitchen Half-eaten meals were left abandoned on tables when health inspectors ordered customers to down knives and forks at the popular Sands of Glenfield in Leicester Roy Keane SLAMS Arsenal and claims Gunners 'only have two decent players' after Bayern Munich drubbing Ian Wright has complete and utter MELTDOWN as Arsenal are hammered by Bayern Munich The 21 angriest #WengerOut tweets as Arsenal are DESTROYED by Bayern Munich Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal LIVE score and goal updates Thiago double and Robert Lewandowski put Germans in control Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal: Second-half collapse puts Gunners on brink of European exit - 5 things we learned See inside Eugenie Bouchard's date with lucky fan at basketball game after honouring Super Bowl bet Full transcript as Arsene Wenger answers THREE questions following Arsenal's humiliating defeat to Bayern Munich Four-man shortlist for next Arsenal manager as fans call for Arsene Wenger exit after Bayern Munich defeat Everton boss Ronald Koeman in frame to become next Barcelona manager Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal: Player ratings as Arsene Wenger's men collapse at the Allianz Arena Bayern Munich mock Arsenal after latest Champions League drubbing - "same again next year?" The 9 most HUMILIATING stats for Arsenal fans as Gunners are hammered by Bayern Munich "It’s a shock" and "a nightmare" says stunned Arsene Wenger of Arsenal's Bayern battering Tottenham's Dele Alli is a £100million player as he's better than world-record buy Paul Pogba, claims Harry Redknapp Russia’s Hooligan Army: Thugs threaten 'war' with England fans at World Cup 2018 West Ham ready to ditch summer transfer flop Arthur Masuaku for a fraction of what he cost Arsene Wenger 'looked wounded' and 'needs to be protected from himself', says Martin Keown Watch in full as sombre Arsene Wenger answers only THREE questions in abrupt press conference following Bayern Munich thrashing Revealed: Why Conor McGregor is hunting for Khloe Kardashian in Malibu Arsene Wenger looks like he knows his time at Arsenal is up after Bayern Munich thrashing, claims Lee Dixon News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC Acquires Shares of 25,248 Apple Inc. (AAPL) February 12, 2017 Robert V. Boyd Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund acquired 25,248 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock, valued at approximately $2,853,000. Apple makes up approximately 1.1% of Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AAPL. Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Apple by 39.2% in the second quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 1,080 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $103,000 after buying an additional 304 shares in the last quarter. Armbruster Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Apple by 35.1% in the third quarter. Armbruster Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,024 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 266 shares in the last quarter. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates Inc. bought a new position in shares of Apple during the third quarter worth about $122,000. D. Scott Neal Inc. increased its position in shares of Apple by 701.3% in the third quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. now owns 1,202 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 1,052 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Delphi Private Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Apple by 5.0% in the second quarter. Delphi Private Advisors LLC now owns 1,462 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $140,000 after buying an additional 69 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 58.95% of the company’s stock. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 1.08% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $121.26. 16,405,763 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $646.60 billion, a PE ratio of 14.59 and a beta of 1.30. Apple Inc. has a one year low of $89.47 and a one year high of $121.69. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $116.82 and its 200-day moving average is $111.12. AAPL has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Brean Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. Bank of America Corporation reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $125.00 price target on shares of Apple in a report on Tuesday, September 27th. Citigroup Inc. lifted their price target on Apple from $120.00 to $130.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, September 30th. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $140.00 price target on shares of Apple in a report on Saturday, October 8th. Finally, Drexel Hamilton reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $185.00 price target on shares of Apple in a report on Monday, October 10th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and three have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $130.09. In other Apple news, CFO Luca Maestri sold 16,950 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.03, for a total value of $1,865,008.50. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 12,055 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,326,411.65. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Timothy D. Cook sold 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $120.14, for a total transaction of $3,604,200.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 187,559 shares of company stock valued at $21,715,924 over the last three months. Insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Business Post navigation The Strategy Asset Managers LLC Has $626,000 Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) The Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC Cuts Stake in Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Related posts February 16, 2017 Susan G. Crespo 0 The BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. Sells 2,960 Shares of Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. reduced its position in Columbia Sportswear Company (NASDAQ:COLM) by 0.4% during... February 16, 2017 Susan G. Crespo 0 The BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. Has $38,729,000 Stake in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB) BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:NBTB) by 1.1% during... February 16, 2017 Susan G. Crespo 0 The TopBuild Corp. (BLD) Stake Raised by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in TopBuild Corp. (NYSE:BLD) by 9.0% during the... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. Sells 2,960 Shares of Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) The BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. Has $38,729,000 Stake in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB) The TopBuild Corp. (BLD) Stake Raised by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. The American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (AEO) Position Cut by BlackRock Group LTD The General Cable Corporation (BGC) Stake Held by State of Tennessee Treasury Department The ARRIS International PLC (ARRS) Stake Held by State of Tennessee Treasury Department The BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Position Increased by California State Teachers Retirement System The California State Teachers Retirement System Buys 2,400 Shares of Janus Capital Group, Inc (JNS) The American International Group Inc. Has $1,675,000 Position in Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) The Northern Trust Corp Acquires 2,440 Shares of Electronics for Imaging, Inc. (EFII) The American International Group Inc. Sells 10 Shares of PS Business Parks, Inc. (PSB) The Suntrust Banks Inc. Has $314,000 Stake in ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) The Suntrust Banks Inc. Purchases Shares of 13,274 Trinity Industries, Inc. (TRN) The American International Group Inc. Takes Position in Hope Bancorp, Inc. (HOPE) The Vantage Investment Advisors LLC Has $119,000 Stake in Philip Morris International Inc (PM) The Starz Inc. (STRZA) Shares Sold by BlackRock Inc. The BlackRock Investment Management LLC Has $3,698,000 Position in Diodes Incorporated (DIOD) The BlackRock Investment Management LLC Increases Stake in Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) The Teachers Advisors LLC Reduces Position in Trex Company, Inc. (TREX) The Chemed Co. (CHE) Position Maintained by New York State Common Retirement Fund © DailyQuint.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] The Problem with Microsoft: It Doesn’t Have the Face of a Star Chuong Nguyen04/08/2013 Microsoft did a fantastic engineering job with the Surface RT and Surface Pro tablets–early media reviews have called the design a handsome job with sturdy build quality thanks to its VaporMG construction. The slates come with an assuring click when the kickstand is propped out or the keyboard cover is snapped into place and a clean and minimalist appearance. Yet despite glowing praises over how elegant and attractive the hardware is, the Surface Pro and Surface RT are still lacking the face of a star. As such, the product line is a dud when it comes to making a cameo on your HDTV or on the silver screen. Advertisement Is that a Surface RT I spy on ABC’s Grey Anatomy, episode: “She’s Killing Me”? And unless Microsoft makes its tablet less conservative, the Surface brand will continue to face difficulties gaining traction outside of Microsoft’s playful commercials centered around clicking, tapping, and dancing. Product placements on popular television shows have left viewers guessing what the tablet featured is. That’s the case when a friend, whom I would consider tech-knowledgeable, emailed me after watching the ABC hit Grey’s Anatomy. The tablet was featured in several of the most recent episodes of the season with a non-descript black shell. Curious, I played the episode on my Apple iPad Mini using the ABC Player app, and from the looks of the angled edge, it appears that the tablet is none other than the Surface RT, but that took a bit of slow-motion pauses, and a few rewinds. Another Grey’s Anatomy doctor tapping at the Surface RT Product placement shouldn’t be this hard, and consumers should easily be able to tell the product you’re subtly trying to sell them. Take for instance Coca Cola’s and AT&T’s sponsorship of Fox’s American Idol where nothing is subtle about the colors and the product placement. As a viewer, if you’re working this hard to guess what device your favorite stars are using, it becomes a marketing flop. Advertisement A fleet of Surface tablets. Despite the number of tablets on use at the hospital, viewers may not be easily able to tell that it’s a Microsoft Surface. Compare this to the case of Apple, whose shiny aluminum products could easily be deciphered on-screen. Apple has maintained continuity in its hardware designs, and if you look at the front of an iPad with a Home button, you can easily tell it’s an Apple design. And Apple could have easily removed its Home button on recent iPad tablets as well–implementation of multi-touch gestures can easily reveal the multi-tasking tray or close applications so you theoretically don’t need the home button to perform many of the actions that were required of pressing the hardware button before. However, Apple kept the signature piece, and it paid off as whenever it’s tablets are featured in hit TV shows or movies, viewers can easily and knowingly guess that it’s the iPad they’re seeing. This is not the case with the Surface line, unless your favorite actors and actresses flip out the kickstand and attach the keyboard covers–things that were not shown on Grey’s Anatomy. Even as a Surface Pro user, recognizing the Surface on the show for me was a challenge as the tablet was nondescript enough in slate form that it was hard for me to confidently name it by brand. Should Microsoft re-design the Surface in colors that would help users ascertain its heritage as a Microsoft product? Probably not. Apple’s clever grey backing and glossy silver logo on the rear of its slate as well as a black or white bezel and singular Home button worked. Microsoft really needs to design its products with marketing in mind. As it stands, if viewers cannot identify its product placement–whether if that placement is paid for by Microsoft or if the ABC crew selected the tablet on their own–it’s wasted advertising money and energy. Advertisement Various nondescript Windows Phone 8 smartphones are also featured on ABC’s Scandal. Here, series star Kerry Washington is speaking on her Windows Phone 8 device, though it’s not easy for viewers to tell that it’s a Microsoft OS underneath that black box. Another Microsoft marketing flop in terms of product placement is the Windows Phone 8 product placement attempt as a series regular on ABC’s Scandal, a show that debuted last year by Grey’s Anatomy‘s creator. This season, according to another tech friend who watches Scandal, the Nokia Lumia 920 was shown, and sometimes even with the snazzy Live Tiles interface that’s part of the Metro UI on Windows Phone. However, rather than choosing a bright Nokia color, the black Lumia 920 was shown, making it hard for consumers to even recognize it was a Lumia 920 that they’re seeing. In the most recent episode, however, it appears that series star Kerry Washington switched to an HTC 8X, which my friend says is a departure from the non-descript black Lumia 920 that’s often featured. Washington’s phone handled by an unauthorized party. It is a Windows Phone 8, and this time it seems that the HTC 8X may have been featured, a departure from the Lumia that Washington’s character often uses on the show. What other shows have you seen recently that featured Microsoft’s products? Was it easy to spot the Windows or Windows Phone that your favorite actors and actresses are using? 5 Responses 04/08/2013 teck001 Reply Microsoft’s problem is: you people in the media refuse to shut up, that’s all. 04/08/2013 Claire Reply In suburgatory Microsoft is pushing really hard its devices (with the surface cover etc) 04/08/2013 ctitanic Reply http://wintablet.info/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/WP_20130408_001-580×326.jpg From Arrow. 11/23/2013 tyler Reply Product page or something on that surface charging station? I can’t find it anywhere 02/12/2017 Frank Reply The creator of Grey’s Anatomy worked with Microsoft to see if they could make the Surface for the show. In this case, it’s not about product placement. Shonda Rhimes wanted to use the Surface. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 5 Reasons You Should 02/07/2017 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should 02/01/2017
Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Movies Deals The AirPod Effect: 72-Hrs With Apple’s Wireless Buds Share Tweet These Earphones Let You Charge Your iPhone 7 While You Listen! Dirty Dancing Turns 30: Special “Collector’s Edition” Hits iTunes ‘Planet Of The Apps’ Looks Like Shark Tank — On Steroids [WATCH] Returning This Week: Prince, Blondie …and More! [LISTEN] Apple The AirPod Effect: 72-Hrs With Apple’s Wireless Buds By Arron Hirst 12th Feb 17 9:52 pm Share Tweet Apple’s AirPods have officially reached ‘gold dust’ status, amid a 6-week minimum shipping delay online – and similar stock scarcity in store. With this in mind, last week I decided to take the plunge and pony up a £50 premium to get my own hands on the company’s latest, truly-wireless earbuds. Here’s what I’ve learned in the past 72 hours. Design Although the unconventional design of Apple’s AirPods do take a little time get used to, it’s fair to say that without that initially weird-looking (and eventually, lovable) white stork that so obviously protrudes out of your ear, there is no question that the truly-wireless buds would be a far less appealing option. That’s because, for a start, that eye-catching white stork houses a battery that results in an average 5-hours of continuous listening time on a bad day, and 7-hours on a good day. It’s also imperative for Apple’s AirPods to be able to pick up your voice when using the earbuds for Siri, or calls. Of course, perhaps the most notable aspect of the AirPods design is that there are no wires. Zero. zilch. nada. Instead, each of Apple’s wireless earbuds connect to your iPhone through a persistent bluetooth connection. Generally speaking, that thinking hasn’t worked out too well for bluetooth earphones in the past – as some audiophiles claim that the sound quality and reliance of bluetooth can never be matched to that of wired alternatives — but as you’ll see from this review, AirPods could just buck that trend. Fit Prior to AirPods becoming available to purchase, many were quick to cite the company’s EarPods as the basis for doubting AirPods ability to stay in users’ ears. The thinking behind this was that the current ‘snagging’ of EarPods out of your ears due to them being attached to a wire, would somehow also translate to Apple’s new wireless world – as activities such as running, jumping and other energetic tendencies were each outlined as possible future pitfalls. Then came a dose of reality in the form of MacWorld’s Susie Och, who was one of the first to state -with certainty- that AirPods ‘may just stay in your ears’. 6-months on …and the latest figures suggest Apple’s AirPods have cornered the bluetooth earphone market to the tune of 40-percent. Here’s why I think that is deserved. On Saturday I took a trip into Liverpool City Centre. I walked around the city for a good 40-minutes to an hour, stopped in a cafe, and caught two trains (one of which I had to run pretty heavily for) … and in all that time of stepping on and off trains, entering and exiting shops, sitting down for a bite to eat and striding over those street grids -any one of which could have meant the end for my AirPods- not once did they fall out. Not once. Granted, I’m yet to try them in an intensive environment … such as in the gym, but initially at least, I am pretty impressed with their fit. Did I check on them a couple of times? … Of course. Any sensible wearer of mid-to-expensive earphones would check to ensure a comfortable, safe fit. The point here is that despite a barrage of media reports that all-but instilled the thought of AirPods being a put-in-one-minute, drop-out-the-next kind of deal – in the past 3 days never once have I had to pick them up off the floor. Believe me when I say that Apple did its homework in regards to the overall fit of these things. They don’t budge. At all. Sound I’ve heard from many who own AirPods that they feel they are just ‘marginally’ better than EarPods. I disagree — wholeheartedly. Anyone who knows me well knows that my life is music. I breathe it … and so naturally, I own several different pairs of wireless and wired earphones. Everything from my high-end Beats Studio, to M6 Pro professional in-ear stage monitors, mid-range QCY, AirPods, EarPods and others. I know what good quality sound is — and AirPods are exceptionally better than EarPods. Put it down to Apple’s acquisition of the technology that powers Beats, audio deflection trickery, or The Halo Effect. To these ears at least, AirPods are a significant step-up. Connection It wouldn’t be right to review AirPods -and their new wireless functionality- though, without also giving you some insight on what you can expect from the connection. It’s important to note that Apple’s AirPods link to your iCloud account – so connecting them to your iPhone means they’ll also show up as available bluetooth audio output sources on your iPad and Mac. Right now, Apple TV requires manual pairing due to the device being designed for use by multiple users, but hopefully this small niggle is remedied in a future firmware update. Initially, you might be surprised to read that I had some trouble with getting AirPods linked to my iPhone. The setup process involving the opening of Apple’s supplied charging case -while advertised as seamless– was seemingly less so on a first try, seeing my iPhone throw up the on-screen ‘connect’ dialog multiple times before they eventually connected. There was also a single time on Friday when the AirPods lost connection with my iPhone, causing me to have to jump into the quick bluetooth audio menu on Apple Music‘s ‘Now Playing’ screen and select them again. Since then, thankfully, this hasn’t happened again. One of the best parts of AirPods in terms of connection, is the way the wireless earbuds can automatically switch to use the audio output of the device you are currently using – to another. For example, I sometimes found myself starting to listen to Apple Music on my iPhone – and due to low battery (likely fuelled by having to have bluetooth activated), switching to use iTunes on my MacBook Air. This process was seamless – but it took a while to learn how it worked for the best result. In my own experience, I found pausing the music on the device I was switching from before trying to have my AirPods switch their connection to my Mac, or secondary device, provided the most seamless experience in terms of the audio/sounds that could be heard during the transition. Failing to do this resulted in sporadic audio jumps from one source to another, before the AirPods eventually connected to the new device. Case Apple’s charging case for AirPods could be mistaken for an alien egg. With a high-polish finish, and quick charge time at around 40-60 minutes, the charging case oozes a sense of premium style – whilst serving as a near-perfect companion to Apple’s wireless buds. There’s a few things you need to know in order to get the most out of it, though. The first is that taking the AirPods out of this charge case can -initially- be a little tricky. This is largely down to the gloss plastic material that Apple has chosen for the buds, and it’s at this point that you need to be most careful about dropping them – especially if you’re out and about. Once you’ve gotten used to how they sit and the strength of the magnet/connector that ultimately holds the buds in place while they charge – though, you should be golden. In my experience, the case appeared to lose roughly 5-7% of its charge overnight when left idle at 100% – with AirPods retaining their 100% charge ready for use in the morning. It also appears to be important to make sure that you take both earbuds out of the case at the same time, placing them in your ears together (if you wish to use the two), as during my first few tries of using them, only one bud appeared to register. I now know this is down to the way I took AirPods out of their case, and that same ‘clunky’ removal process I just described is actually an integral part to being able to use AirPods on a single basis. Taking one bud out of your ear and returning it to the case, then resuming the audio or music you were playing will see AirPods recognise that you only wish to use one of the buds, and automatically disconnect the other to save battery … handy if you, say, want to use one as a hands-free bluetooth earpiece whilst driving. Siri One largely unexpected benefit of owning AirPods is how much more I’m using Siri. I hardly ever use Apple’s virtual assistant on iPhone and my use of her on Mac is pretty low – only reserved for searching out document types, when needed. AirPods double-tap gesture being able to be configured to invoke the assistant, though, I predict is going to serve as a widely welcome addition – especially if you happen to be subscribed to Apple Music. The sheer convenience of invoking Siri and asking her to “add this to my library,” and then be greeted with confirmation from the assistant that she had added what I was currently listening to, to My Music – I’m not going to lie, that has completely revolutionised my Beats 1 listening experience. Of course, much of the Siri-powered functionality offered by Apple’s AirPods is available directly on the iPhone, Mac or Apple Watch. But the convenience of having the assistant at your beckon call -with results of commands issued sent directly to your ear- really has to be experienced to be understood. Plus, using Apple’s double-tap gesture looks (and feels) like pure science-fiction in this respect – if a little hard to get used to where to tap, at first. Control Which leads me to gracefully segway onto the topic of control. Having truly-wireless earbuds in your ears poses a few issues, the main one being staying aware of your environment when needed. This generally requires control over your earbuds’ volume – and given AirPods feature no physical controls, you’re left with either manually adjusting volume from your connected device – or using Siri. This is one of the major pitfalls of the product for me, personally. While I enjoy the ‘gimmick’ of using Siri to adjust volume, it shouldn’t be needed – and the lag introduced for a once ‘simple’ interaction is borderline unacceptable. I’m not sure how Apple would solve this issue — perhaps introducing a ‘single tap’ gesture that could be programmed, set and used for increase and decrease of the volume level in the future? … I’m not sure, but I’d wager that would definitely work better than Apple’s current volume control implementation. Owning an Apple Watch helps negate this step, somewhat. In addition, I loath having to choose between using Siri – and being able to easily and quickly pause and play what I’m listening to. In this regard, I agree with the reviewer in AppleInsider’s recent video look – who suggests the separating out of these actions to each of the two earbuds, could help this aspect of the AirPods experience. Final Thoughts Apple’s truly-wireless world is here — and it’s clear that AirPods signal the beginning of something that could be huge, going forward. That being the ridding of wires from almost all aspects of the technology we use on a daily basis. Yes, wireless earphones are not new. But what Apple is trying to do here is admirable and there is definitely evidence of some serious thought having gone into the development of the AirPods. However, they’re not perfect. At least, not yet. One firmware update in, and I can sit here and tell you that AirPods are great for everyday tasks – such as listening to music, podcasts and even voice recording (if that’s your thing). But if you’re looking for flawless listening – you sadly won’t find it here. Apple’s AirPods are suffering from the very thing that makes them what they are: Being wireless. Quite simply, bluetooth technology today hasn’t advanced to a level where it can be relied upon for flawless listening and/or connection in a ‘truly wireless’ environment. If you’re looking for that, the semi-wireless BeatsX might be worth a shot. Or failing that, the wired can-be-wireless Beats Studio. But if you’re thinking of buying Apple’s AirPods for the convenience factor, and the thought of having access to Siri with just a double-tap on something in your ear excites you, there’s no question that -even with Siri’s current slight lag- AirPods will do what you want them to do. As with everything Apple, this is version one … and for Gen 1, AirPods are pretty good at what they do. In time, I’m sure they will improve. Right now, they’re good at some things and not so good at others. Continue Reading You may also like... These Earphones Let You Charge Your iPhone 7 While You Listen! Dirty Dancing Turns 30: Special “Collector’s Edition” Hits iTunes ‘Planet Of The Apps’ Looks Like Shark Tank — On Steroids [WATCH] Returning This Week: Prince, Blondie …and More! [LISTEN] Related Topics:#RAZMAG, 72 Hrs, AirPods, Apple, Apple Music, Comfort, Control, Directions, Earphones, Featured, Feel, Fit, Function, Maps, Music, RazorianFly, Review, Sound, Sound Quality, The AirPod Effect, The AirPods Effect, Wireless Earbuds Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Apple Apple Apple’s Carpool Karaoke Gets First Trailer [WATCH] By Arron Hirst13th Feb 17 2:48 pm Apple on Sunday debuted the first trailer for its anticipated Carpool Karaoke spin-off series, which will... Apple AppleInsider Posts “Long-Term” Review of Apple’s AirPods [VIDEO] By Arron Hirst8th Feb 17 9:00 am The Apple-watching site having tested the company’s wireless earbuds for over a month, says that it... Apple As Global AirPods Shortage Continues, Online Auction Prices Rise … By Arron Hirst8th Feb 17 5:37 am Whether or not the current stock availability surrounding Apple’s AirPods is down to actual consumer sales,... Apple Tech Giants Work To Pen Letter Opposing Trump Immigration Order By Arron Hirst2nd Feb 17 11:19 am It’s no secret that Silicon Valley has been expressly vocal about its complete opposition to the... Apple AirPods Bumped To Software Version 3.5.1 By Arron Hirst2nd Feb 17 8:34 am Owners of Apple’s wireless earbuds may be excited to hear that the firm quietly updated the... Apple Apple Sets All-Time Records for iPhone, Mac and Apple Watch By Arron Hirst31st Jan 17 11:11 pm As expected, Apple has posted its earnings results for the first quarter of 2017. Apple Apple FY Q1, 2017 Earnings Preview By Arron Hirst30th Jan 17 11:31 pm Currently expected to announce its fiscal Q1 earnings results for 2017 – tomorrow, AboveAvalon on Monday... Apple Tim Cook Just Sold Another 30,000 $AAPL Shares… By Arron Hirst28th Jan 17 10:15 pm The Apple CEO just offloaded his second batch of shares … in the space of a... Apple This Service Claims To Turn Your AirPods Black … (No, Srsly). By Arron Hirst27th Jan 17 10:47 pm So after weeks and months of waiting — you finally got your hands on Apple’s iconic... The RAZBlast™ A weekly roundup of what's new, breaking and trending — Coming Summer 2017. Get in early and subscribe today ... It's FREE! Email Address Buy Now on Amazon UK Weekly Pick (iPhone) Version: 1.8.1 iPhone + iPad Galaxy Legend FREE Trending Now App Store The Ultimate List Of Valentines Day iOS App Sales iPhone These Earphones Let You Charge Your iPhone 7 While You Listen! Music Returning This Week: Prince, Blondie …and More! [LISTEN] TV ‘Planet Of The Apps’ Looks Like Shark Tank — On Steroids [WATCH] Deals Dirty Dancing Turns 30: Special “Collector’s Edition” Hits iTunes iTunes Now On iTunes: Legion, S1. Premiere Episode. Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Wearables | That's a word, right? Music | Beats 1 ... and beyond. TV | See what's hot on the big-screen. Movies | ... and the silver screen! You May Also Like … Vine Updates With Faster Video Playback On iPhone, (Even When Offline) Cue On How Apple Pay Will Work On Apple Watch Kuo: AMOLED, Wireless Charging Coming To iPhone in 2017. Two Dollar Tuesday: “NetSpot Wi-Fi Reporter” Drops From $49.99 “Pokémon GO” Has Officially Taken Over The U.S ﻿﻿﻿﻿ Top PAID BUY Minecraft: Pocket Edition BUY OK Golf BUY Enlight More Charts ﻿﻿﻿﻿ Top FREE GET Bitmoji - Your Personal Emoji GET Chameleon Run GET Snapchat More Charts Hot Movies Explore these trending movies. ﻿ BUY Doctor Strange (2016) $19.99 BUY Arrival $14.99 BUY The Edge of Seventeen $14.99 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. Emoji art supplied by EmojiOne. version 10.0 To Top
Skip to main content The Straits Times Tech Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Samsung No. 2 here despite Note7 fallout Samsung's popularity with consumers continued to grow last year, seemingly unscathed by the Note7 fallout. In Singapore, it accounted for 31 per cent of the 3.4 million smartphones shipped here last year, up from 28 per cent in 2015. Globally, it maintained its lead, followed by Apple and Huawei.ST PHOTO: KUA CHEE SIONG PublishedFeb 13, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4e4E Copy Irene Tham Tech Editor itham@sph.com.sg Even with the largest recall in mobile phone history, Samsung continued to grow on consumers, with its name on nearly one in every three smartphones that made their way to Singapore last year. The latest data from market research firm IDC showed that Samsung accounted for 31 per cent of the 3.4 million smartphones shipped here last year, up from 28 per cent in 2015, which makes it No. 2 in the country behind Apple. The figures excluded the Note7, which was recalled and scrapped following several reports of the phone emitting smoke or catching fire in the United States, South Korea and Australia. If not for the recall, Samsung's shipment could have been higher. The Note7 was to have been Samsung's best phone - slim and sleek, yet packed with the most advanced features and a long battery life. It received rave reviews until the faults came to light. IDC Asia-Pacific research manager Kiranjeet Kaur said: "The way Samsung handled the refund in Singapore and the region limited the damage of the recall." TOP SMARTPHONE BRANDS IN 2016 Top 5 vendors in Singapore 1. Apple 2. Samsung 3. Asus 4. Sony 5. LG Top 5 vendors in the world 1. Samsung 2. Apple 3. Huawei 4. Oppo 5. vivo Source: IDC ASIA-PACIFIC Manufacturing and design faults with the Note7 batteries were to blame for the fires, according to Samsung and several independent investigation findings revealed earlier this month. Globally, 2.5 million units were recalled, with tens of thousands affected in Singapore. It remains to be seen if consumers will take to the upcoming Note8. Some Note7 users switched to another brand after collecting their refund. Investor relations consultant Ngo Yit Sung, 35, said he switched to the Huawei Mate 9. However, retiree Herman Chia, 64, said he would consider buying the Note8 if the battery problem is resolved. "From my Note7 experience, the photo quality is really good," he said. Meanwhile, Apple's share shrank even though it continued to dominate Singapore's saturated smartphone market overall, shipping the most number of phones here last year. The iPhone maker accounted for 46 per cent of smartphones shipped to Singapore last year, easing from 47.6 per cent in 2015. IDC's figures include products shipped to Singapore that traders and tourists take to other nearby markets. Globally, both Samsung and Apple lost market share while up-and-coming China brands Huawei and Oppo gained more of the growing global smartphone market. IDC figures showed that Samsung maintained its global lead, followed by Apple, Huawei and Oppo. In Singapore, Asus, Sony and LG took the remaining top-five spots. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on February 13, 2017, with the headline 'Samsung No. 2 here despite Note7 fallout'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  SMARTPHONES SAMSUNG NOTE7 More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4e4E Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017feb13_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Personal Data Protection: Priority For Hospital Community Fund st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping Instant Hair Magic & Giveaway for the lucky ones! Win an iPhone 7 when you shop on Qoo10 with Citibank Card! Feel Refreshed with 1 Litre Dove Soap at $4.80! Want RAINBOW SPEAKERS? QX Quick Delivers in 3 Hrs! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Why fake news is a huge threat to democracy and both Apple and the rest of us need to respond Trending in Apple W1 Bluetooth wireless headphones compared: Apple AirPods, Beats Solo3, Powerbeats3 & BeatsX Trending in Apple Top BeatsX features: A hands-on look at the highly anticipated W1-powered earphones [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: Unless Apple pulls a rabbit from the hat, inductive wireless charging is too little too late Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: Higher power output turned my Mac into a charging hub for my holiday Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name March 2, 2015 Opinion: Apple TV should get these 10 updates at next week’s event, but probably won’t Jeremy Horwitz - Mar. 2nd 2015 1:37 pm PT @horwitz Feature Apple TV Opinion Comments (74) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Nearly eight years have passed since Apple released the first-generation Apple TV, a product originally hyped as “something really special” but quickly demoted to a “hobby” after initial sales fizzled. The second-generation version arrived with much less fanfare in late 2010, and the modestly tweaked third-generation model got a mere five-minute launch at a March event three years ago. Since then, there’s been plenty of evidence that Apple was working on updated hardware, a major partnership with cable companies, and major new content deals, but apart from the quiet addition of new channels, nothing’s actually happened. Since total Apple TV sales remain soft by comparison with Apple’s other product lines, next week’s fashion-focused and celebrity-packed Apple Watch special event would be a great opportunity to launch an updated Apple TV to a broader audience. The current-generation Apple TV is older than its predecessor was when Apple replaced it, and there are at least 10 software and hardware tweaks that could fundamentally improve the Apple TV experience. Here’s our list of 5 features Apple TV really needs, and 5 features it would really benefit from having… What Apple TV Needs 1. Unified Search. The absence of an Apple TV-wide, unified search feature is increasingly hurting the growth potential of the device. With every additional channel Apple allows onto the device’s main menu, the number of doorways leading to content increases; once you enter a doorway to a content aggregator such as Yahoo Screen, KOR-TV, or Hulu, you’re confronted with even more possible paths to take. It’s gotten to the point where users can spend as much time navigating through menus as actually watching shows. A unified search feature — at a minimum including titles, cast/crew names, and description field searches — would dramatically improve the Apple TV in a flash. It would be even better with… 2. Better (If Alternate) UI Navigation. Even if we accept that the Apple TV’s packed-in Apple Remote is a necessary first-level menu navigation tool, that doesn’t preclude Apple from leveraging iPhones, iPads, or iPod touches for an alternate navigation scheme. It could be voice searches, but it could also be a mirroring of the Apple TV UI on the iOS device’s screen. Back in 2007 or even 2010, relying on an iPhone as an input device seemed like a rich man’s luxury, and Apple’s underdeveloped iOS app Remote expanded only a little on the free physical remote. Today, iOS devices are so ubiquitous that there’s no excuse not to use them more heavily for fully rethought input. 3. Game Controller Support. Video gaming is annually a $100 billion business. Games are the largest individual category in the App Store, representing over 20% of the 1.4 million titles available for download. People love to play games on their TVs, and love to play games on their iOS devices. The lack of proper Apple TV support for this has been a glaring omission for years, and although there are now Bluetooth iOS game controllers, Apple hasn’t tied them directly into the Apple TV. That needs to change. 4. More Horsepower. The single-core A5 inside the Apple TV is now several generations behind the A7 and A8 devices most of Apple’s customers are using. In theory, that doesn’t mean much — the Apple TV doesn’t need to run all the same apps as an iPad — but if the Apple TV is going to handle next-gen AirPlay Mirroring and streaming, play current-generation iOS games, or offer features such as Siri and FaceTime, it will need more horsepower. 5. More Memory. In addition to more video RAM, the Apple TV could really use additional flash storage space to hold games and more complex apps. Some months ago, Apple’s web site began to use the phrase “Starting at $99” rather than “Only $99” for the Apple TV’s price. This typically only happens when Apple offers more than one model, and most of the time when those models differ in storage capacity.   What Apple TV Should Get, Too 6. A La Carte Cable Channels. This one’s been rumored for the past year and seems inevitable given HBO’s very-near-term plans to offer direct subscription-based access to its content, but the killer app for Apple TV is still great content. People want to pay for that content (if at all) on a monthly, all-you-can-eat basis rather than by the individual episode. Apple knows this and needs to make it happen. 7. A Camera. Either packed in or as an accessory, a FaceTime camera for video calling is a natural addition to the Apple TV. Gesture controls like Xbox One? Augmented reality like PlayStation 4? Both are optional at best, and probably not worth having. But video calling should not be restricted to iOS devices and Macs. 8. 4K Support. This is in the “should” category rather than the “must” category solely because Apple so infrequently updates the Apple TV — at the current rate, a 2015 update probably wouldn’t be tweaked until 2018. Ultra HD 4K televisions aren’t ubiquitous yet, but they’ll grow in popularity over the next few years, so Apple TV hardware support for the standard would be forward-thinking. 9. Better Wireless. The Apple TV would really benefit from 802.11ac support, particularly for smoother AirPlay streaming from 802.11ac-compatible iOS devices. Without improved Wi-Fi (and even with it), streaming 4K video is going to be a challenge. 10. A HomeKit App. Apple has already announced that the Apple TV will in some way be involved in managing HomeKit accessories. An app for HomeKit accessories — along with a proper interface for controlling them — is even more inevitable (though less exciting) than support for Apple TV games. That said, the latest reports suggest that HomeKit accessories won’t be ready to ship until later in 2015, perhaps around the same time as WWDC in June. If the Apple TV is going to be a part of the system, this could make a later-in-the-year update more likely. What do you think Apple should add to the Apple TV? And when? Use the comments area below to share your thoughts! Guides Apple TV View THe Guide Opinion pieces & commentary View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. dougfrost2014 - 2 years ago Reply How about giving us a web browser? Dylan Bystedt (@djbystedt) - 2 years ago Reply It’s not a computer. And there’s Airplay if you’re just looking for a bigger screen. dougfrost2014 - 4 days ago My phone isn’t a computer either, yet it has a web browser (and a much smaller screen). sverrirp (@sverrirp) - 2 years ago Reply 11. Better support for local media. Sharing videos from iTunes doesn’t cut it. Roku, Amazon Fire TV, PS4 and Xbox One all support Plex, so it would be nice to have it without the need to use PlexConnect. Dobie Tanpaw (@lildobe) - 2 years ago Reply Yes, I agree here. Screen sharing and iTunes sharing just don’t cut it when it comes to playing local media. I’d love to have the Plex option and be able to dump my HTPC all together in favor of an AppleTV crichton007 - 2 years ago Reply I agree. Plex is my most used app on my Roku (which I use far more than my Apple TV). I think this ties in with A La Carte channels because Apple TV should support apps which could include channels, games, true apps, etc. The main issue I see with this is that iOS devices (iPhone and iPad) have a pretty large audience. Apple TV was one of the first devices of it’s kind in this space but little has been done with it while Roku, Google, Amazon and others have come in and clearly put a lot of effort into making compelling products while Apple appears to have ramped up their “walled garden” system for getting content onto Apple TV. Beyond that the other thing I think others have nailed and Apple has not changed is their remotes. I’m ok with the layout of the current Apple TV remote (although I’m still very surprised that Apple doesn’t offer an Apple TV remote app too) but it is still an IR blaster and pretty much everyone else uses a more useful technology that relies radios rather than photons. I’d be willing to bet that we’ll get a new Apple TV sooner or later especially when Home Kit is ready for a big push from Apple but until then my Apple TV pretty much sits unused until I want to watch a video I bought from iTunes. Randy March - 2 years ago Reply Fantastic opinion piece. hiddendwarf - 2 years ago Reply I guess you missed point 0 in your top 10 : 0. AppStore. with more horspower, more ram, controller support, homekit “involvement”, it would be such a killer feature to have a store in that small box. Scott (@ScooterComputer) - 2 years ago Reply Would be nice if Apple got the hint (from recent networking players like Eero, Meraki, and D-Link) and made the AppleTV capable of pulling double-duty as a Wi-Fi extender. Double-plus-good if they do 5GHz backhaul mesh and 2.4GHz WLAN (which the current crop of Airport does not really do well; use both 5GHz and 2.4GHz bands for WDS, which halves overall bandwidth). berdelyi - 2 years ago Reply Makes sense that AppleTV functionality could be merged with the AirPort line. Fallenjt JT - 2 years ago Reply Hub for homekit and entertainment center with full iOS support and 4K capable. That would be enough. berdelyi - 2 years ago Reply I think the single most important missing feature is support for third-party apps. If developers could create apps for the Apple TV I think this would blowup the AppStore. Wether those apps are games or cool uses for HomeKit… let’s open it up. Julius Cruickshank - 2 years ago Reply 100% agree. No-one could have predicted when the original app store came out the popularity of some of the more bizarre apps that are successful on there. I just want the fishtank app playing playing like a motion wallpaper on my TV. spiralynth - 2 years ago Reply >> “… let’s open it up.” That’s what she said. berdelyi - 2 years ago I must have missed the bullet point suggesting it be opened up for third-party development. There were more specific points… but no AppStore mentioned. It would be amazing to see the type of apps others would develop. Matt Byers - 2 years ago Reply Needs SlingTV app berdelyi - 2 years ago Reply More Live TV. A builtin TV antenna would be very cool. Will Warren - 2 years ago Reply HDMI INPUT and OUTPUT so it could overlay on top of a cable box, much like the sony google tv did. Paul - 2 years ago Reply Other than updated specs, which is inevitable, this is the option that I want. nonyabiness - 2 years ago Reply You nailed it Jeremy- ATv would be MUCH better if Apple would implement #1 & #2. htisch76 - 2 years ago Reply That would be amazing to have your TV turned into a large screen for FaceTime. Also the gaming is a no brainer, should have been done years ago, so should have haing the ability to access the App Store so you could choose your own channels to watch! friedmud1 - 2 years ago Reply FaceTime works now… just use AirPlay while facetiming. I do it all the time with my parents… I just set my phone/iPad by the TV – works great! htisch76 - 2 years ago I’ve never seen or noticed the AirPlay option when face timing. Thanks! Jay Woda (@jaywoda) - 2 years ago Reply How about a unified process to authenticate channels subscriptions. Setting up the Apple TV w my Cable subscriber takes 30 min.. Channels unregistered and randomly I receive no audio. I have to then authenticate the device for Showtime, ESPN & Disney. braytonak - 2 years ago Reply Whatever they do, they better damn well make sure ‘it just works’ before shipping the product. I’m on my second Apple TV and it misbehaves as much as the one I replaced. The mentioned features are good ideas, but they’re nothing if they’re as flaky as the current setup. (I could elaborate if anyone wishes.) berdelyi - 2 years ago Reply I’d like to hear what isn’t working and why. braytonak - 2 years ago As I briefly mentioned, this is my second Apple TV because I thought the first one must have been dying, but nothing improved by replacing it. I have issues with: 1. Starting in the past month, the unit will not wake up using an IR remote. I have to use the Apple Bluetooth keyboard to get its attention. 2. Apps will crash and dump me at the home screen. Netflix, HBO Go and Crackle are the only ones I use. Nearly everything else is hidden. This isn’t frequent but it happens. 3. The unit proudly exclaims that it’s not connected to the Internet, yet it is. Ping test monitoring shows that it’s constantly replying. It’s wired to a Time Capsule. Power cycling fixes this for a while. No other devices on the network complain and the patch cord has been replaced. (The previous unit did this, too.) 4. By far the most annoying, because I try to use the feature, is that AirPlay audio and AirPlay mirroring flake out, stutter and quit, whether from my phone (8.1.3) or OS X (10.9.5 and 10.10.2). I’ve tried adjusting features that force the unit to stream audio directly out of my phone instead of streaming by itself from the Internet. Doesn’t seem to change anything. Paul Horne - 2 years ago I have a similar experience to Braytonak — ATV is buggy and slow. It crashes and returns to the home screen, or it stops mid-movie and spins for several minutes or until I restart (on very fast 200+ WiFi). I also have to usually press the remote button 3-5 times before it registers a click. I should say I’m an Apple fanboy, was a Mac consultant for 15 years and have had every iteration of the ATV since it launched. But I’m tired of defending and apologizing for the ATV. I just got a Roku and it’s so much smarter and faster. The remote is super responsive, it’s got global search, and I can plug headphones into the remote for silent viewing. I cut the cable cord last month and surprisingly, survived with Hulu and Netflix. But I’m used to having best in class of everything with Apple products — sadly, they just aren’t the best streaming box. I also have an Amazon fire stick, which was also a better experience than ATV (didn’t need it, but it was only $20 for Prime members so I figured I’d try it out). They need a MAJOR refresh — I think they’d need ALL these upgrades mentioned in order to be considered a player. I’m assuming something big is coming, but we’ve been assuming that for years and meanwhile they went from a leader to a follower in this market. PMZanetti - 2 years ago Reply AppleTV is the most reliable product they’ve shipped yet. Dave (@AppleSeeder) - 2 years ago Reply More than other Apple products, the ATV is a multi-user product- meaning anyone in the family can use it. If they do open it up to app developers, I think they need to also create user accounts linked to iOS devices. That way when I walk into OUR TV room. with MY iPhone and fire up ATV, MY channels, games, music appear. e.g. content aware user screens. This would be amazing. cjt3007 - 2 years ago Reply and what happens when two or more people walk in the room… it explodes because it tries to bring up everyone’s stuff? Norm Johnson - 2 years ago Or it just intelligently pics whatever is the default profile or asks you which of the two you’d like to launch. There are many possibilities. Merrill Fratkin - 2 years ago Reply Apple is really letting such an easy category for them to languish unnecessarily. I’ve recommended that a number of my friends that have asked about these types of devices get a Roku (which is a good idea anyway because they are independent and that is such a dying breed these days) unless they specifically have the need to work with their other Apple devices. Not one bought an Apple TV. Christopher Armenia - 2 years ago Reply The Apple TV has so much potential, its unbelievable that Apple has’t expanded on it more. Bump the hardware specs (A7 or A8, more RAM, and some local storage), open an ATV App Store to developers and integrate bluetooth gaming controllers, and add support for 3D/4K streaming content from Netflix/iTunes and you would have an entertainment powerhouse. And lets kill the current UI while we’re at it. Its really gotten to be a mess the last couple years. It reminds me of iOS 3 before we had folders. tomtubbs - 2 years ago Reply #11- working AirPlay Toro Volt (@torovolt) - 2 years ago Reply You forgot CEC-HDMI. For a better integration with TVs and Remote Controllers. I’m surprised Apple TV doesnt have this yet even the cheapest DVD player has it and is very useful. brockbruce - 2 years ago Reply I use my comcast remote to control my AppleTV more than my iPhone or Apple remote. Tylor Sweeney - 2 years ago Reply My shortlist: 1. App Store access. Separate the core iTunes and Apple apps from third-party services and allow developers to integrate their own branded UIs on the platform (it’s not debatable that the Netflix and YouTube apps on Apple TV are pretty shit compared to other platforms). 2. A new model with improved specs: 802.11ac is a must, as is a 64-bit processor (A8X would be the best candidate) and at least 2GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. 3. Games. In addition to allowing Netflix and the like to build their own TV-optimized apps for distribution, game developers should be able to target the Apple TV. The only issue here is game controls, but… 4. Game controller support and an official Apple controller. Not only should iOS 7’s MFi controller support be extended to the Apple TV, but Apple should jump in the ring and build a reference controller for about the same $50-$60 price as the Xbox One and PS4 controllers. 5. Unified Search with improved UI navigation. The Apple TV needs a Google- and Roku-like unified search to surface content across apps installed on the system, not just Apple’s iTunes ecosystem. Plus, Siri needs to be backed into the platform to allow for easy voice search using the Apple Remote (rebuilt with a mic and Siri button) or the Remote app for iOS. The UI itself also needs to be updated, preferably to be in line with the Android TV and Fire TV interfaces (I personally think Apple’s TV interface is really terrible). If Apple were to do all of this and release a new Apple TV model, I’d pick it up and be a devout Apple TV user. My preferred model lineup: $99 – Apple TV w/ included Apple Remote (now with Siri) [A8X, 2GB RAM, 32GB] $149 – Apple TV w/ included Apple Remote and Apple Controller [A8X, 2GB RAM, 32GB] $199 – Apple TV w/ included Apple Remote and Apple Controller [A8X, 2GB RAM, 64GB] Administrator - 2 years ago Reply Who cares? I bought an ATV3 2 1/2 years ago. Then it was a toss up whether it or the Roku was the better choice. Now it is no contest, with the Roku 3 far surpassing the ATV3 and with the Amazon Fire TV also providing a superior streaming box. Now, its competitors offer Sling TV, which Apple TV doesn’t have. Apple has allowed Apple TV to grow mold. Absent a stunning update, I expect it to continue to lose market share. This is a product category which Apple should own but has chosen to be largely passive in. Will Wilson (@socialwill) - 2 years ago Reply You mentioned games and the current generation of A8 series chips is almost on par with some console games. What if Apple took this to the next level and placed dual A8 chips in the box and gave a major boost in processing power? In addition to games I would agree that the UI needs to be updated to make it easier to get to things. When this UI launched it was quick and easy, but now with additional providers that UI is becoming complex and in some ways “dull” with white text on a black background. Personally I would like to see them open up the UI options for app creators to do more. Last idea is make it a “life device” that would give you options for multitasking such as checking the weather or sports while watching Netflix. Something more than just an iTunes front end. Inaba-kun (@Inaba_kun) - 2 years ago Reply The A8X is, with a following wind and the right content, just about on par with an Xbox 360. That’s a 9 year old console. To compete with a PS4, you need a desktop class mid-range GPU, which which represents a performance level mobile GPUs won’t be able for match for another 4 or 5 years. RP - 2 years ago Reply Hulu, Netflix and ESPN give me most everything i want, my last thing to be forever free of cable tv would be a live news channel brianlbaker - 2 years ago Reply Sling TV gives you ESPN, ESPN2, and CNN, as well as others, and works well via AirPlay. Rohan Gupta - 2 years ago Reply Great article. Agree with all of it. o0smoothies0o - 2 years ago Reply I had a thought, considering the fact that Apple made 3 Watch models, I could see them doing similar with a new Apple TV, when they take it out of hobby status and put it alongside their major product list. I think they’ll rebrand it to TV, but I had the thought that it’s feasible that they release 3 separate devices. TV – reimagining of TV experience with all necessary content coming from it, along with casual gaming, and act as the hub for homekit devices. Also is a powerful router that can beam multiple streams of content. TV Play – same as TV except much more expensive, with internals that compare to PS4/Xbox One in gaming capability so that hardcore games can be made. Includes Controller fully designed by them. Also can stream games. TV Pod – smaller, much cheaper, simpler device, that can be hooked up to other TVs throughout your house to display a stream of content from the central TV. And of course iCloud TV to view content online at iCloud.com, and across all iOS and OS X devices, and with handoff integration so you could be watching on your iPhone, get home, and in the bottom left of your TV screen or iPad lock screen is the content ready to continue right where you stopped. eimbier - 2 years ago Reply The Apple TV box or iTVCast (like Chromecast) could have three new features to make it a more useful set-top device: 1> A Safari browser with a good bookmarking system to categorize and play online videos. 2> A way to play iPhone/iPad games on the big screen. 3> A USB3 port to play videos from a Flash drive including ones bought from the iTunes Store. jamadest - 2 years ago Reply 4K should be mandatory. This is the year for it’ll take off…CES2015 proved it. philboogie - 2 years ago Reply Complete and utterly useless option. Without hardly any content out there, there simply is no go-to-market-strategy. 4K is a long way out. I mean, a whole generation before it’s globally widespread. Heck, 1080p is still in it’s infancy. Those who want 4k are simply spec-sheet-ejaculators. Walter A. (@freediverx) - 2 years ago Couldn’t agree more. There is very little 4K content out there, plus I’ve stood in front of massive 4K TVs and have had a hard time appreciating the difference from 1080P. Totally not worth the cost of the TV, nor the overhead on bandwidth and storage. 4K is almost as useless as 3D. It will eventually become the new normal when a) 4k content is widely available and b) 4K TVs cost as little as 1080p models cost today. Of all the things Apple needs to focus on for the next gen Apple TV, this is DEAD LAST. David Schripsema (@davidschripsema) - 2 years ago Agreed. The point is further driven home by the vast amount of 8K TVs shown off at CES 2015. Beyond that, I read an article (I forget where now…) discussing the fact that for 4K to even take off, most major production houses will need to fully upgrade their entire infrastructure since they don’t have the internal bandwidth to handle it using their current workflows. Everything was created/optimized around 1080p content, and the demand for 4k content just isn’t there. I have a decent 1080p 46″ display in my living room and from a comfortable viewing distance (~9′), I can see zero pixels and zero difference between that and a comparable 4K or even 8K TV. I have zero motivation to upgrade, and would purchase a higher-quality (better color/contrast/SIPS) 1080p TV before I spent the money to upgrade to 4K – and have encouraged many friends who are looking to purchase new TVs to do likewise. Wait for 8K to become widespread and then either pick one of those up, or grab a 4K at current 1080p prices. I’d wager it’s 5 years before 4K/8K content becomes the norm. People think buffering 720p Netflix content is bad… Which brings up the whole OTHER argument about broadband speeds… friedmud1 - 2 years ago Reply #2 is already implemented… get the “Remote” App… gkbrown - 2 years ago Reply The Remote app is terrible. Talk about a “hobby” project. It’s buggy and the UI is poorly designed. Christian Oestreich (@c_oestreich) - 2 years ago Reply A decent remote app is my no.1 wish. In my opinion, the interaction model on the current app is complete nonsense: At the moment, I interact with a touchscreen but I do not see the interaction on the small screen; instead the touchscreen controls highlighted elements on the large tv display (and these highlighted elements are the equivalent of a selection via a mousepointer). Such an indirect mode of interaction is not the usage paradigm for the iPhone – it is a badly implemented 1:1 replacement of a conventional display-less remote. A direct way of interaction would be: The entire interface is presented on the iPhone/iPad and all the interaction happens there directly. What is displayed on the TV is not essential to the interaction (e.g. an adapted view for a TV screen but essentially passive). Once I hit the play button on the iPhone/iPad touchscreen, the movie starts on the TV. Ian Eiloart - 2 years ago Reply In the UK, it really needs BBC iPlayer. And, since the BBC is in need of additional or alternative sources of income: this should be a paid option for non-UK subscribers, too. Other UK catch-up TV options should be provided, too: like 4oD. Inaba-kun (@Inaba_kun) - 2 years ago Reply Not just iPlayer, the list of missing UK apps is gigantic. It’s telling that a gaming focussed device like the PS4 had more UK streaming apps on its launch day than Apple have managed to accumulate in several years of being on the market. Bizarre too that there’s no Amazon Instant Video app, given the popularity of the service in several countries. Inaba-kun (@Inaba_kun) - 2 years ago Reply The most obvious omission is an app store, and not just for games, but for anything. At the moment unless you live in the US the amount of local content on the ATV is next to nothing. By contrast the iPad and the iPhone have every local streaming service imaginable. Per-Oddmund (@peroddmund) - 2 years ago Reply In regards to games and app store access: I think apple is waiting for their A-chips (together with Metal) to be powerfull enough to support 4K games with really killer graphic. When they release something, they would want to leapfrog anything out there. Possible they are experimenting/working on a “groundbreaking input device” to separate them self from the current gaming system. If its just going to be another gaming system? they would want to release something new. All the standard ingredients are already available: Quite powerfull chips, thousands of game with bluetooth controller support, and app store with millions of accounts with credit card. But if they realised this it would just be a(nother?) mediocre solution, nothing revolutionary and nothing leapfrogging whats already out there….thats not what apple usually wants/does. Inaba-kun (@Inaba_kun) - 2 years ago Reply Unless you’re talking about playing basic 2D games in 4K, then you can put that out of your mind completely. Even top end PC GPUs struggle to run games at 4K, so a mobile GPU like an A8X stands absolutely no chance. Trian Karayiannis (@TKarayiannis) - 2 years ago Reply Mirroring the ATV’s UI in our iPhones is something very welcome. I keep a TV connected to the ATV only to browse the menus until I hit my desired internet radio station. And it’s Internet Radio only, because… …my ATV won’t allow me to browse the stuff I keep on my NAS. No, this is Apple and everything has to go through the iTunes pinhole. Tim doesn’t like NASes. No, Tim, thanks. Keep the next ATV in your hobby department. When you decide to give it a decent set of REAL features, we’ll talk again Walter A. (@freediverx) - 2 years ago Reply You missed a feature I consider second only to Unified Search… “Favorite Shows” Apple TV should provide users a way to mark favorite shows from different channels and then access those shows directly from a dedicated, uncluttered screen. That screen should keep track of which episodes have already been watched, and/or display badges and/or notifications to highlight new episodes. It’s ridiculous to have to repeatedly wade through countless screens of junk in search of one show you watch regularly. Jedi knight (@mac_demon2) - 2 years ago Reply I think Apple TV is lame, and am considering getting rid of it as I don’t really use it anymore. Why don’t they just drop it from their product line-up?? Sigurður Stefán Flygenring - 2 years ago Reply App Store and a gigabit ethernet! Harley Lunar - 2 years ago Reply how about BBC iplayer! so crazy its not on apple TV Robert A Jones - 2 years ago Reply I’ve been saying Apple needs to add games and apps to the AppleTV since the first AppleTV. efalconwebsite - 2 years ago Reply when is the release in UAE? Graham Rosenberg - 2 years ago Reply Shrink the size to a thumb drive (maybe a little bigger) and have it plug directly into an HDMI port and draw power from the TV Bryan Hoke - 2 years ago Reply Imagine an Apple TV remote — same form factor as the ones now — that you point at the screen to control a cursor (like the Wii does) and which also supports touch gestures (e.g., swiping, tapping) to interact with the UI. PMZanetti - 2 years ago Reply Yeah that sounds putrid. No one wants that. The real opportunity is using iPhones and iPads as better remotes than they are today. Instead of touch screen canvas to swipe as it is now….it needs to be an App that is itself the entire AppleTV UI. You interact with the native app as if it were any other iOS app…but everything you do is controlling the AppleTV. You find, select, and play content that way. PMZanetti - 2 years ago Reply Really great article. I’d glad that unified search is #1 because I couldn’t agree more. I am never gonna browse these Apps/Channels that I’ve never heard of looking for content….I should be able to perform a global search for “XYZ” TV Show or Movie, and get a list of results of where it exists. Then a one-click Go To / Play from there. That said, most of the content on AppleTV is useless because it requires a cable subscription. I’ll pay $x.xx/mon for each channel that I see the value in, but I am not subscribing to cable and paying $xx.xx/mon for a bunch of shit that no human being should be exposed to. Stephen (@step7777) - 2 years ago Reply Apple needs to simply make their TV have the same capabilities as all the other players. And then some, because it’s Apple. I need to be able to play my videos and my DVDs streaming from my computer or even better, icloud. I can do this with all the others, even Amazon’s weak entry Fire TV tries to do this with the Plex app. It fails miserably as the Plex support pages will clearly show. I don’t know why they won’t improve the Fire TV really fast rather than give all the refunds people are claiming they are getting as a last resort. Alan Twist Andrews - 2 years ago Reply Apple TV should get Siri, also should get the ability to present a morning dashboard of your schedule, weather and traffic to go with the morning coffee bennynihon - 2 years ago Reply Sigh. You forgot a HUGE feature that nearly all media players inexplicably lack. The ability to play a movie at its native frame rate of 24 fps. This is a feature DVD players had 10 years ago. No movie enthusiast should stand for the mess of judder that results from fitting 24 Hz video into 60 Hz video output. This HAS to be on the Apple TV 4 to be taken seriously. The Boxee Box of all things supported 24p or 24 Hz video output. The Roku Stick I believe does. But none of the Apple TV, Google TV, or Amazon Fire TV products do. I find it very odd, since it’s akin to a music player not supporting a song’s native sampling rate (or something similar) and resampling it and distorting the audio output in the process. Γιώργος Δημητριάδης - 2 years ago Reply How about they buy from Firecore Infuse app and implimenting it to apple tv. Much better support of local media than anything else glideratio - 2 years ago Reply 11. Volume control. It’s insane that when using ATV with a large PC-monitor (without dedicated remote) instead of a TV, there’s no way of controlling the volume. You actually have to walk to your speakers and control it manually. Spotify is the only app I’ve seen so far that actually provides volume control during airplay streaming. All others (including Apple’s own apps) don’t support this. For instance, Google’s Youtube app doesn’t provide a volume slider while using Airplay to stream the video. Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 01:57 PM | 16 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,318162.01 NIFTY 50 8,77752.10 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,24198.00 USD/INR 66.920.01 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 100 points; Nifty50 nears 8,800 level Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW PM Narendra Modi's note ban move takes big bite out of Apple’s India plans, slashes revenue outlook to $2 billion By Writankar Mukherjee , ET Bureau | Updated: Feb 13, 2017, 10.40 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Tim Cook | iPhone | Galaxy | demonetisation | Apple More than 80% of iPhone sales in India – through online platforms and retail stores – were led by cash transactions, which virtually disappeared from December Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here KOLKATA: Apple’s iPhones are the latest casualty of demonetisation, which has put the company’s revenue and sales targets in jeopardy. After a cracker of sales in October-November, which heralded strong growth for that quarter, purchases of iPhones dwindled mainly because of the lack of cash, which had fuelled buying before demonetisation. That’s forced Apple to scale down its India revenue target to $2 billion for its fiscal year (October 2016-September 2017) from $3 billion. More than 80% of iPhone sales in India – through online platforms and retail stores – were led by cash transactions, which virtually disappeared from December, according to two senior industry executives. As a result, the target of selling 3 million iPhones this fiscal year, set by Apple CEO Tim Cook during his India visit in May 2016, is unlikely to be achieved, they said. According to estimates by market experts, Apple, based in Cupertino, California, shipped in 800,000 to 900,000 iPhones to India in the October-December quarter. Smartphone sales have fallen 30-35% since demonetisation, pulling down Apple’s growth rate by 50%, retailers said. “There is huge pressure on driving sales numbers, which is why there has been a never-before-seen flurry to launch consumer offers to push iPhone sales – be it bundling, cashback or buyback. However, this has pushed up the cost of selling, impacting the profit margin,” said one of the executives. The sales drop adds urgency to Apple’s plans to start making iPhones in India and offer them through its own stores, apart from selling refurbished devices, in a bid to boost revenue from the country. Apple declined to comment on the developments. The government scrapped high-denomination currency notes in November to combat unaccounted money. It also imposed curbs on cash withdrawals from banks and ATMs as it introduced new currency notes, forcing people to curb spending. The chief of a leading mobile phone retail chain said iPhone sales have been primarily cash-driven purchases, most often bought with unaccounted money. “Even after the government eases up the cash withdrawal limit in March, it will take a few more months for the situation to be back to pre-demonetisation days. And then Samsung’s next flagship will be launched, which will further impact iPhone sales,” he said. Apple posted record revenue in India in the October-December quarter, although demonetisation is “still definitely having some overhang”, Cook said during an earnings call this month. ET had earlier reported record sales of iPhone 7 and 7Plus in October due to the novelty factor, absence of rival Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 and a brief period of record sales immediately after demonetisation in November when consumers rushed to buy iPhones to use up their old currency notes. Apple posted sales of Rs 9,997 crore ($1.5 billion) in the fiscal year to March 2016, growing 54% from the year before. About 75% of Apple’s revenue is generated from iPhone sales, of which almost 45% comes in the October-December quarter due to the launch of new handsets and the festive season shopping. PROJECT EVEREST One executive said Apple’s focus on manufacturing in India is to push revenue in the country since the company’s lofty plans haven’t been fulfilled. Apple India launched an ambitious ‘Project Everest’ in 2013-14 to sell 10 million iPhones in India by 2016-2017, which remains a far cry. This project, developed with Boston Consulting Group, was aimed at expanding distribution to reach the 10 million sales figure. “Apple has realised that if it has to grow in India like in China, it would require both refurbished handsets since it can price them aggressively with company warranty terms, and also its own Apple Stores to redefine the entire selling and brand experience. Hence, by setting up local manufacturing, it will be able to start Apple retail and also expects government to then become sensitive to its refurbished handset selling plans,” said one executive. The government has not allowed Apple to sell refurbished handsets on concerns of e-waste and its impact on the ‘Make in India’ programme. The company has made a fresh pitch to the government to start selling such handsets. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB 10 people worst affected by Modi's anti corruption campaign CRITICSUNION Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Colombia 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Real Estate This Valentines' day discuss finances with your partner too 'Indians will keep on working in United States' From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times This game will keep you up all night! Stormfall: Age of War New Luxury Winchester Homes Winchester Homes Join us for a Model Tour Event & find a new home Westphalia Town Center Upper Marlboro’s Premier Resort-Style Community Ryan Homes Toshiba to unveil nuclear writedown as it scrambles for cash The Latest: Trump 'evaluating' Flynn-Russia situation Scooter's back, with new hero on road Foxconn, Nokia agree to revive Chennai plant READ MORE ON » Tim Cook | iPhone | Galaxy | demonetisation | Apple To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented How Infosys' Vishal Sikka disrupted organisation by moving CEO's office from Bengaluru to Palo Alto Wipro plans a reboot to show it’s much more than IT N Chandrasekaran is “listening and taking in different perspectives” as he prepares for top job Infosys board is a big letdown: Former CFO V Balakrishnan Seshasayee reaches out to founders, tries to contain damage More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex, Nifty Live|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
