Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Computers NVIDIA Releases NVIDIA Pascal GPU Drivers for Mac: So What? By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on April 7, 2017 01:11 PM Many PC gamers and enthusiasts will tell anyone that it is not a very good idea to game on a Mac. Apart from the somewhat outdated hardware, the laptops and computers are well-known for performance throttling when the going gets tough. However, many still try by relying on updates from third-party developers to release the updated device drivers for their hardware. This is basically what NVIDIA has done. Although Apple is now using AMD graphics cards on its current line of laptops and computers, there is still a tiny niche of eGPU and Hackintosh enthusiasts who need driver support for the latest NVIDIA Pascal graphics cards. The last time Apple used an NVIDIA graphics card on a Mac was back in 2013. And at the time, even the Mac Pro has already switched to an AMD graphics card. Only the MacBook Pro and iMac remained with NVIDIA; at least until the following year. Nevertheless, with NVIDIA releasing a slew of new drivers for the latest Pascal-based graphics cards, it is still relevant in today’s Mac computing. When does one use an NVIDIA graphics card on a Mac? As mentioned, Apple has already switched to AMD in terms of graphics cards. Nevertheless, there are many third-party hardware that enables users to sort of equip a Mac with an NVIDIA graphics card, and that is through eGPU hardware. Razer Core eGPU box (via razerzone.vom) Another way one can use the NVIDIA Pascal drivers is through what is called the Hackintosh. A Hackintosh is a hodgepodge of various common PC hardware that is made to run like a Mac. More details of it are discussed below. What is eGPU? An External Graphics Processing Unit or eGPU is a standalone piece of hardware that provides added graphical support to an existing PC system. Instead of installing a graphics card inside the actual computer, an eGPU provides the same feature as a proper graphics card albeit it is situated outside of the computer. The only link between the eGPU and the host computer is a length of cable: either Thunderbolt or USB. An eGPU helps boost system performance For a PC, it is quite easy to swap or replace a piece of hardware, for instance, a graphics card. However, on a Mac, since pretty much everything is custom made, there is really not a lot one can do to change the hardware in order to improve performance. Most of the time, Mac users are stuck with what Apple puts inside a Mac system, be it a MacBook Pro, iMac, or Mac Pro. However, those who want to add more graphics processing power to their existing Mac setup can do so by using an eGPU. AKiTiO Node eGPU box (via akitio.com) The eGPU will act as a standard graphics processor to a performance-constrained Mac. Right now, the most used interface port for an eGPU is either USB 3.1 to Thunderbolt 3. There are older eGPU systems that support Thunderbolt 2 as well. However, these systems can oftentimes introduce a bottleneck between the graphics card and the host computer due to slower data lines. So what if NVIDIA released Pascal drivers for the Mac? This is where it gets pretty interesting. At the moment, NVIDIA has the most powerful graphics card in the market. And it will be releasing another one pretty soon: the NVIDIA Titan Xp. Since Macs only support AMD processors and older NVIDIA graphics cards, the new ones, like the NVIDIA GTC 1050 to 1080 are still unsupported. This means, gamers are stuck in using the AMD graphics cards even if they have an eGPU hardware. Who else can benefit from the NVIDIA Pascal drivers? Apart from eGPU users, there is also a very small group of, what you can say unofficial Mac users, who will benefit from the driver update: the Hackintosh community. A Hackintosh machine (via tricksforyou.blogspot.com.cy) The Hackintosh community is a relatively small group of Mac enthusiasts. This community has succeeded in porting the Mac OS to run outside of an official Mac system. These devices are made from common PC hardware and runs an unlicensed version of the Mac OS, hence the name Hackintosh. Although not completely legal, Apple somewhat tolerates Hackintosh users. However, it is clearly stated in its end user license agreement for the Mac OS that when used outside of official Mac hardware, its usage is deemed illegal. Nevertheless, as mentioned earlier, it is a very small community although it tends to grow bigger with every passing year. NVIDIA Pascal driver release date With NVIDIA releasing Mac support for the GeForce GTX 1050 and above, it changes the game altogether. Now, extreme gamers who are also fans of the Mac will be able to enjoy their favorite games on any Mac system. Not only that, they will also be able to enjoy the games in the best possible graphics settings. While the NVIDIA Pascal drivers do not affect the entire Mac ecosystem directly, it is still a rather big deal. Especially to extreme gaming and Mac enthusiasts. Gone are the days of limited hardware support. Now, everyone can enjoy whatever hardware they want to add on their Mac systems. Users can finally upgrade their older Maxwell-based 9 series graphics cards for a more powerful Pascal 10 series GPUs. NVIDIA is set to release the Pascal drivers for the Mac sometime next week. As mentioned earlier, it will include support to all the new series 10 graphics cards from the company. Unfortunately, the release will be in beta form. Meaning, users will need extra care in using the drivers as they are not fully tested yet. The beta driver will surely contain a fair bit of bugs that will need to be sorted out. Users are urged to perform regular data backups in case your system experiences a fatal bug. For more tech updates, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Nokia 9 Rumored To Have Snapdragon 835, Iris Scanning, OZO Audio, and More NVIDIA Releases NVIDIA Pascal GPU Drivers for Mac: So What? April 7th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:mac, NVIDIA Pascal Drivers, release date Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you NBA 2k18 Release Date News, Wishlist: The Top 5 Players Who Can Be The Cover Athlete Nokia 9 Rumored To Have Snapdragon 835, Iris Scanning, OZO Audio, and More Apple Watch Series 3 Coming This September – Report About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds April Update Live; Patch Adds Sound Improvements, Bug Fixes, And More Injustice 2: The Joker Revival Teased By Ed Boon Mass Effect Andromeda Update 1.05 Increases Inventory Space From 50 To 100, Capped To 200 Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Mass Effect Andromeda Update 1.05 Improves Animations With Pupil Adjustment, Tweaked Dialogue, Added Subtle Movements, And More When Bioware launched Mass Effect Andromeda, players both had praises and criticisms for the... Injustice 2: Mr. Freeze Will Be A Captain Cold Skin Captain Cold was introduced in a villain-themed trailer for Injustice 2 and now he... Yooka-Laylee Day One Update Improves The Camera As reviews have started pouring in, Playtonic Games has announced details for the upcoming... Injustice 2 Story Mode Allows Character Selection Seems like NetherRealms has plans to make the Injustice 2 story mode more dynamic... Persona 5 Class Answers: All Correct Responses In School To Increase Your Knowledge And Charm Stat More than fighting Shadows and stealing “hearts”, Persona 5 will also make players re-experience... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller Overwatch NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Desktop What Is A Hackintosh And How Do You Build One? By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on April 7, 2017 01:22 PM The Macintosh or Mac is undoubtedly the most iconic computer there is. Apple has been at the forefront of design and build quality when it comes to its computer products. Unfortunately, Apple is known to charge a steep premium on all of its Mac products, be it the MacBook, MacBook Pro, iMac, Mac Pro, and the Mac Mini. What is worse, while there is no doubt at all that these products are made well, they are not the best in terms of performance. This is basically why there is a small niche in the market for Hackintosh machines that are basically a rough copy of a Mac. What is a Hackintosh? To cut to the chase, a Hackintosh is nothing but a bunch of common PC hardware put together to resemble a Mac. While an actual Mac may have inferior performance due to hardware constraints, a Hackintosh is somewhat more powerful. In fact, it can even outperform the Mac Pro in some cases. 2013 Mac Pro (via apple.com) Since an actual Mac system is very expensive, one can actually put together a collection of PC hardware and keep it cheap and cheerful; within the constraints of supported systems, of course. Why a Hackintosh? There are basically three reasons why someone will build a Mac clone. The first one is the price. Apple computers are known to be quite expensive even though they are somewhat lacking in performance. Secondly, is the performance. Many would know by now that a Mac is very limited in terms of performance. The system does not offer overclocking at all. In fact, when the system detects increased operating temperatures, the OS will throttle the performance of the system in order not to burn all the components. In a Mac clone, since it is basically made up of PC components that are readily available in the market, one can easily customize a build to cater to the power requirements. Overclocking is also possible since the system can be installed with an adequate cooling solution like liquid coolers. Furthermore, the main bulk of the system, the CPU and GPU, can be optimized to provide that best performance for any given design. 2015 iMac (via apple.com) Finally, there is the macOS. By far, the Mac OS is the best operating system from Apple. It is more stable and secure compared to any Windows platform. How does one build a Hackintosh? There are a lot of things to consider when building a Mac clone. For one, one should set a target performance for the build in mind. This will help one decide in choosing the appropriate hardware that needs to be bought and put together. Secondly, anyone who aspires to build a Hackintosh will need to do a lot of reading. The actual build is actually quite involved and some things need to be done that are not usually done on a normal PC build. For those who are curious about it can check tonymacx86 for some guides. Finally, know that building one and keeping or using one is in direct violation of Apple’s Mac OS end-user license agreement. While Apple seems to tolerate Hackintosh users for the time being, there is a chance that it might introduce a way of identifying unauthorized hardware using the Mac OS Sierra. Can I do it on my own? The answer to this question is a yes and a no. Yes, because with enough knowledge and keen sense of following directions, it is fairly easy to build a Hackintosh. There are a number of great tutorials online on how to build one. Furthermore, all the third-party settings that one might need are readily available on the Internet. A simple Google or visiting the site mentioned above will yield positive results. A typical Hackintosh assembly (via 9to5mac.com) On the other hand, a no can also answer the same question. This is mainly because as mentioned earlier, it breaks the Apple’s EULA for the Mac OS. Also, building a Hackintosh is not for the faint of heart. Even a seasoned PC builder can sometimes get stuck when building a Mac clone. What system should I use? This will depend on the aim of a Hackintosh builder. For instance, if one wants a simple system, there is the Hackintosh version of the Mac Mini. For mid-range specs, there is the iMac. And then finally, in the upper echelon of the Mac ecosystem, the Mac Pro. Each of these systems will have a corresponding PC hardware that one can use. Depending on how much one wants the system to perform, there are hardware available to cater for that. How much will it cost? In general, one of the main reasons why someone will build a Hackintosh is the cost. As mentioned earlier, an official Mac computer can cost thousands of dollars while having a lacklustre performance. With a Hackintosh, a lot of performance can be squeezed into a build with as little cost as possible. Of course, the cost will depend on what a user wants to get from the build. The Mac Mini equivalent build can cost between $400 to $600. Meanwhile, an iMac equivalent build can be between $1,000 and $1,500. Finally, a Mac Pro build can blow up to about $2,000. Of course, in comparison to an actual Mac, these costs are still quite affordable. A Mac Mini starts at around $500, with a sub par hardware. For the iMac, the 21.5-inch version starts at $1,100 while the 27-inch model is at $1,800. Finally, the Mac Pro can have a minimum price tag of $3,000. One thing to note is that the prices indicated for the Mac systems are in no way close to the performance of a Hackintosh with the same price tag. While a Hackintosh does not resemble a Mac at least in looks, it compensates with increased performance and build cost. Furthermore, since a Mac clone is basically a hodgepodge of computer parts, it can be easily upgraded with new hardware especially when driver support for the hardware becomes available. For more tech updates, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Intel to Develop Hybrid Kaby Lake-G Processor; Will Feature Multi Die Design What Is A Hackintosh And How Do You Build One? April 7th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:basics, Hackintosh, how to build Share Tweet Share Share Email About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds April Update Live; Patch Adds Sound Improvements, Bug Fixes, And More Injustice 2: The Joker Revival Teased By Ed Boon Mass Effect Andromeda Update 1.05 Increases Inventory Space From 50 To 100, Capped To 200 Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Mass Effect Andromeda Update 1.05 Improves Animations With Pupil Adjustment, Tweaked Dialogue, Added Subtle Movements, And More When Bioware launched Mass Effect Andromeda, players both had praises and criticisms for the... Injustice 2: Mr. Freeze Will Be A Captain Cold Skin Captain Cold was introduced in a villain-themed trailer for Injustice 2 and now he... Yooka-Laylee Day One Update Improves The Camera As reviews have started pouring in, Playtonic Games has announced details for the upcoming... Injustice 2 Story Mode Allows Character Selection Seems like NetherRealms has plans to make the Injustice 2 story mode more dynamic... Persona 5 Class Answers: All Correct Responses In School To Increase Your Knowledge And Charm Stat More than fighting Shadows and stealing “hearts”, Persona 5 will also make players re-experience... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller Overwatch NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Computers Apple iMac 2017 Could Come With Xeon Processor, ECC RAM, and NVMe Storage By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on April 7, 2017 01:27 PM Apple fans have been waiting for the new iMac for more than a year now. The last time the company made changes to the all-in-one computer was back in 2016 when it released the Retina display iMac. Now, consumers are expecting the iMac 2017 to come later this year as Apple already made the announcement for it. In line with this, some new information about the iMac 2017 surfaced online ahead of the supposed release this year. According to the blog Pike’s Universum, the iMac 2017 will have a brand new set of specs on its release, on top of which is the Intel Xeon E3-1285 v6 CPU paired with 16GB of ECC memory. It is interesting to note that this type of processor is not out yet. It is not even listed in the Intel Ark website. Furthermore, this will be the first time that the iMac will support ECC memory. There are no details that the iMac 2017 will still have non-ECC RAM support. The blog also mentioned that the iMac 2017 will have a maximum memory capacity of 64GB. Another thing mentioned in the blog is the upcoming iMac’s support for NVMe storage that can go as much as 2TB. Also, there will be support for Thunderbolt 3 as well as second generation USB 3.1. 2015 iMac (via apple.com) On the graphics side of things, the blog said that the iMac 2017 will also be able to support virtual reality or VR. If this is the case, the AMD graphics card would be something like the AMD Radeon R9 290X or quite possibly the AMD Radeon R9 390X. It will be quite a push for Apple to use the latest AMD Radeon RX480 due to power constraints. Lastly, it seems that the iMac 2017 will also sport a new keyboard, according to the blog. While it did not clearly specify what the keyboard would be, one can speculate that it might have support for Touch Bar and Touch ID features. This is due to the fact that Apple was just granted a patent for the technology. Readers are urged to take these bits and pieces about the iMac 2017 with a grain of salt. These, as they say, are nothing but rumors. Nevertheless, since Apple has already confirmed the arrival of the new iMac, consumers can expect them to arrive later this year. For more updates on the iMac 2017, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Apple Not Releasing Mac Pro Upgrade This Year; Promises Improvements on Next Cycle Apple iMac 2017 Could Come With Xeon Processor, ECC RAM, and NVMe Storage April 7th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:iMac 2017, released date, Rumors Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you IT Show 2017 Brochure: MacBook 2017, iMac 2017 Release Rumors Announcing Tomorrow? iMac 2017 Will Not Support Virtual Reality After All Apple Announces WWDC 2017; Possibly a Big iMac 2017 Reveal About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds April Update Live; Patch Adds Sound Improvements, Bug Fixes, And More Injustice 2: The Joker Revival Teased By Ed Boon Mass Effect Andromeda Update 1.05 Increases Inventory Space From 50 To 100, Capped To 200 Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Mass Effect Andromeda Update 1.05 Improves Animations With Pupil Adjustment, Tweaked Dialogue, Added Subtle Movements, And More When Bioware launched Mass Effect Andromeda, players both had praises and criticisms for the... Injustice 2: Mr. Freeze Will Be A Captain Cold Skin Captain Cold was introduced in a villain-themed trailer for Injustice 2 and now he... Yooka-Laylee Day One Update Improves The Camera As reviews have started pouring in, Playtonic Games has announced details for the upcoming... Injustice 2 Story Mode Allows Character Selection Seems like NetherRealms has plans to make the Injustice 2 story mode more dynamic... Persona 5 Class Answers: All Correct Responses In School To Increase Your Knowledge And Charm Stat More than fighting Shadows and stealing “hearts”, Persona 5 will also make players re-experience... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller Overwatch NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple’s Clips video creation and sharing app for iPhone and iPad now available Apple had launched Clips video creation and sharing app last month. Now, the app that allow users to create short videos, by adding photos, filters, music is available for iPhone and iPad. Clips lets you make vibrant and creative videos that can be shared with friends the Apple’s Messages app or on Facebook, Instagram and other social platforms. It has a single-screen interface which allows you to capture photos or video or import any images or video you might already have in your Photo Library. Also present are features like comic book filters, speech bubbles, shapes and full-screen animated posters. Clips lets users create multi-clip videos on iPhone or iPad without timelines, tracks or complicated editing tools. The app also comes with Live Titles feature that allows users to create animated captions and titles using just their voice. Once the video is ready, you can add artistic filters, speech bubbles, shapes or emoji. Users can also add full-screen posters with animated backgrounds and customizable text. You can choose from dozens of music soundtracks that will automatically adjust to match the length of a video Clips. Clips   Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on April 7, 2017Categories Apple, apps Post navigation Previous Previous post: Microsoft reveals specs for the new powerful Xbox Project Scorpio Next Next post: Android Nougat adoption hits 4.9% in April Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Samsung predicts stronger profits for Q1 2017 Android Nougat adoption hits 4.9% in April Apple’s Clips video creation and sharing app for iPhone and iPad now available Microsoft reveals specs for the new powerful Xbox Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy S8+ with 6GB RAM, 128GB storage announced, price revealed Honor 6C with Snapdragon 435, 3GB RAM, fingerprint sensor, metal body announced Polar M430 Running Watch with GPS, Heart Rate sensor announced Reliance Jio to withdraw 3 month free Jio Summer Surprise offer after TRAI order Google Play Music Subscription goes live in India, Twitter Lite launched and more – FoneArena Daily Age of Empires: Castle Siege for Android now available worldwide CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Android phones vulnerable to device hijacks over Wi-Fi Ars Technica Dan Goodin 7 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 17 weird jobs you probably didn't know exist The world's 15 most wasteful projects © Getty Images A broad array of Android phones is vulnerable to attacks that use booby-trapped Wi-Fi signals to achieve full device takeover, a researcher has demonstrated. The vulnerability resides in a widely used Wi-Fi chipset manufactured by Broadcom and used in both iOS and Android devices. Apple patched the vulnerability with Monday's release of iOS 10.3.1. "An attacker within range may be able to execute arbitrary code on the Wi-Fi chip," Apple's accompanying advisory warned. In a highly detailed blog post published Tuesday, the Google Project Zero researcher who discovered the flaw said it allowed the execution of malicious code on a fully updated 6P "by Wi-Fi proximity alone, requiring no user interaction." Popular Searches Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 898.28 -11.00 -1.21% adidas AG ADDYY ▲ 94.01 +0.54 +0.58% KFC Ltd 3420 ▲ 2,327.00 +38.00 +1.66% Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 143.66 -0.36 -0.25% Google is in the process of releasing an update in its April security bulletin. The fix is available only to a select number of device models, and even then it can take two weeks or more to be available as an over-the-air update to those who are eligible. Company representatives didn't respond to an e-mail seeking comment for this post. The proof-of-concept exploit developed by Project Zero researcher Gal Beniamini uses Wi-Fi frames that contain irregular values. The values, in turn, cause the firmware running on Broadcom's wireless system-on-chip to overflow its stack. By using the frames to target timers responsible for carrying out regularly occurring events such as performing scans for adjacent networks, Beniamini managed to overwrite specific regions of device memory with arbitrary shellcode. Beniamini's code does nothing more than write a benign value to a specific memory address. Attackers could obviously exploit the same series of flaws to surreptitiously execute malicious code on vulnerable devices within range of a rogue access point. Basic mitigations missing Besides the specific stack overflow bugs exploited by the proof-of-concept attack, Beniamini said a lack of security protections built into many software and hardware platforms made the Broadcom chipset a prime target. "We’ve seen that while the firmware implementation on the Wi-Fi SoC is incredibly complex, it still lags behind in terms of security," he wrote. "Specifically, it lacks all basic exploit mitigations—including stack cookies, safe unlinking and access permission protection (by means of a [memory protection unit.])" The Broadcom chipset contains an MPU, but the researcher found that it's implemented in a way that effectively makes all memory readable, writeable, and executable. "This saves us some hassle," he wrote. "We can conveniently execute our code directly from the heap." He said that Broadcom has informed him that newer versions of the chipset implement the MPU more effectively and also add unspecified additional security mechanisms. Given the severity of the vulnerability, people with affected devices should install a patch as soon as it's available. For those with vulnerable iPhones, that's easy enough. As is all too often the case for Android users, there's no easy way to get a fix immediately, if at all. That's because Google continues to stagger the release of its monthly patch bundle for the minority of devices that are eligible to receive it. At the moment, it's not clear if there are effective workarounds available for vulnerable devices. Turning off Wi-Fi is one possibility, but as revealed in recent research into an unrelated Wi-Fi-related weakness involving Android phones, devices often relay Wi-Fi frames even when Wi-Fi is turned off. This post will be updated if word of a better workaround emerges. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Ars Technicia Bouncy houses are actually bubbles of dangerous air Ars Technica Stealing bitcoins with badges: How Silk Road’s dirty cops got caught Ars Technica Antibacterial soaps do more harm than good Ars Technica Ars Technica View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple's Clips Social Media Video App Available for iPhone, iPad Pebble Update Lets Watches Work After Servers Shut Down Samsung Lands 2 Year Deal for Curved OLED iPhone Displays Tips macOS: Putting a Recovery Partition on Your Mac (Without Reinstalling macOS) Get Free Bitcoins from 15 Faucets That (Still) Pay Podcasts Pebble Watches Aren't Dead Yet, Whole-home VPN - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-06 The Mystery of New Mac Pros, Apple and Politics, and Robot Welfare - ACM 405 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Apple and the OODA Loop Problem Ya Gotta Love Free and Useful Stuff for Macs... The Most Important Word Apple Used in its Mac Pro Announcement President Trump Signs Law Erasing Broadband Privacy Protections View All Editorials → Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students ‘A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity’ Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Apr 6th, 2017 9:52 PM EDT | Editorial Apple CEO Tim Cook spoke to the students of Auburn University—his alma mater—on Thursday. According to university newspaper The Plainsman, Mr. Cook’s speech was titled, “A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity.” Special to The Plainsman: Tim Cook on diversity at Auburnhttps://t.co/T6RXd2ckCa pic.twitter.com/P8tSB3i4M0 — The Auburn Plainsman (@TheAUPlainsman) April 7, 2017 In his speech, Mr. Cook made the case that diversity is important from a capitalist standpoint. He said, “The world is intertwined today, much more than it was when I was coming out of school. Because of that, you really need to have a deep understanding of cultures around the world.” Diversity of Professions, Too Interestingly, he also expanded the usual definition of diversity beyond cultural, ethnic, gender, and sexual orientation. We believe you can only create a great product with a diverse team. And I’m talking about the large definition of diversity. One of the reasons Apple products work really great – I hope you think they work really great – is that the people working on them are not only engineers and computer scientists, but artists and musicians. It’s this intersection of the liberal arts and humanities with technology that makes products that are magical. These are themes advocated for and advanced by Steve Jobs, who often spoke of the intersection of technology and the arts, or technology and the humanities. Mr. Jobs felt it was important, for instance, to design office buildings in such a way that fostered accidental meetings between people of all disciplines and professions within a company. He did this first with Pixar’s headquarters, and then again with Apple Park that is set to open later this year. In Walter Isaacson’s excellent The Innovators (Amazon, iTunes), he showed us how Steve Jobs studied Bell Labs, where such accidental meetings were key to that AT&T branch’s success for decades. Tim Cook It’s an interesting take on the importance of diversity. As Apple CEO, Mr. Cook has been vocal in the fight for marriage equality and other more politically-fraught areas. And it couches the concept of “diversity” in a way that may help some people reframe the “diversity” concept. Diversity of thought and background can combine to form better ideas and solutions. This is true for society, corporations, academia, science, and anywhere else you care to look. He added: In order to lead in a diverse and inclusive environment, you have to allow that you may not personally be able to understand something someone else does. That doesn’t mean it’s wrong. For example, somebody may worship something else as you. You might not be able to understand why they do that. But you have to allow that the person not only has the right to do that, but they likely have a set of reasons and life experiences that have led them to that. There’s more in the full article from The Plainsman. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Auburn University, Diversity, Tim Cook Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Bryan Chaffin | April 6, 2017 Apple and the OODA Loop Problem John Martellaro | April 5, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $143.66 -0.36 (-0.25%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple's Clips Social Media Video App Available for iPhone, iPad Pebble Update Lets Watches Work After Servers Shut Down Samsung Lands 2 Year Deal for Curved OLED iPhone Displays Apple Watch Series 3 Set for Fall Launch Apple Pay Cash Transfers Now Work With Western Union App Recent Tips See All » macOS: Putting a Recovery Partition on Your Mac (Without Reinstalling macOS) Get Free Bitcoins from 15 Faucets That (Still) Pay Enabling Find My Mac Might Not Work if Recovery Drive Is Damaged or Missing PSA: Find My Mac Has a Serious Security Vulnerability How to Change Your iPhone and iPad's Name for AirDrop Recent Editorials See All » Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Apple and the OODA Loop Problem Ya Gotta Love Free and Useful Stuff for Macs... The Most Important Word Apple Used in its Mac Pro Announcement President Trump Signs Law Erasing Broadband Privacy Protections 14783 Bryan Chaffin columns-opinions 0 1491515528 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation youtube linkedin facebook twitter rss Pro Dealer Chain Store Age ﻿ Latest News Hardware Stores Lumberyards Farm & Ranch Distributors/Co-Ops Insights opener Research Special Reports Opinion Magazine opener Digital Edition Reprints/Reuse Subscribe Advertise ﻿ Video/Media Products Hardware All Stars Events Event Calendar ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Contact Apple HomeKit lights up with Leviton The Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology marks upgrade in lighting control. April 6, 2017 | By HBSDealer Staff Leviton’s Decora Smart offering has new functionality, and a new look. Leviton released the Decora Smart product offering with support for Apple HomeKit, allowing for customizable lighting control using an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Apple Watch or Siri. This new family of products features three devices including 600 Watt and 1000 Watt in-wall dimmers, as well as a 15 Amp switch with multi-way capability. These dimmers and switches are wireless and individually HomeKit-enabled, requiring no centralized hub or bridge to coordinate the accessories throughout the home. Leviton’s Richard Westfall described the new product as an easy-to-install and easy to use. "The innovation behind Decora Smart with HomeKit makes controlling lights efficient and flexible by leveraging only an app or your voice with Siri,” said Westfall, VP and general manager of Leviton Energy Management, Controls & Automation. “Installation of these Decora Smart products is straight-forward too, making it easy for users to set up their iOS device with Wi-Fi. Plus, with no need for a hub or bridge, the HomeKit-supported solution is ideal for both existing and newly-constructed homes.” The Apple HomeKit technology in these Leviton accessories provides an easy, secure way to control lights from an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Apple Watch. Using Apple’s Home app or the free Leviton Decora Smart Home app, homeowners can facilitate distinctive lighting control settings such as fade rate, minimum/maximum brightness, bulb type selection and more to ensure the perfect atmosphere in every room. Homeowners can also use Siri to dictate whether a Leviton Decora Smart accessory is on/off or dimmed/brightened, and can even control scenes that include Decora Smart products. Using Apple’s Home app or Leviton’s Decora Smart Home app, Decora Smart accessories can be grouped into rooms and zones, such as a home’s first floor or outdoor area, which helps to simplify control for the user. Multiple accessories can also be set up to work together as scenes, such as “Good Morning” or “Movie Night,” which can be enabled using the Home app, The Control Center Home card in iOS or Siri. The Home app can even allow for the setup of automations, so Decora Smart accessories or scenes can run automatically based on location, time of day or separate accessory action. The product also introduces a new look. The dimmer hardware features a dim/bright bar placed vertically alongside the on/off rocker paddle while the vanishing LEDs on the left side of the paddle show current and target light levels with real-time feedback. Both white and light almond faceplates are included with the in-wall devices, and color change kits are available in black, red, ivory, gray and brown. Optional screwless Decora wallplates are also available. Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Here’s Benjamin Moore’s Store of the Future CNRG acquires McLendon Hardware BMC expands in two markets Home Depot is in the midst of an EPA investigation True Value names new SVP of marketing Parksite appoints a new director Sales inch ahead for WD-40 in Q2 Apple HomeKit lights up with Leviton Stihl builds for growth in the Northeast HBSDealer Stock Watch: Clean sweep Poll Poll What is the best bet for improved in-store energy efficiency? An LED lighting retrofit Solar panels Skylights for natural daylight Evaporative coolers Enhanced insulation Special Reports The 2016 Top 300 Industry Scoreboard Sales for the year reached more than $249 billion combined among the Top 300 home improvement retailers. Spoiler: The Home Depot landed at No. 1. Again.    Click here to view the Scoreboard. The 2016 Top 200 Pro Dealer Scoreboard Combined sales at the nation’s Top 200 dealers continued to rise with residential construction and the recovering U.S. economy.    Click here to view the Scoreboard. Current Issue April 2017   Cover Story Big-ticket transactions generate more than just revenue. Here are the strategies, the products and the societal trends for more profitable rings.   Also Inside  Benjamin Moore's new Store of the Future Co-op Report: The Best of Ace Hardware NAHB's Jerry Howard on the new Washington Software upgrades, a primer for independents Click here to view the issue. Hardware All Stars We're looking for All-Star material Nominate a worthy retailer for the 2017 STIHL Hardware All-Star awards. Products Apple HomeKit lights up with Leviton The Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology marks upgrade in lighting control. Nu-Wood delivers color out-of-the-box A ‘Classic Color Program’ with Sherwin-Williams is one of the... DuPont Tyvek celebrates its 50th anniversary Tyvek's versatile properties lend it a wide variety of applications across... Featured Product Cobra Skinny Snake Latest News Hardware Stores Lumberyards Farm & Ranch Distributors/Co-Ops Insights Research Special Reports Opinion Magazine Digital Edition Reprints/Reuse Subscribe Advertise Video/Media Products Hardware All Stars Events Event Calendar Subscribe Advertise Contact Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedmanwebsites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE Hardware + Building Supply Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Hardware+Building Supply Dealer. All Rights Reserved.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,451 Reviews & Articles | 54,759 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Computer Systems Apple's new iMac will be the highest-end iMac ever Apple is working on the new iMac from the ground up, are 'completely rethinking' about Mac Pro By: Anthony Garreffa | Computer Systems News | Posted: 3 hours, 27 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA It looks like Apple is pushing into its next-gen iMac in a big way, with Apple's Phil Schiller teasing the new improvements Apple are making to the iMac.     Schiller said: "With regards to the Mac Pro we are in the process of what we call 'completely rethinking the Mac Pro'. We're working on it. We have a team working hard on it right now, and we want to architect it so that we can keep it fresh with regular improvements, and we're committed to making it our highest-end, high-throughput desktop system, designed for our demanding pro customers".   The new iMac Pro will reportedly feature an Intel Xeon E3-1285 V6 processor, with 16GB (upgradeable to 32GB or 64GB of ECC memory), the latest NVMe-based SSD (up to 2TB) and AMD's latest GPU technology (most likely Vega, or the fastest Polaris at least). Thunderbolt 3 will be included, USB Type-C connectivity, and drum roll... a new keyboard. NEWS SOURCES:Bgr.com Recommended for You MSI's mini-ITX Trident 3 Arctic gaming PC rocks GTX... Corsair One: a new line of tiny, but powerful gaming... CyberPowerPC's new Ryzen PCs: from $983 up to $2399... Scion-32 hybrid melds desktop tower into a monitor >> NEXT STORY: Xbox Scorpio: the best display of AMD technology yet << PREVIOUS STORY: NVIDIA's new 381.65 driver has Quake Champions support Related Tags Apple Apple Mac Pro new Mac Pro new iMac AMD Intel Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts AMD issues its third Ryzen Community Update Apple's new iMac will be the highest-end iMac ever NVIDIA's new 381.65 driver has Quake Champions support Xbox Scorpio: the best display of AMD technology yet Samsung has started work on the Galaxy S9 smartphoneView More News Posts Forum Activity Gigabyte Z97P-D3 with Xeon1231v3 MCE Bios Mod Amped Wireless Athena R2 AC2600 Router Review MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review - The Best! EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 SuperClocked 2 (with iCX) Review How to downgrade bios Gigabyte Z170-Gaming K3View More Forum Posts Press Releases ASUS Republic of Gamers announces latest gaming lineup at Join the Republic: Outshine the Competition event Western Digital increases capacity of surveillance-class hard drives to 10TB ADATA SD700 durable external 3D NAND SSD wins Red Dot Award 2017 CD PROJEKT summarizes its 2016 financial results Destiny 2 announced: blockbuster sequel to the biggest new console video game franchise launch of all time set for September 8View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money The 25 Most Expensive Vinyl Records On Earth [Infographic] The Best Tech And Game Deals From Big W's Massive Ebay Sale How To Buy A Bicycle On EBay Without Getting Hosed Deahacker: Get 20% Off At BIG W Storewide Home Deliveroo Is Launching 'Pop-Up' Kitchens Of Popular Aussie Restaurants The Secret To Pouring The Right Amount Of Wine Is All In The Glass Shape The Best DIY Pet Toys You Can Make From Stuff In Your Home The Trick To Making Perfect Baked Pasta Every Time Entertainment The Games You Should Really Play In 4K Microsoft Reveals Xbox Scorpio's Impressive Specs Australians Can Watch Live NFL Games On Amazon Prime This Spring JB Hi-Fi Just Received The Mother Lode Of Nintendo Mini NES Consoles Travel The Easiest Way To Pack A Bottle Of Wine In A Suitcase Why Your Passport Is One Of Four Colours The Countries That Are Most Dangerous For Tourists Mexico May Not Be The Best Holiday Destination Right Now Health How Your Body Clock Impacts Your Chance Of Getting The Flu How To Pack On Muscle And Lose Fat With Minimal Effort This Trick Might Give You Brief Relief From Your Tinnitus Five Types Of Male Birth Control We'll Probably Never Get To Use Design Apple Clips: Fun, But Confusing To Use Crayola Has Retired Dandelion, Here's What Crayon Artists Suggest For Coping With The Loss What We Can Learn About Looking Good From Instagram Models Build Your Own Sidekick-Inspired Mobile Raspberry Pi Computer Work Productivity Marvin Gaye's Best Creativity Tips Ask LH: What Size Monitor Should I Buy? The Most Effective Way To Say No Is To Say You 'Don't,' Not You 'Can't' How To Identify Outdated Apps That Might Not Be Compatible With iOS 11 Communicate The ACCC Is Taking Apple To Federal Court Over 'Error 53' Woolworths Has A Cracker Of A Samsung Galaxy S8 Deal 6 Million Australians Are About To Get A Rude Shock When They Find Out The NBN Is Compulsory How To Keep Your Phone Connected When The Network Is Down Organise Briefly: Qantas Wi-Fi, Aldi Attack, Blair Witch Alternate Ending Pebble Updates Watches So They Keep Ticking Beyond The Grave Briefly: Yooka-Laylee Review, New Alien: Covenant Trailer, Facebook Fails Briefly: Dash Cam Disasters, Coffee Naps, Persona 5 Deals Career Amazon Shopping In Australia: Our Six Burning Questions Australia's 'Google Tax' Has Been Approved Retail Horror Stories From Nine Apple Geniuses The Truth About Centrelink's Waiting Times [Infographic] Business Travel Dealhacker: Get A Free Qantas Frequent Flyer Membership Via Ingogo How To Exercise In A Hotel Room [Infographic] Prediction: Australian Petrol Prices Are About To Get More Expensive The International Airlines With The Worst Delays [Infographic] Security Revealed: The Data Microsoft Collects From Your Windows 10 PC The Biggest Misconceptions About VPNs Ask LH: Is It Possible To Access A Blocked Torrent Site? Apple Quietly Made The Account Settings Page On Your iPhone A Tiny Bit More Useful Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: CloudPeeps's Kate Kendal How To Attract Freelance Coders To Your Startup [Infographic] To Get More Gigs As A Freelancer, Know 'Why' You're Helping Someone Elevator Pitch: Where’s the Card? IT Pro Cloud Citrix XenDesktop Essentials Comes To Azure Amazon AppStream Adds New Features Mac-to-Surface Migration Tool Released Your Dropbox Public Folder Isn't Public Any More IT Career The Ten Best Paying Tech Jobs In Australia Right Now How Have You Narrowed The Pay Gap? Deals: This Microsoft Office Mastery Bundle Is Over 95% Off Negotiating Is Trickier For Women, But You Should Do It Anyway IT Security What Data Does Microsoft Collect? US Internet Privacy Rules: How Will The Changes Affect Aussie Expats? Patching Is Hard, And The Bad Guys Know It Azure Web Application Firewall Generally Available Developer Ask LH: I Want To Write iOS Apps, Where Do I Start? Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle Twitter Tweaks API Platform Humble Bundle's New Book Collection Helps You Start Coding With Python Deployment The ACCC Is Finally Getting Tough On Dodgy NBN Claims Innovation Culture In Australia Is The New LEGO Discovery Centre In Melbourne Discriminatory? The Evolution Of Software Development According To AWS Servers Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Intel Says Their New SSD Is The World’s Most Responsive Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers The ACCC Is Finally Getting Tough On Dodgy NBN Claims Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle How To Pack On Muscle And Lose Fat With Minimal Effort The Ten Best Paying Tech Jobs In Australia Right Now Ask LH: I Want To Write iOS Apps, Where Do I Start? Thorin Klosowski Apr 7, 2017, 1:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  ask lh ask lifehacker clips coding development ios programming regulars Share Dear Lifehacker, I have a little background in coding, and I'd like to make an iOS app. I'm just not sure where to get started or what tools I need. Where do I start? Thanks, App Store Amateur Dear ASA, If you're versed in coding, you'll need to become familiar with Apple's development tools and their guidelines. Apple is known to restrict apps for all kinds of reasons, so it's good to know what you can and can't do before you start. We're not going to walk you through the entire process of making an app — that's far too much information for this post. However, we will get you set up with the coding environment, point you to Apple's guidelines, and give you a few resources to help you learn Apple's different languages for iOS. Xcode, Swift and the iOS SDK Apple's IDE (integrated development environment) for both Mac and iOS apps is Xcode. It's free and you can download it from from Apple's site. Xcode is the graphical interface you'll use to write apps. Included with it is also everything you need to write code for the OS with Apple's new Swift programming language. It's also only available for Mac, so if you plan on making iOS apps, you'll need to be running OS X. While Apple is pushing Swift pretty hard these days, you can program iOS in any number of languages, including Objective-C. Which you decide to use it really up to you, but here are a few guides, classes and tutorials to get you started: Start Developing iOS Apps Today: This is Apple's official starting guide. It walks you through setting up Xcode, structuring your app, implementing everything, and submitting it to the App Store. Introducing Swift: Apple's new programming language, Swift, is made specifically for iOS and Macs. It's supposedly much easier to work with and use, so if you're totally new to iOS development it's a good place to start. It works with and is similar to Objective-C (which you can also use if you prefer). Apple's Development Videos: Apple includes a lot of videos from WWDC teaching you various aspects of development. They're a great resource for learning industry tricks and getting to know the basic toolset you're working with. Ray Wenderlich's Tutorials: If you want to make games, Ray Wenderlich's tutorials are a great place to start. He covers all kinds of thing beyond games too, so you're bound to learn something about Swift and Objective-C even if you'd prefer to make a productivity app. Apple's API Capabilities: Apple has a lot of different APIs to access app extensions, Touch ID, Photos, HealthKit, and more. Familiarise yourself with these so you can integrate more advanced features into your app. Code School's iOS App Development class: You can get a grasp on the basics of iOS development for free through Code School's intro classes. Stanford's iOS Development Classes: Stanford has a set of free classes to learn iOS development. It's still only available for iOS 7, but most things you learn should transfer over nicely to iOS 8. Chances are there will be an updated class for iOS 8 in the near future. That should get you set up with your development tools and give you a good grasp on how things work on iOS. Apple's App Store review guidelines It's no secret that Apple's App Store Review Guidelines are incredibly strict. Apple has a very specific view of what apps will be allowed in the store, so it's useful to get to know the rules before you even try to build your app. If you don't, you might spend your time producing something that Apple won't allow into the App Store. When you finish your app, you'll submit it to the App Store and it will be reviewed based on a content, design (more on that in the next section) and technical details. So, head to the Review Guidelines page and get to reading. Apple also has a list of the common reasons apps get rejected here. Typically, it's because of crashes, broken links, advertisements or incomplete information. Apple is also known to block apps that include any type of adult or political content. Likewise, many of Apple's APIs have their own set of review guidelines. So, if you're going to integrate your app with HealthKit or Apple Pay, it's good to get to know those as well. Here they are: Apple Pay Guidelines App Extensions HealthKit HomeKit Keep in mind that Apple tends to be very conservative with its app review process. Chances are, if you're contemplating something even remotely risqué, it will be rejected, so be mindful of that before you start making your app. Apple's design guidelines Beyond Apple's review guidelines, there is also a set of design and interface guidelines. Apple wants all the apps in its store to have some type of consistency, and while this doesn't have to mean good design, it does mean apps use the same basic UI elements. To get a grasp on this, check out Apple's Human Interface Guidelines page. Here, you'll find the basics of what's required in both apps and icon design. Apple also has a set of Do's and Don'ts that summarise that massive guide so it's easier to get started. Thankfully, Apple doesn't leave you totally in the dark on how to make a well designed app. Here are a few resources to help you design something worthwhile: Designing Great Apps: Apple collected together some of the best talks from WWDC about design to help you get started with designing an interface. Designing A User Interface: Apple put together a guide for designing interfaces in iOS 8 using the built-in tools of Xcode. You can also find plenty of resources online to help improve your design chops. Register For GitHub And TestFlight Unless you're some kind of super-genius, you don't want to create your app in a bubble. Instead, it's good to get other people to look at your code and invite beta testers to try your app out. GitHub is the go-to for software versioning and collaborative work. Once you register for GitHub, it's incredibly easy to link Xcode into it so everything you do is saved and accessible by other people on your team. If you need a little help setting up GitHub, the service guides walk you through the process. Likewise, beta testing is also incredibly easy in iOS 8. Using TestFlight, you can simply invite users to your team so they can test your app. They will just need to download the TestFlight app. Developing for iOS is really all about familiarising yourself with Xcode. Once you're comfortable there, you can write your app in a wide variety of languages or take a stab at learning Swift. As you move along to actually writing that app, you'll certainly need to dig up answers to more specific questions, but the tools above will get you started on the right path. Cheers Lifehacker Have a question you want to put to Ask Lifehacker? Send it using our contact form. WATCH MORE: Tech News Also on Lifehacker The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Planhacker: The Best Phone Plans With Rollover Data Planhacker: How To Fill Your Phone With Cheap Data Comments crestinfotech @Crestinfotech Apr 7, 2017, 1:48pm This is perfect article for beginner iOS Apps Developer.. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why I’m Giving Up On The iPad Pro Anthony Caruana 05 Apr 2017 12:30 PM Over the last few months, I’ve been using a 12.9-inch iPad Pro as my main mobile computer. Although I have Mac and Windows desktops at the two “fixed” locations i work from, I’ve been using the larger iPad Pro with a Smart Keyboard as my traveller. And, for the most part, it has worked really well. But a couple of limitations have really started to get to me recently. How To Pack On Muscle And Lose Fat With Minimal Effort Ben Ford 07 Apr 2017 10:30 AM Like most guys of a certain vintage, I have mixed feelings about my body. Staying lean and not surrendering to the siren’s call of the dreaded 'Dadbod' is a key concern. But then so is building and maintaining enough muscle so that I can keep up with the young bucks on the soccer field or in the gym. One of the main keys to success is your diet. You need a meal plan that's high in healthy carbs, fats and proteins. More importantly, it needs to be easy to prepare and affordable - so you'll actually stick to it. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle Deals: This Microsoft Office Mastery Bundle Is Over 95% Off Netflix And Chill Around The Globe With This Stream Unblocker Deals: How VPNs Can Protect Your Online Privacy Trending Articles 1 Why I’m Giving Up On The iPad Pro 2 How To Pack On Muscle And Lose Fat With Minimal Effort 3 The Best Tech And Game Deals From Big W's Massive Ebay Sale TRAPPIST-1's Fatal Flaw Could Ruin Our Hopes Of Finding Life There This Is The Smallest Exoplanet Known To Have An Atmosphere New Zealand Could Use Gene Editing To Kill Off Its Cutest Predator One Of Michael Crichton's Final Weird Science Stories May Have Landed A Director Anime Fighting Games Are About To Get A Great Chance To Shine On The Competitive Scene Battlegrounds Player Has Mastered The Art Of Camouflage Mike Mignola Is Returning To Comics With An All New Vampire Tale Hidden Persona 5 Tip Will Help You Nail Every Demon Negotiation How Your Body Clock Impacts Your Chance Of Getting The Flu The Secret To Pouring The Right Amount Of Wine Is All In The Glass Shape The ACCC Is Finally Getting Tough On Dodgy NBN Claims How I Succeeded: CloudPeeps's Kate Kendal Gold and silver are jumping after the US missile strike on Syria The two US ships which attacked a Syrian airfield have been equipped to deal with a mysterious Russian threat 10 things in tech you need to know today AUSTRALIAN STOCKS SLIDE ON US MISSILE STRIKE: Here's what you need to know © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple's App Store Sales Could Double in 5 Years Apple could sell $60 billion worth of apps in 2021. Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Apr 6, 2017 at 9:07PM Services are more important to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) than ever before. Last quarter, 9.2% of Apple's revenue came from services, the highest percentage Apple's ever reported for its first fiscal quarter. One of the biggest contributors to Apple's services is its App Store. Apple said it paid out over $20 billion to app developers in 2016, which implies it brought in between $8 billion and $9 billion for itself after taking its cut. App Annie estimates Apple actually grossed $34 billion in its App Store last year. It also expects App Store sales to grow to more than $60 billion by 2021. The App Store is a major component of Apple's services revenue. As such, it's a significant contributor to its profit growth. Image source: Apple. Apple's highest-margin product The gross profit margin on Apple's App Store revenue is ridiculously high. With over 1 billion active Apple devices around the world, the scale of the App Store means its cost of revenue is practically nothing. Apple just provides a storefront and developer support. As such, Apple keeps about 90% of App Store revenue as gross profit, according to Macquarie Securities analyst Ben Schachter. That means Apple's App Store growth could add about $7 billion in annual gross profit five years from now based on App Annie's estimate and Apple's standard 30% take rate. For reference, Apple produced $84 billion in gross profits in 2016. The best part is that Apple doesn't have to sell more devices for App Store sales to grow -- though it likely will. App Annie expects revenue per device to climb through the end of the decade. There's always a new game, utility, or subscription service that consumers will want. Is doubling being conservative? Apple's next iPhone is expected to bring a huge wave of upgrades. Additionally, backlash from Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Note 7 fiasco will likely provide Apple with a nice boost through the rest of the year. Samsung's misstep already showed up in Apple's first-quarter results when it reported better-than-expected iPhone unit sales. As the installed base continues to climb, the App Store should see significant sales growth. Schachter believes App Store sales will climb at a 28% rate through 2021, implying App Store sales of nearly $100 billion that year. That assumes Apple's hardware sales stop growing after the next two iPhone cycles. Perhaps the true potential growth rate is somewhere between App Annie's and Schachter's estimates. Also consider that, if Apple cannot meaningfully grow hardware sales, management will likely take further steps to monetize its existing install base through services and the App Store. As long as hardware sales remain stable -- i.e., don't decline meaningfully -- App Store sales should continue climbing for the foreseeable future. Still a hardware company Investors shouldn't go around calling Apple a services company, though. Services may be growing extremely quickly, but they still only accounted for 9.2% of revenue last quarter. That growth is a byproduct of Apple's robust hardware sales. Services, with its relatively high margins, represent an opportunity for Apple to juice the profitability of each of those hardware sales. That way, Apple can grow net income even if total revenue stays relatively flat. Adam Levy owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He consumes copious cups of coffee, and he loves alliteration. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinals mania ... Follow @admlvy Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 9:07PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.66 down $0.36 (-0.25%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,500.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Apple Is Letting Oppo and Vivo Win in China Apple, Inc. Reportedly Preparing to Begin Manufacturing iPhones in India Why Apple Inc. Wants to Build Its Own Graphics Processors The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers 3 Reasons Apple Is a Better Dividend Stock Than Qualcomm Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple's App Store Sales Could Double in 5 Years @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $SSNLF
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars APPS Hands-on with Apple’s Clips: Simple and fun video editing, only for iOS Jordan Novet@jordannovet April 6, 2017 7:31 PM Tags: Apple, clips, video sharing Above: Clips on iPad. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat Today Apple released its latest app, Clips. It’s an answer to Snapchat and Instagram’s rapid and generally unimportant but absolutely modern systems for recording, editing, and sharing photo-video mashups. Do you need to use it when you have Instagram or Snapchat? No. Is it more understandable those other apps? At this point, I think so. The Verge sets Clips in the context of iMovie, Apple’s 18-year-old video editing software. That’s reasonable, but just so we’re clear, iMovie is also available on iOS, even if the app’s heritage is primarily on Mac OS X macOS. But when you open iMovie on iOS, well, it’s pretty heavy. It’s powerful. Clips is not that. Clips is something that people of all ages could grasp if they spend, say, 10 minutes with it. No fade in from black. But if you want to add an emoji on top of it? Of course you can do that. Want to add a block of text using iOS’ native dictation feature? Sure, yeah. Want to stitch together stuff and add a style a la the 2016 breakout app Prisma? No problem. Obligatory Clip pic.twitter.com/LtIwAvzRVm — Jordan 'Jaws' Novet (@jordannovet) April 6, 2017 It’s a great follow-up to the Messages app that was updated for iOS 10, which lets you do whimsical things like make a really big emoji if you hold down on it, or send a disappearing message — those types of features exist in popular apps like Messenger. Similarly Photos for iOS 10 got even with Google Photos with image recognition. The big picture: Apple is getting more competitive for some of the basic things that people do on their phones and tablets. But there is no social network here in the way there is on Instagram or Snapchat. You can send your Clips one by one to one person at a time. It’s about creating stuff, rather than racking up all the comments and likes and exploring the vast pool of content from others. The most fascinating part about Clips for me is how Apple has expressly chosen not to monetize this app, and perhaps as a result of that, not bring it cross-platform, to, say, Android. (Let alone macOS.) Apple’s Services business aggregates revenue from services like Apple Music, Apple Pay, and iTunes (two out of three of those are available on non-Apple operating systems), and this is in fact the brightest spot in terms of growth for the company, even if it’s certainly not the biggest. With Clips, the spirit is enhancing the core Apple smartphone and tablet experience, not about Services. Probably many people with iPhones and iPads and iPods will appreciate the lack of ads in Clips. But it’s still surprising given investors’ interest in Services as a way for Apple to keep growing healthily over the next few years. Ultimately, Clips’ restriction to iOS and its lack of ads says is the latest reminder that at Apple today, iOS still rules. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple Decided to Double Down on Pro Hardware Following 'Constant Negativity' From Pro Users [Report] Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7: Drop Test [Video] New iMac to Feature Intel E3-1285 v6 Processor, Faster SSDs, AMD Graphics, New Keyboard? Apple Working on 8K Display for Mac Pro, Not so Mini Mac Mini? Western Digital Unveils My Passport SSD, Its First Portable WD Solid State Drive [Video] NVIDIA Unveils New TITAN Xp Graphics Card With Mac Support Comcast is Launching a New Wireless Service Called Xfinity Mobile Apple's New Clips App for Making Expressive Videos is Now Available [Download] Microsoft Surface Beats Apple iPad in J.D. Power 2017 U.S. Tablet Satisfaction Study [Chart] Tearline is an iPhone App for American Spies Apple Signs Two Year Supply Contract for Samsung OLED Display Panels [Report] iPhone 8 Launch May Be Delayed Until October or November Geekbench 4 is a Free Download Until April 10th [Deal] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.1 [Download] Apple Announces Mac Pro Update, Plans to Debut Redesigned Mac Pro and Pro Display But Not This Year Apple Warns iCloud Users That Bug in iOS 10.3 May Have Accidentally Re-enabled Some iCloud Services Check Out This Beautiful iPhone X Concept by Martin Hajek [Video] Twitter Launches Twitter Lite Apple Patents MagSafe to USB-C Adapter Apple Updates Mac Pro Configurations, Drops Prices Apple Decided to Double Down on Pro Hardware Following 'Constant Negativity' From Pro Users [Report] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 4 hours ago by iClarified · 1941 views · Translate A new report claims the Mac Pro was in limbo at Apple but 'constant negativity' and a poor reception of its new MacBook Pro resulted in the company deciding to double down on hardware for pro users. Thom Holwerda from OSNews reports that the decision to develop a modular Mac Pro was only made in recent months and development started just a few weeks ago. He speculates that we won't see the new Mac Pro until late 2018 at the earliest but most likely early 2019. What made Apple do a 180? Well, after the announcement of the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, orders for refurbished "old" MacBook Pros supposedly went through the roof, and after the initial batch of reviews came out, they shot up even higher. This response to the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar took Apple completely by surprise. Combined with the problems surrounding the LG UltraFine 5K display and the constant negativity from professional Apple users, the company decided to double down on professional users. Notably, Apple is also said to be considering more retina MacBook Pro models without the Touch Bar and other pro features such as the ability to hook up your iPad Pro to a Mac and use it like a Cintiq. As announced, the Apple is also releasing a pro iMac. We could see that new iMac this October, perhaps with a new keyboard as well. Make sure to follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates on Apple's plans. Read More [via MacRumors] [Concept] Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - 30 minutes ago Line for PC Reply · Like · Mark as Spam paulMOGG - 4 hours ago 'Double Down ' what does that mean in plain English ? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Appley - 4 hours ago Double Down: to strengthen one's commitment to a particular strategy or course of action Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Microsoft Translator adds Japanese as a supported speech translation language 2 hours ago Android usage: Marshmallow sees its first loss; latest version of Nougat is stagnant 2 hours ago Android devices can be compromised simply by being within range of nefarious Wi-Fi networks 5 hours ago NBA Playgrounds is a return to arcade-style basketball action 5 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft Translator adds Japanese as a supported speech translation language 2 hours ago Happy Birthday: Windows 3.1 is 25 years old 8 hours ago New firmware available for Surface Book and Pro 4 running Windows 10 Creators Update 8 hours ago JD Power: Microsoft Surface beats Apple tablets, "sets the bar for customer satisfaction" 11 hours ago View all Microsoft news Android usage: Marshmallow sees its first loss; latest version of Nougat is stagnant 2 hours ago Google ends support for Google Play Games Services on iOS, cuts features on Android 17 hours ago The next Google Home speaker is expected to include a built-in Wi-Fi router 20 hours ago New Office Insider for Android build brings collaborative editing to Excel and more Apr 5, 2017 View all Google news Apple Music for Android revamped with new design and more 5 hours ago JD Power: Microsoft Surface beats Apple tablets, "sets the bar for customer satisfaction" 11 hours ago Apple's Boot Camp doesn't support clean installations of the Windows 10 Creators Update 14 hours ago Apple sued by ACCC for alleged misrepresentations over consumer rights and repairs 16 hours ago View all Apple news Wise Disk Cleaner 9.46 58 minutes ago LibreOffice 5.3.2 1 hour ago DivX 10.8.1 Apr 5, 2017 f.lux 4.20 Beta [Update] Apr 5, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 Samsung's Galaxy S8 goes shark diving with T-Mobile's latest underwater unboxing Mar 30, 2017 Unboxing and application of the Spigen GLAS.tR SLIM HD screen protector for Nintendo Switch Mar 27, 2017 View all unboxings Windows 10 for PCs build 15063.13 is available in the Production ring - here's what's fixed Apr 5, 2017 Ubuntu dropping Unity desktop in favour of GNOME Apr 5, 2017 Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs officially revealed for the "most powerful console ever" 17 hours ago Happy Birthday: Windows 3.1 is 25 years old 8 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 95% off The 2017 Complete Java Bundle with Neowin Deals, get for just $49 18 hours ago Save 75% off a lifetime license to GlassWire Elite, get for just $49 via Neowin Deals Apr 5, 2017 Get this 8-course Complete Computer Science Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Apr 4, 2017 Grab a lifetime subscription to TigerVPN for only $29 - limited time offer Apr 3, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple Music for Android revamped with new design and more By Cage Appleby Neowin LLC · 5 hours ago with 1 comment Apple has been sitting at their design easel playing catch up for a quite some time now. The company has just released an update to Apple Music for Android which brings the app on par with its iOS counterpart released last July. Apple Music 2.0 for Android brings a sleek coat of paint paired with a few new features tagging along for the ride. With a focus on introducing "greater clarity and simplicity", Apple has organized content into sections such as Library, For You, and Radio, dressed in bold headers specific to each section. In addition, the Now Playing tab allows users to read lyrics for songs they are listening too - for you know, those who have the desire to belt out a number to their favorite tracks. Navigating music has become arguably easier with a new music list which sits comfortably below 'Browse'. Apple Music will also send customized recommendations for playlists, albums, and more, influenced by the type of music you are listening to, which is rather neat. The new design is a welcomed addition and a worthy upgrade from the previous version. However, it may come as no surprise that the Android version is not exactly on Apple's radar considering how long it took for the 2.0 update to arrive. Back in December, we reported that Apple announced their music streaming service reached 20 million paid subscribers, which is quite a feat but still leaves the company chasing Spotify's 50 million paid subscribers. Considering Apple Music for Android currently has ten million downloads on Google Play, it may leave you wondering what percentage of Android users pay for a subscription and account for Apple Music's user base. Regardless, it is great to see Apple supporting their app on its competitor's platform, even if it took them nine months to catch up with iOS 10. Head on over to the Google Play Store to check for updates or to download the app. Source: TechCrunch Gallery: Apple Music 2.0 for Android Tags Apple Apple music Android Android apple music Apple music 2.0 Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Huawei defeats Samsung in legal fight in China Next Story NBA Playgrounds is a return to arcade-style basketball action Community Activity Refresh The Problems of living in Texas in Real World Issues The Sims Freeplay will not be receiving any more updates on Windows phones in Front Page News Microsoft officially bans game emulators from Xbox and Windows Store in Front Page News The Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update won't be coming to all Windows phones in Front Page News U.S. Launches Missiles at Syrian Base After Chemical Weapons Attack in Real World Issues Android devices can be compromised simply by being within range of nefarious Wi-Fi networks in Front Page News Forza Horizon 3 - Greatest racer of the gen? in Gamers' Hangout Spotify app for Windows phones will no longer get new features, now in "maintenance mode" in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Windows 10 for PCs build 15063.13 is available in the Production ring - here's what's fixed Apr 5, 2017 with 29 comments Ubuntu dropping Unity desktop in favour of GNOME Apr 5, 2017 with 80 comments Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs officially revealed for the "most powerful console ever" 17 hours ago with 64 comments Happy Birthday: Windows 3.1 is 25 years old 8 hours ago with 19 comments Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Android announcements, Windows 10 anticipation, and fresh fruit Mar 25, 2017 Instagram finally supports sharing multiple photos and videos in one post [Update] Feb 22, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 · Hot! It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 deals TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off Pay What You Want: Ashampoo Best Selling Software Bundle $429.92 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Show Comments 1 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs of the "most powerful console ever" project scorpio Transparent tiles coming to Start menu with Windows 10 Redstone 3 update transparent live tiles You can now install Creators Update using Microsoft's Update Assistant creators update Microsoft reveals the data it's collecting from Windows 10 devices windows 10 video HP EliteBook x360 G2: Unboxing and first impressions hp elitebook x360 Happy Birthday! Windows 3.1x turned 25 years old on April 6 windows VIDEO HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display: Unboxing and first impressions hp spectre x360 Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update won't be coming to all Windows phones windows phone Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
X Close Regional Home > News > Regional < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 7 April 2017 Australia’s consumer watchdog takes Apple to court SYDNEY: Apple has been taken to court by Australia’s consumer watchdog for violating laws by allegedly refusing to look at or repair some iPads and iPhones previously serviced by a third party. The tech giant “made false, misleading, or deceptive representations about consumers’ rights under the Australian Consumer Law,” the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) charged. The proceedings, against Apple Pty Ltd and its US-based parent Apple Inc, were brought on behalf of 275 consumers. Under Australian law, each breach could attract a fine of up to A$1.1mil (RM3.68mil), although it was up to the court to determine the size of the penalty. The case followed an ACCC investigation into reports that users who had an error that disabled their iPads or iPhones after updating their operating systems were “routinely refused” by Apple to have their devices looked at or serviced. These customers previously had their devices serviced by a third-party, “even where that repair was unrelated to the fault”, the government body said. “Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party,” ACCC chairman Rod Sims said in a statement. “Denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third-party repairer not only impacts those consumers. “(It) can also dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at lower cost than the manufacturer.” Apple in Australia had no immediate response. Sims said companies must remember that consumer rights extended to software or software updates on goods they sell. “Faults with software or software updates may entitle consumers to a free remedy under the Australian Consumer Law,” he said, adding that the ACCC was seeking remedies including financial penalties. — AFP Tags / Keywords: Australia , Apple , court Related Stories Related Stories Pakistani killed in ‘horrific’ Australia crime spree Singapore slashes jail term for showbiz pastor Record crystal meth bust in Australia Creepy crawly cargo caught in Australia Family tragedy sees Australia flood death toll rise You May Be Interested UTAR among top young varsities Speculation driving up tech stocks on Bursa, but many don't want to miss the party Joy over bumper harvest Don't tear down Ampang Park for MRT, say traders Where to find a cuddly quokka for your selfie Craft yourself a new career by embracing digital learning Others Also Read Holy cow, you're rearing cattle in the neighbourhood? Copter ‘quietly’ attracts interest ‘I still shiver at thought of frostbite’ advertisement Latest News Syrian minister sees U.S. attack as limited, does not expect escalation Turkey views U.S. missile strike in Syria positively - Deputy PM No information on Russian casualties in Syria - RIA cites embassy Health DG: Dengue vaccine not part of National Immunisation Programme Mapim: Myanmar must feel the pinch over Rohingya issue Most Viewed in News Police arrest suspect in pedestrian crossing hit-and-run accident Bored housewife turns make-up artist has over 700,000 followers on FB Woman in hit-and-run incident dies Boyfriend of alleged rape victim testifies how he tracked her phone and found her in man's bed Indonesian military blocks Malaysian optical cable project in Anambas Najib: Malaysia will no longer host F1 race from 2018 'Datuk Kabi' denies cheating senior citizen 10-year-old Chinese Latin dancer takes the floor with his Latin dance moves on US reality talent show US launches missile strike against Syria Woman killed in hit-and-run at pedestrian crossing Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Register Log in | Register Jobs24 Homes24 Drive24 MyDate24 twitter useful links Search Search Term Search Advanced search Twitter Kent News Toggle navigation Home E-edition About us Bexley Times Bromley Times Gravesend Reporter My24 Account E-edition About us Bexley Times Bromley Times Gravesend Reporter My24 Account News Ashford Canterbury Deal Dover Gravesend Maidstone Medway Sandwich Sevenoaks Shepway Swale Thanet Tonbridge Tunbridge Wells Ashford Canterbury Deal Dover Gravesend Maidstone Medway Sandwich Sevenoaks Shepway Swale Thanet Tonbridge Tunbridge Wells Sport Business Entertainment Blogs Contact us Advertise with Us Independent Press Standards Organisation About Archant Advertise with Us Independent Press Standards Organisation About Archant Ashford Canterbury Dartford Dover Gravesend Maidstone Medway Sevenoaks Shepway Swale Thanet Tonbridge Tunbridge Wells EXCLUSIVE: Velapp - the video editing app endorsed by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak - will ‘make a difference to people’s lives’ insists Kent-based entrepreneur PUBLISHED: 12:57 14 March 2017 | UPDATED: 08:52 15 March 2017 Tom Pyman Steve Wozniak and David De Min. Photo: Dan Taylor/Heisenberg Media ©Dan Taylor David De Min has created an app which allows the user to edit videos during the process of filming, saving hours of time Share Comment Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Usurv Velapp A video editing app endorsed by the co-founder of Apple will “make a difference to people’s lives”, according to its Kent-based founder. Velapp aims to save hours of time by allowing users to edit videos during the process of filming. Currently available on Apple iPhones, before the official launch in the coming weeks will see it showcased across a number of platforms, it uses the phone’s 3D touch technology to help select ‘highlights’. Users simply press harder on the screen when the best bits occur to easily cut sometimes lengthy videos down to precise points, then can share instantly via social media. A classic example, founder David De Min says, is a toddler taking its first steps - parents tend to film for long periods in anticipation of it happening, but with Velapp, you can capture the magical moment without wasting minutes, if not hours, finding it and cutting it in subsequent editing. The CEO, who attended Canterbury’s Kent College as a teenager and still lives in the city now, told KoS how it all started on a trip to the Himalayas with his brother, Michael. “We got two motorbikes and I was doing filming for a music video,” Mr De Min said. “Using Go Pros we filmed some of the most amazing memories – fly fishing, trading trout for jumpers and so on. “The roads are treacherous so we had some pretty close calls, it made for great filming. “After two-and-a-half weeks we came back with 235 hours of footage. “I consider myself a pro but it still took three weeks to cut it down, it was an absolute nightmare. “I thought ‘there must be a way to improve this’? I was pulling my hair out. “You realise what the best bits are when you’re filming at that time, in the moment, not afterwards, so I applied that idea to the technology, it’s as simple as that.” Like many entrepreneurs, Mr De Min is a natural hustler, who has the confidence and determination to get what he wants. When invited to an event where Steve Wozniak - the late Steve Jobs’ partner in crime - was the headline speaker, he was relentless in his quest to personally pick him up and show him how Velapp works. He went to Rolls Royce in Berkeley Square in London and demanded one of their finest models, telling them it was a great opportunity for the car manufacturer to get some exposure - an offer which they eventually accepted. “People kept asking who I was and I told them ‘I’m no one, I’m a random guy who started a little company in Kent’,” he said. “Eventually we got into this interview room and I spoke to Steve for half an hour, while there were a queue of journalists just waiting to have a few seconds with him. “I demoed the app and he was so impressed. “He gave me his business card and we’ve stayed in touch ever since – it’s by far the coolest card I’ve ever seen.” These are unquestionably exciting times for Mr De Min but he has had to overcome a number of significant obstacles on the road to where he is today. Born in Holland in 1990 to a Dutch father and an English mother, he moved to Oman as a small child before arriving in Kent in 1999. Diagnosed with dyslexia on arrival, he attended East Court, a special school in Ramsgate, to help him build his basic academic skills. Eventually studying IT, business studies and design and technology at Kent College, his creativity shone through - achieving 120 marks out of 120 for an A Level design project during his time on the course. “I think I look at things in a different perspective,” he said. “I really struggle with words and I’m not good at writing but have always been quite creative. “You can’t let a failure or a setback stop you, so many people have doubts about themselves. “You need to have that passionate belief and I think having such a drive is helping me push forward and make a difference to people’s lives, even just by saving them time – that’s what keeps me going.” The biggest hurdle for him to overcome, however, was the tragic death of older brother Jamie, who lost his battle with cancer aged just 17, despite a bone marrow transplant from Mr De Min. “It’s a difficult subject but I try to look at it from a positive because he always said he wanted us to be happy, he was such an inspiration. “It’s certainly brought the family together, my other brother Michael is one of my best friends and now we’ve both got a very different outlook on life. “Now when I see siblings fighting or not talking to each other I think it’s so sad and such a waste because I know what I’ve lost. “I just think ‘why are you arguing? You should be so close’. “It makes you think life is so short and you’ve got to make the most of it, and that’s the attitude I take into my work as well.” Now back at his parents’ home in Canterbury “to keep costs down”, Mr De Min is readying himself for take-off, with a clear aim of seeing Velapp become part of our everyday lives. “The absolute dream would be to have the technology integrated as standard when people open the camera on their phones,” he said. “We are some time away from that but in this industry things move pretty quickly, so who knows?” Mr De Min is also launching a competition, with a prize of £200 in cash, a Velapp t-shirt and the option of mentoring and support from a renowned business advisor in the UK. To enter, simply download Velapp, use it and upload your best Velapp video to Facebook, Instagram or Twitter with the hash tags #Velapp and #Kent – and don’t forget to like the Velapp Facebook page. Keywords: Netherlands Kent London Canterbury Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Other popular content Canterbury beats Sevenoaks and Tunbridge Wells to be named number one commuter town in Kent Yesterday, 09:12 Tom Pyman Vivo Property Buyers says London city dwellers are being drawn to Canterbury’s medieval heritage and countryside, reasonably priced family homes and quality education system Passengers in Kent and south east London demand ‘punctual, reliable services with enough room to sit and stand’ from next rail franchise Yesterday, 00:01 Tom Pyman Research has been conducted by independent watchdog Transport Focus after the government launched a consultation last month The Voice finalists Into The Ark to join Tom Jones in Canterbury this summer Tue, 13:59 Emily King They’ll be playing an outside concert at the Spitfire Ground Kent snap up Middlesex paceman James Harris on loan Tue, 13:50 Tom Pyman The county championship campaign begins on Friday Digital edition Read the Kent on Sunday e-edition today East Kent Edition Mid Kent Edition North & West Kent Edition Newsletter Sign Up Sign up to the following newsletters: Kent Life Food & Drink Kent Life Kent on Saturday Kent News Kent Life Property Kent on Sunday Email Address* Name* Keep me up to date on special promotions, products and services from Archant Community Media Limited I am happy for you to pass my information onto carefully selected third parties so they can send me information about their products and services Please agree to the terms and conditions Sign up to receive our regular email newsletter Join Most read Canterbury beats Sevenoaks and Tunbridge Wells to be named number one commuter town in Kent The smirking ringleader of gang who lived affluent lifestyle by smuggling the vulnerable into Kent concealed amid furniture and tyres Building has started on 600 homes at Ebbsfleet Garden City in ‘remarkable’ 12 months since Jeremy Corbyn mocked project progress Craig Mackinlay predicts ‘absolute wipeout’ of Ukip seats in upcoming KCC elections MP calls for action to improve ‘shameful’ broadband service in rural areas of east Kent Local business directory Looking for a: Location: Search radius: 3 Miles 6 Miles 9 Miles 12 Miles 15 Miles 18 Miles 21 Miles 24 Miles 27 Miles 30 Miles Kent's trusted business finder Useful Links homes24 jobs24 drive24 mydate24 Site Links Contact us Terms and conditions Cookie policy Advertise with us About us Contributor's charter Archant © 2017 Archant Community Media Ltd
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Apple Valley essay contest winner looks to change the world Thursday Apr 6, 2017 at 12:40 PM Apr 6, 2017 at 5:52 PM Rene Ray De La Cruz Staff Writer @DP_ReneDeLaCruz APPLE VALLEY — Enrique Arcilla has recently discovered his writing has not only allowed him to craft stories for the edification of others, but the process is also crafting him. The 16-year-old junior from the Academy for Academic Excellence in Apple Valley has won several writing contests, with one essay getting the attention of the Mojave Water Agency. Arcilla was chosen as the MWA 2016 Essay Contest winner, with his essay titled, “The Path to Sustainability,” focusing on a water-wise population in 2036 through efforts begun some 20 years earlier. “I actually entered the contest because of the opportunity to win a $5,000 scholarship,” said Arcilla, who lives in Apple Valley. “But as I worked through the process of research and writing, I soon found myself becoming more aware of the issue — that’s when I became more of an environmentalist.” Arcilla said the MWA essay was one of many pieces he’s written that has broadened his understanding of the world and has begun to craft his perception of life. The MWA essay winner was also given the opportunity to speak at the agency’s 2016 High Desert Water Summit at Barstow Community College's Performing Arts Center. The agency was so impressed that it invited him to serve as emcee of the 2017 High Desert Water Summit at High Desert Church last month. Arcilla is currently participating in several writing contests, including one with the Lions Club International where the young writer has focused his essay on privacy rights as they relate to national security. “These contests are not just about winning scholarship money, but about the edification I’ve received by my participation,” Arcilla said. “I wish more people would become engaged in the process of learning about issues and taking action.” Arcilla is the son of Ricardo Arcilla, a business analyst at St. Joseph Health, St. Mary, and Monica Loaiza-Arcilla, a math and social studies teacher at Vanguard Preparatory School. Both have supported their son in his academic endeavors. Arcilla is a member of his school’s mock trial team, volunteers at St. Joseph Health, St. Mary, works with AAE’s Make-A-Wish Club and plans to attend Pomona College to study sociology and economics. “I’d like to obtain my masters in sociology, with an emphasis in political science,” Arcilla said. "My ultimate goal is to work for the United Nations in economic and social development. I’d like to help influence the growth of nations for sustainable patterns of growth.” Arcilla credits his parents, teachers and friends who have encouraged and influenced him to push the boundaries of learning and activism. “I think those around me have helped me to become more outgoing and to try new things that I might have been afraid to fail in,” Arcilla said. “I read that failure is just a stepping stone to success.” Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, RDeLa Cruz@VVDailyPress.com or on Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $1,550 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, $150 UE Boom 2... What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more... Don’t want internet providers to sell your browsing data? Use a VPN Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak?   skip to main content skip to main menu     Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? By Christian Zibreg, Apr 6, 2017 Tweet 2 Comments Apple has confirmed it’s working on a completely rethought, highly modular Mac Pro that won’t arrive this year. Thom Holwerda, managing editor of OSNews, is not entirely convinced that the machine will ship next year either. After talking to people and sources “who know their stuff”, he now suspects we won’t see the new Pros before late 2018 or early 2019 given how long it takes to develop a new desktop like a Mac Pro. Keep in mind that his comments appear to be derived from anecdotal evidence, meaning you should take the story with a grain of salt. “Constant negativity” from pro users is said to have prompted Apple’s top dogs to pull a 180-degree turn and double down on professional users. Still, the decision to go ahead and develop a modular Mac Pro replacement struck Thom’s sources as having been made in recent months, “with development starting only a few weeks ago”. Apple’s change of heart came as a result of MacBook Pro complaints. Here’s an interesting quote: After the announcement of the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, orders for refurbished “old” MacBook Pros supposedly went through the roof, and after the initial batch of reviews came out, they shot up even higher. This response to the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar took Apple completely by surprise. Assuming the project was really approved just a few weeks ago, Thom concludes that we can expect the new Mac Pro in late 2018 at the earliest. “Most likely it won’t be until early 2019 before it ships,” he speculated. When Apple’s execs announced minor Mac Pro updates on Tuesday, they told the press that next-gen Mac Pros along with Apple-branded pro displays “will not ship this year”. Curiously enough, they never mentioned “next year” or any year for that matter. “All in all, there is definitely excitement in the air regarding professional Mac use, and to be honest—that’s been a while,” Thom writes. I agree with his comment, but I don’t think the next Mac Pro is really two years away. True, creating the next Mac Pro will take longer than it usually takes to do a new Mac. After all, it’s going to be a complete overhaul of the entire system—from the housing, which will be highly modular, to most of the internals and other parts. I just don’t think it’s going to take two whole years before first shipments of the next Mac Pro start arriving at customers’ doorsteps. To put it another way, by 2019 existing Pros will have been even more hopelessly outdated than they are today three years after they were introduced (Tuesday’s minor CPU upgrades to the Mac Pro lineup changed little in that regard). Worse, Apple’s rattled pro users who have recently jumped ship, or are considering switching platforms soon, will be highly unlikely to return to Apple’s fold in 2019. Apple knows this and I think they’re working around the clock to put the next Mac Pros in customers’ hands as soon as possible in order to regain lost trust. Will the next Mac Pros ship in 2018 or 2019, do you think? Source: OSNews Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Is Apple working on 8K display for its completely rethought Mac Pro? The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore Apple is “sorry” about “a pause” in Mac upgrades Apple updates Mac Pro, confirms new model with modular design and pro displays due in 2018 Related Topics Apple, Mac, Mac Pro, News, Rumors drewjbx Apple still makes computers? Thought it was just iphones and ipads… Mark S If it looks like the POS pictured in this article I’ll never buy it.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? Apple’s Clips app does not work on 32-bit devices The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore Hands on with Clips, Apple’s new social video editing app Apple’s free app of the week: Toca Life: School   The latest jailbreak news NoLockScreenCam disables camera access on the Lock screen How to save .shsh2 blobs for the Apple TV Customize the look of your Messages app with BetterMessages This tweak helps you differentiate comments in the official Reddit app Let’s Talk Jailbreak 160: On the gravy train for life iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish High-End 15-inch MacBook Pro Without Touch Bar Rumored By Tyler Lee on 04/06/2017 17:15 PDT When Apple launched their 2016 MacBook Pros, only the lowest-end configuration of the laptops, which was a 13-inch model, came without the Touch Bar. This seemed to suggest that the Touch Bar would be more or less a staple for MacBook Pros in the future, but that may no longer be the case. In a report from OS News (via AppleInsider), they have heard that the next update to the MacBook Pros could see the higher-end 15-inch laptop launched without the Touch Bar. This doesn’t mean that Apple will be killing the Touch Bar, but rather Apple will be giving 15-inch MacBook Pro customers the option of whether or not they want the feature. Apparently this is due to poor professional response to the laptops, and based on that feedback Apple reportedly plans to give their customers that option. Presumably the model without the Touch Bar will be cheaper, so for those who aren’t willing to shell out so much money could potentially save themselves a couple of hundred. This is also in line with the rumors that 2017’s MacBook Pro refresh could see prices reduced. As it stands the cheapest 13-inch MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar is priced at $1,500, with the version with the Touch Bar priced at $1,800, although there are differences in specs that would also justify the difference in price. Take it with a grain of salt for now, but how do you guys feel about a 15-inch MacBook Pro model that won’t come with a Touch Bar? Yay or nay? Filed in Apple >Computers >Rumors. Read more about laptops and Macbook Pro. Related Articles 2017-04-05 Apple Has No Plans For ARM-Based Or Touchscreen Macs For Now 2017-03-31 Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector 2017-03-31 Apple’s MacBook Pro Dongle Sale Ends Today 2017-03-23 Refurbished 2016 15-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Available 2017-03-09 Refurbished 2016 MacBook Pro W/O Touch Bar Now Available 2017-02-23 Latest Chrome Beta Adds Support For Touch Bar Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Middle Eastern Airlines Has A Workaround On Electronics Ban Galaxy S8’s Battery Will Degrade Slower Than The Galaxy S7 User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 2.0M 450K 365K 56K 14K 21K 65K 45K Android Deals Sponsored Post: Ulefone Power 2 With 6050 mAh Battery $177.99 Pick Up the Beats Powerbeats3 Wireless In-Ear Headphones for $149 – 4/6/17 Newegg’s 24-Hour Sale Discounts TV’s, Laptops, Headphones & More! – 4/6/17 Pick Up The 2017 Complete Java Bundle for $49 – 4/6/17 Recent News Samsung Announces Very Positive Earnings Guidance For Q1 2017 It’s A Good Time To Consider Securing Your Personal Data Freedom Mobile Builds Out LTE And Nets A Roaming Partner Meet Runtasty, Runtastic’s New Healthy Food Recipe App Recent Reviews Blackview P2 Android Smartphone Review LG G6 Video Review: 1 Month Later LG G6 Review Gionee A1 Android Smartphone Review Phone Comparison: Apple iPhone 7 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 April 6, 2017 - Written By Cory McNutt Introduction Do we have a good one for you today – the Apple iPhone 7 goes up against the new Samsung Galaxy S8. Every time Samsung comes out with a new model, we like to put it up against the best that its arch-rival, Apple can produce. The other day we looked at the iPhone 7 Plus and the Galaxy S8 Plus, so it is only befitting that we look at the two smaller models as well. The Apple iPhone is a solidly built device, but that is not the problem we Android lovers have with the iPhone – we object to its restrictive iOS and that is not going to change when we look at the iPhone 7. These two devices could not be more different in their specifications or design philosophy, but we will look and see just what common threads we can find. The iPhone 7 and the Galaxy S8 look nothing like one another inside or out. The iPhone 7 is an all-metal design with large bezels all around, whereas the Galaxy S8 is an all glass design with no bezels on the right or left and only small ones at the top and bottom. Even though the Galaxy S8’s display is 1.1-inches larger, the device itself is less than 10mm taller and 1mm wider and weighs only 17 grams more. Besides the size of the display, they use a different technology and different resolutions. When it comes to processors, the iPhone 7 uses its own Apple A10 Fusion and the Samsung Galaxy S8 uses the newest Snapdragon 835 octa-core 10nm processor in the US Model, although the Samsung Exynos 8895 octa-core 10nm processor is used in other markets. The iPhone offers 32GB, 128GB, or 256GB of fixed internal storage while the Galaxy S8 offers 64GB of expandable UFS 2.1 storage. The primary cameras are both 12MP – although the Galaxy S8 uses a Dual Pixel variety. The front-facing cameras (FFC) are only a megapixel a part – 7MP on the iPhone 7 and 8MP on the Galaxy S8. Both will provide you with excellent photos and social media selfies. They both use a non-removable battery, but the Galaxy S8 is much larger and offers rapid charge and quick wireless charging. They both provide a fingerprint sensor for unlocking the phone and authorizing mobile payments – the iPhone only offers Apple Pay while the Galaxy S8 provides Android Pay and Samsung Pay. They have the usual suspects – WiFi, Bluetooth (iPhone with v4.2 and S8 with v5.0), GPS, and NFC (the iPhone’s is only good for Apple Pay), and they each have a connector for charging and data transfer but the Apple plug is proprietary, and the Galaxy S8 uses a standard reversible Type-C port. Please take a thoughtful look at the detailed Specifications Comparison chart below, and here you will see just how these two great devices stack up against one another – click on the “View Full Comparison” link at the end of the chart to expand the details. After that, we will look at each device in greater depth and point out some of its pros and cons. From all of this information, we will try to determine the winner based on specs and execution of design and functions. Specifications Apple iPhone 7 The Apple iPhone 7 looks very similar to the iPhone 6s that it replaces. Oh, it has a few enhancements, especially when it comes to the processor, but Apple’s leaps and bounds in the cameras area are starting to slow down. Externally, you will notice that the antenna lines were moved to the top and bottom of the device to make them less conspicuous. The Home button is no longer physical, but a touch-sensitive button to sense your fingerprint. The 3D Touch, introduced on the iPhone 6 has been improved, as well as the Display Zoom. Apple threw in an IP67 certification for dust and water resistance, but the real improvements are in the processor and GPU. Let’s take a look and see just how the iPhone 7 holds up to the new Samsung Galaxy S8. The Apple iPhone 7 is sporting a small, by today’s standards, 4.7-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with only an HD resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels and 326 pixels-per-inch (PPI), which Apple likes to call their ‘Retina Display’. The display does include an improvement on Apple’s 3D Touch that allows the user to press a finger, with varying degrees of force, to make multiple selections. The powerful processor is their new Apple A10 Fusion quad-core clocked at 2.34GHz and coupled to a PowerVR Series 7XT Plus six-core graphics processor. The iPhone 7 packs only 2GB of DDR4 RAM and either 32GB, 128GB, or 256GB of non-expandable internal storage. Apple did make some considerable changes in its camera area on the iPhone 7 Plus, but not on the iPhone 7. It still packs a 12MP sensor, phase detection autofocus (PDAF), Quad-LED dual-tone flash, and OIS, but they did increase the aperture from f/2.2 to f/1.8 that should allow better low light shots. For its FFC, the iPhone 7 replaced the 5MP with a 7MP sensor with an aperture of f/2.2 for selfies and video chatting, or as they would call it, AppleTalk. It uses a small 1960mAh non-removable battery to supply power and Apple still offers no form of rapid charging for their batteries. The Apple iPhone 7 comes with many changes and refinements – an improved camera lens, a Quad LED flash, an improved 3D Touch, improved stereo sound, improved Home button, and added IP67 dust and water resistance. Apple kept the same 2GB of RAM, but finally, did away with the ridiculously low 16GB model and now offers 32GB of non-expandable memory as the standard amount. Apple removed the 3.5mm headphone jack and supplied an adapter for regular earphones or you can switch to Bluetooth earphones to avoid the proprietary plug. So far, Apple and the Moto Z line have lost their earphone jacks. It measures 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm and weighs in at 138 grams. Pricing starts out at $649 for the 32GB model and jumps to $750 for 128GB. The iPhone does have an NFC chip, but only for Apple Pay; so there will be no available Android Pay. Apple still uses its proprietary plugs and ecosystem services like iTunes, Apple Pay, iMessage, and AppleTalk, making it increasingly difficult for iPhone users to communicate with Android folks. Samsung Galaxy S8 The new Samsung Galaxy S8 only jumped up one number, but it looks and acts nothing like its predecessor. Gone is the flat display on the Galaxy S7 as Samsung introduces their new Infinity Display that seamlessly wraps around the sides of the device and it has allowed Samsung to squeeze much more display into a smaller area. Also missing is a favorite of Samsung – the physical ‘Home’ button that is now an on-display key. The lower part of the display now has 3D Touch capabilities and when pressed, the ‘Home’ as well as the ‘Back’ and ‘App’ keys magically appear on the lower part of the display. The fingerprint sensor is now on the back of the device, inconveniently near the camera lens, but Samsung gives us alternative ways to unlock the device – facial recognition and an iris scanner. The new Galaxy S8 is a real beauty and one sexy device, even more so than the ‘Edge’ display, but does it have the specs to beat the iPhone 7? Let’s check out the Galaxy S8 to see where it stands. The Galaxy S8 jumps the screen from 5.1-inches to a larger 5.8-inch Infinity Display that uses the Super AMOLED QHD+ display with a resolution of 2960 x 1440 pixels and 570 PPI. Out of the box, Samsung set the default resolution to 2220 x 1080 to conserve battery life, but it can be manually turn up to the maximum through the settings. The display uses a 18.5:9 aspect ratio making it taller and slightly narrower, although it truly does go edge-to-edge taking up 83.6-percent of the front of the phone. The Galaxy S8 retains the ‘always-on’ screen to help save battery life and makes it easy and quick to check notifications. Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protects the display. The newest Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 octa-core 10nm processor clocked at 2.35GHz and an Adreno 540 GPU are used in the models destined for the US. In other countries, the Galaxy S8 will use Samsung’s Exynos 8895 octa-core 10nm processor with four cores clocked at 1.7GHz and four cores clocked at 2.3GHz. The Galaxy S8 packs 4GB of DDR4 RAM and has 64GB of the faster UFS 2.1 expandable memory via a microSD card. We were surprised that Samsung used the same camera from the Galaxy S7 with a Dual Pixel 12MP sensor. Samsung said they concentrated on making advancements to their imaging software and kept that same f/1.7, 26mm, PDAF, LED flash, auto HDR and OIS. Samsung did up the FFC from a 5MP to an 8MP sensor and added its own autofocus while retaining its wide-angle lens, the same f/1.7 aperture, and Live HDR. The camera area should continue to take great pictures, but it is odd that Samsung did nothing to the primary camera’s hardware. Samsung also kept the same sized non-removable 3000mAh battery that features Quick Charge and still offers Quick Wireless Charging. The Galaxy S8 has many ‘extras’ and some of them you will use and others you may not, but they are there just the same. It has the better IP68 certification rating against dust and water; it sports a heart rate monitor and oxygen saturation sensor. Samsung Health has replaced Samsung’s S-Health and you will find a new Samsung Connect feature to tie together Samsung’s appliances, SmartTVs, thermostats and other IoT (Internet of Things). Samsung’s new Bixby personal assistant works a lot like Google Assistant, but also uses the camera to answer your questions – point it at a historical building and it will tell you the history of the place or aim it at a sign in a foreign language, and Bixby will translate it for you. Another new feature is the DeX Station that will interface the Galaxy S8 with a monitor, keyboard, and mouse for a desktop experience – this concept has never proven to be popular in the past, but we will have to wait and see if DeX takes off. The Galaxy S8 can use both Android Pay as well as Samsung Pay, which will allow Galaxy S8 users more freedom to make mobile purchases just about anywhere a merchant can swipe a credit or debit card. Either the Galaxy S8 will come with Android Nougat 7.0, followed by a quick upgrade, or it may possibly include 7.1 by release time. It measures 148.9 x 68.1 x 8.0 mm, weighs in at 155 grams, is available in Midnight Black, Orchid Gray, Arctic Silver, Coral Blue, and Maple Gold depending where you are located. The Galaxy S8 will cost about $720 outright and is now available for pre-order to be delivered no later than April 21. …And The Winner Is… The Final Word There was never a doubt that the Samsung Galaxy S8 would be the winner of this comparison and not because we are Android lovers and consider the Nougat 7.1 superior over the iOS used in the iPhone – the Galaxy S8 is simply a much more advanced device. The iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch display and that just does not cut it for most users, nor will the HD display of only 326 PPI. The design of the phone is getting a little outdated and a little tired looking, especially when compared to Samsung’s Infinity Display on the Galaxy S8 – the bezel free sides and small bezels at the top and bottom make the large bezels on the iPhone almost ‘clown-like’. The iPhone only gives its users 2GB of RAM and 32GB of standard fixed memory, whereas the Galaxy S8 doubles the RAM to 4GB and has a minimum of 64GB of expandable memory. With an excellent camera, and all of the added features it brings to the table, the Galaxy S8 is the clear winner in this comparison. The iPhone 7 is nice little phone, but other than the Apple name; it is lacking many things for a real power user. You really cannot enjoy a game or video with a 4.7-inch display. Once you try a larger display, there is no going back – try going back to a 21 or 26-inch TV after watching sports or a movie on a 60-incher. The iPhone may run fine on just 2GB of RAM, but then you cannot run two apps at once in a split-screen mode, you need RAM for that to happen. The iPhone takes nice pictures, but DxOMark scores it less than last year’s Galaxy S7. It does offer better sound through its stereo speakers, but for only $70 more than the iPhone 7 the Galaxy S8 gives you 32GB more expandable internal memory, a bigger and better display, and a slew of additional features, making it the winner. Post navigation Best Android Phones – April 2017 Android Nougat Has Increased To 4.9% Of Devices For April April 6, 2017 | Android Phone Comparisons Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Samsung Announces Very Positive Earnings Guidance For Q1 2017 It’s A Good Time To Consider Securing Your Personal Data Google Publishes An Analysis Of Their Custom TPU Chips Freedom Mobile Builds Out LTE And Nets A Roaming Partner Meet Runtasty, Runtastic’s New Healthy Food Recipe App Newegg’s 24-Hour Sale Discounts TV’s, Laptops, Headphones & More! – 4/6/17 Possible Moto E4 Plus Makes It To The FCC Sponsored Post: Ulefone Power 2 With 6050 mAh Battery $177.99 Android Nougat Has Increased To 4.9% Of Devices For April Phone Comparison: Apple iPhone 7 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Best Android Phones – April 2017 Sponsored Game Review: Caveboy GO Twitter Resists US Demand For Dissident Account Info Qualcomm’s NXP Acquisition Approved By US Regulators Leaked Specs Show Up For Huawei’s MediaPad T3 Variants Best Android Apps — Privacy — April 2017 Google Outs New Tools To Aid Material Design Compliance LG G6 Video Review: 1 Month Later Android Things Developer Preview 3 Now Available LG G Watch R & 1st Gen. Watch Urbane Get Android Wear 2.0 Best Cell Phone Plans – April 2017 Load More Posts Follow Share
Products↓ Fruit Apples & Pears Avocados Bananas Berries Citrus Exotics Grapes Kiwifruit Mangoes & Papayas Melons Tomatoes Pineapples Stonefruit Dried Fruit & Nuts Vegetables Artichokes Asparagus Aubergines Brassicas Exotic Vegetables Leafy & Salad Vegetables Mushrooms Onions & Garlic Peas & Beans Peppers & Squashes Potatoes Root Vegetables Sweetcorn Other Products Flowers Herbs Topics↓ Asia Fruit Logistica Audio Brexit Bushel Box Charity China: Market Focus Comment & Analysis Consumers Convenience Crime Data Economics & Finance Education Environment Events Exotics Fairtrade & CSR Features Food Safety & Certification Foodservice Fresh Focus Chile Fruit Logistica Global Berry Congress Government Health Interviews Local Sourcing Marketing Mergers & Acquisitions Money Organics Packaging & Technology People Podcasts Production & Trade Recruitment & Training Research & Development Retail & Distribution The Importer Transport & Logistics Videos Week in pictures Wholesale Countries↓ Americas Americas Argentina Bahamas Bermuda Bolivia Brazil Canada Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Honduras Jamaica Mexico Nicaragua North America Panama Peru South America Suriname United States Uruguay Venezuela Europe, Middle East & Africa Afghanistan Africa Albania Algeria Armenia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cameroon Cape Verde Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Egypt England Estonia Ethiopia Europe Finland France Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Hungary Iceland Iran, Islamic Republic of Ireland Israel Italy Jordan Kenya Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Liberia Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malta Mauritius Middle East Moldova, Republic of Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Namibia Netherlands Nigeria Norway Oman Palestinian Territory, Occupied Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South-East Europe Spain Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Tanzania, United Republic of Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Zimbabwe Asia-Pacific Asia Australia Bangladesh Bhutan British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Cambodia China Fiji French Polynesia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Laos Macao Malaysia Myanmar Nepal New Caledonia New Zealand Pakistan Papua New Guinea Philippines Samoa Singapore Sri Lanka Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Tonga Turkmenistan United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Magazines↓ Americafruit Americafruit Americafruit is the news and information service for fresh produce buyers in North America. Eurofruit Eurofruit Eurofruit is Europe's leading source of fresh produce news and analysis Asiafruit Asiafruit Asiafruit is the leading international magazine for fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia. Fruitnet Live Fruitnet Live Fruitnet Live organises the world’s leading fresh produce conference and networking events. Fresh Produce Journal Fresh Produce Journal Fresh Produce Journal is Britain's favourite fresh produce industry magazine since 1895. Produce Plus Produce Plus Produce Plus is the leading magazine for fresh produce marketing in Australia and New Zealand. Events↓ Asiafruit Congress Asiafruit Congress 5 September 2017, HONG KONG (China) Asia's premier conference event for the fresh produce business takes place in Hong Kong alongside ASIA FRUIT LOGISTICA. 400+ delegates from 40 countries. Eurofruit Business Forum @ WOP Dubai Eurofruit Business Forum @ WOP Dubai 13-15 November 2016, DUBAI (UAE) Organised by Eurofruit, information sessions on the show floor at WOP-Dubai 2016 with entry FREE to all exhibitors and visitors at the exhibition. Global Berry Congress Global Berry Congress 27-29 March 2017, ROTTERDAM (The Netherlands) The annual conference event of choice for the international berry business. Attracts more than 350 of the world's top berry players. Asia Fruit Logistica Asia Fruit Logistica 6-8 September 2017, HONG KONG(China) Asia's leading fresh produce trade show. More than 8,000 visitors and almost 500 exhibitors. Up by 25 per cent in 2014. Fruit Logistica Fruit Logistica 8 February 2017, BERLIN (Germany) The world's premier international fresh fruit and vegetable exhibition with 2,884 exhibitors and 70,000 visitors. Fresh Produce India Fresh Produce India 27-28 April 2017, MUMBAI (India) India's leading fresh produce conference and networking event. More than 250 delegates from India and rest of the world. Organised by Asiafruit Magazine. Fresh Produce Forum China Fresh Produce Forum China 23-25 May 2017, CHENGDU (China) 2nd China Conference powered by Asiafruit Magazine and ASIA FRUIT LOGISTICA FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress 4 May 2017, Belfry Hotel & Resort, Birmingham (United Kingdom) The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress is the number-one platform for fresh produce leaders to meet and discuss the future of the trade Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe 21-22 November 2017, BELGRADE (Serbia) Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe returns to Belgrade for a fresh round of discussions and networking designed to promote interest, investment and innovation in new and emerging areas of the fresh produce business. Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress 21-22 September 2017, DÜSSELDORF (Germany) The German Fruit & Vegetable Congress (DOGK) is a one-day event with presentations in the plenary and parallel forums to all important and current topics and issues throughout the supply chain. European Tomato Forum European Tomato Forum 1-2 June 2017, Düsseldorf, Germany From seed to fork. Europe's new networking and information platform for the entire tomato sector. Go ↓in any time period Any time period Past 24 hours Past week Past month Past year  Login Email address Password LoginLogin Forgotten your password? Subscribe Now Homepage (Asiafruit) Latest News More about Asiafruit Event calendar Subscribe Contacts Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net For fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia Matthew Jones BY MATTHEW JONES @matt_fruitnet facebook pinterest linkedin twitter googleplus Download PDF Print Friday 7th April 2017, 07:43 Hong Kong Garry Langford to depart APAL Industry stalwart looks to pursue new opportunities after almost 20 years with peak body Garry Langford Related Articles 1Apple imports shine in India 2T&G celebrates in Thailand 3Rockit gains fresh investment 4Subscribers onlyBlue Whale eyes India 5Subscribers onlyEarly end to USA Pears deal 6Scales posts record NZ$38.2m profit 7Strand Apples and Favco join forces 8Record crop for NZ apples and pears 9Origin Group eyes new markets 10Alan Pollard takes charge at Shaffe Apple and Pear Australia (APAL) has announced Garry Langford will be departing the peak industry body after 19 years of service. Langford will continue in his current role as manager of APAL’s intellectual property division until June. During his time at APAL, Langford has managed the Australian Pome Fruit Improvement Programme (APFIP) – including oversight of APFIP’s role in the certification of nursery trees – and served as an effective liaison with international breeding programmes, and the Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service (AQIS).  He has also been a director of Prevar, a world-class apple and pear breeding programme. Langford has been instrumental in developing APAL’s world-leading intellectual property business, based on the Pink Lady trade mark, which is now registered in more than 70 territories worldwide. His departure comes as APAL develops a new industry strategy, which aims to align with the organisation’s focus on supporting commercial apple and pear growers. “Sadly, as we work through this process one of our longstanding team members, Garry Langford, has informed us he will be leaving APAL in the coming months to pursue new opportunities,” APAL chief executive Phil Turnbull said in a release. While not yet finalised, the new strategy will place more emphasis on the commercial side of the business to open new opportunities for growers. “We will continue to manage APAL for the benefit of the Australian industry and Australian growers in line with our constitution,” Turnbull added. “However, we will also focus on a new level of rigour around performance and a renewed accountability for outcomes. We want the value we create for our growers, licensees and stakeholders to be more transparent as we grow. “I’ve been extremely gratified and encouraged by our team’s ability to pull together as we have worked through this review. The Board is unanimous in its support for our strategic direction, and the APAL team are engaged and enthusiastic about the future.”             Comments (0) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Sign up for free news updatesGo Popular news Read: LatestMost read 1Fruitday extends offline reach 2Aussies feel boost of Japan FTA 3Fruit consumption falls further 4Garry Langford to depart APAL 5Zespri releases more Gold3 6Pakistan faces tough challenges 7E-commerce pioneers to speak in Hangzhou 8The Greenery doubles its profits 9NZ industry wins GM battle 10Seeka opens new office 1Spanish port strike to go ahead 2Mindanao must endure El Niño 3Hamburg Süd tests low-sulphur fuel 4Industry leaders to address FPI 5Global Plant Genetics ties up blueberry deal 6NZ police investigate kiwifruit fraud claim 7Audio: brands key to adding new value 8Apple imports shine in India 9Lemon research drives Australian sales 10Vietnam pegged as convenience hotspot Upcoming Events April to June 2017 Fresh Produce India MUMBAI (India) 27-28 April 2017 FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress Belfry Hotel & Resort, Birmingham (United Kingdom) 4 May 2017 European Tomato Forum Düsseldorf, Germany 1-2 June 2017  Keep informed...  Twitter  Blog  Podcasts  Video  RSS Feed  Instagram Sign up for free news updatesGo Features & Analysis Strong first half for Costa Australia’s leading fresh produce group saw pre-tax profits rise 26.6 per cent, boosted by a “solid performance” across its four core categories Online dating for fresh produce They describe themselves as the matchmakers of fresh produce – but what does this latest wave of fruit and veg e-commerce platforms offer suppliers? SH topfruit forecast revealed World Apple and Pear Association forecasts fall in Southern Hemisphere topfruit production in 2016 Agrofresh in Plant & Food agreement Two organisations establish a formal science, technology and business cooperation agreement Alibaba to promote Chilean fruits Chilean Fruit Exporters Association signs agreement with e-commerce giant to promote and sell Chilean blueberries and cherries in China Australia has little to gain from TPP The Trans Pacific Partnership will not deliver any significant benefits for Australia’s horticulture trade, argues market analyst Wayne Prowse Subscribers onlyGiles: Much more to come from Asia Promar International divisional director John Giles asks whether we are merely at the tip of the iceberg of Asian market growth Kiwifruit shines in Japan Leading Japanese importer hails “amazing” market performance for kiwifruit, which enjoyed record results in June Central finds new outlet for convenience Thai retailer working with its new convenience store chain partner FamilyMart to develop a fresh produce offering for consumers on-the-go NZ trade mission to Taiwan Thirty delegates from New Zealand will head to Taiwan on a trade mission to celebrate the ANZTEC agreement Industry Events PreviousNext Asiafruit Congress Asia Fruit Logistica Fresh Produce India Fresh Produce Forum China FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress European Tomato Forum Latest Tweets Asiafruit @asiafruit Fruitday extends offline reach Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Aussies feel boost of Japan FTA Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Fruit consumption falls further Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Garry Langford to depart APAL Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Zespri releases more Gold3 Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Pakistan faces tough challenges Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit E-commerce pioneers to speak in Hangzhou Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit The Greenery doubles its profits Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit NZ industry wins GM battle Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Seeka opens new office Click here TwitterFollow Us For fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia Event calendar Contacts Disclaimer Refund Policy Site map Disclaimer Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net © Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com 2017Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com 132 Wandsworth Road, London, SW8 2LB, United Kingdom, Registration No. 1142 312 Cookie Policy Fruitnet.com would like to place cookies on your computer to help us make this website better. To find out more about the cookies, see our privacy policy. Don't accept Fruitnet.com cookies Accept Fruitnet.com cookies
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish New 8K Display Rumored For Apple’s New Mac Pro By Tyler Lee on 04/06/2017 16:36 PDT Last year when Apple announced the new MacBook Pros, they also announced new standalone displays made by LG. As Apple had confirmed that they would no longer be making their own displays, these UltraFine displays by LG were meant to replace Apple’s Thunderbolt Display lineup. If you thought that there would only be 4K and 5K models being offered, you could be mistaken. In a report from Pike’s Universum (via Cult of Mac), they are claiming that Apple could have new 8K displays that they are planning for the next-generation of Mac Pros. Earlier this week, Apple confirmed that they would be rethinking the Mac Pro with new models possibly coming in 2018, alongside new external displays. Apple did not go into details so we wouldn’t be surprised if an 8K display would be part of the company’s new lineup of displays. After all a lot of Apple’s computing devices have expanded beyond the Full HD standard, so it wouldn’t really make sense for Apple to offer up Full HD displays, right? Whether or not Apple will continue their partnership with LG in the manufacturing of the displays remains to be seen, so take it with a grain of salt for now, and also you might want to start saving if Dell’s 32-inch 8K display is any indication of how much such displays could cost. Filed in Apple >Computers >Rumors. Read more about LG and mac pro. Related Articles 2017-04-06 LG G6 International Release Now Underway 2017-04-05 Apple Has No Plans For ARM-Based Or Touchscreen Macs For Now 2017-04-04 Apple’s Comments On Future Mac Pro Could Hint At VR Support 2017-04-04 Mac Pro Specs Get Updated After Three Years 2017-04-04 Apple Is 'Completely Rethinking' The Mac Pro Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Middle Eastern Airlines Has A Workaround On Electronics Ban Galaxy S8’s Battery Will Degrade Slower Than The Galaxy S7 User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple Decided to Double Down on Pro Hardware Following 'Constant Negativity' From Pro Users [Report] Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7: Drop Test [Video] New iMac to Feature Intel E3-1285 v6 Processor, Faster SSDs, AMD Graphics, New Keyboard? Apple Working on 8K Display for Mac Pro, Not so Mini Mac Mini? Western Digital Unveils My Passport SSD, Its First Portable WD Solid State Drive [Video] NVIDIA Unveils New TITAN Xp Graphics Card With Mac Support Comcast is Launching a New Wireless Service Called Xfinity Mobile Apple's New Clips App for Making Expressive Videos is Now Available [Download] Microsoft Surface Beats Apple iPad in J.D. Power 2017 U.S. Tablet Satisfaction Study [Chart] Tearline is an iPhone App for American Spies Apple Signs Two Year Supply Contract for Samsung OLED Display Panels [Report] iPhone 8 Launch May Be Delayed Until October or November Geekbench 4 is a Free Download Until April 10th [Deal] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.1 [Download] Apple Announces Mac Pro Update, Plans to Debut Redesigned Mac Pro and Pro Display But Not This Year Apple Warns iCloud Users That Bug in iOS 10.3 May Have Accidentally Re-enabled Some iCloud Services Check Out This Beautiful iPhone X Concept by Martin Hajek [Video] Twitter Launches Twitter Lite Apple Patents MagSafe to USB-C Adapter Apple Updates Mac Pro Configurations, Drops Prices Apple Working on 8K Display for Mac Pro, Not so Mini Mac Mini? LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 8 hours ago by iClarified · 1955 views · Translate Apple is reportedly working on a new 8K display for the next generation Mac Pro and a new Mac mini that won't be so mini, according to a new report from Pike's Universum. A little bird told the site that the new Mac Pro will be more like a PC and could be paired with a new 8K display. Apple has confirmed that a redesigned Mac Pro and a new Pro Display are in the works. Apple is also working on a 8K display for the next generation of Mac Pro’s, which by the way will be much more like a PC with the next generation EFI BIOS. In addition to the Mac Pro, the site has learned that the next Mac mini won't be so mini. Aha. The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore. Well. The top model that is. Interestingly, their source says that Apple is moving away from mountain/park names for its next version of macOS. Two names in the running. One starts with a Mmmm. In the same report, the site claims to have learned some of the specifications for a new iMac to be launched in October. You can read more about those here. As usual, we'll keep you to date with the latest rumors and leaks ahead of the new iMac, Mac Pro, Mac mini, and more. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment Mattt - 6 hours ago Mountain lion Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $1,550 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, $150 UE Boom 2... What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more... Don’t want internet providers to sell your browsing data? Use a VPN Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak?   skip to main content skip to main menu     The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore By Christian Zibreg, Apr 6, 2017 Tweet 2 Comments Apple’s most affordable Mac starts at just $499. Described as a BYODKM desktop computer (Bring Your Own Display, Keyboard and Mouse), it’s just an inch and a half tall and weighs 2.6 pounds. They’re calling it Mac mini and it comes with four USB 3 ports, two Thunderbolt 2 ports, HDMI video output, Gigabit Ethernet, an SD card slot and more. The next Mac mini “won’t be so mini anymore.” That’s according to a source, cited by the Pike’s Universe blog, that’s usually “pretty accurate”. The comment suggests that Apple’s next flagship Mac mini model could feature a taller chassis in order to accommodate for more powerful hardware. Intel in January 2017 unveiled faster Kaby Lake processors  suitable for Mac mini. If you ask us, a next-gen Mac mini should adopt Kaby Lake, the faster Thunderbolt 3 standard, USB-C, more powerful graphics, speedier RAM, power-sipping Bluetooth 4.2 wireless technology (existing models have Bluetooth 4.0) and other perks. The current-generation Mac mini is available in three models: $499 Mac mini—Intel’s fourth-generation 1.4GHz dual-core Core i5 CPU with four gigabytes of RAM, 500GB hard drive and integrated Intel HD Graphics 500. $699 Mac mini—Intel’s fourth-generation 2.6GHz dual-core Core i5 processor with eight gigabytes of RAM, 1TB hard drive and integrated Intel Iris graphics. $999 Mac mini—Intel’s fourth-generation 2.8GHz dual-core Core i5 processor with eight gigabytes of RAM, 1TB Fusion Drive and integrated Intel Iris graphics. The $499 and $699 models can be configured with Fusion Drive, which integrates a traditional one-terabyte hard drive with 128 gigabytes of fast PCIe-based flash storage for both speed and capacity. The $699 model is upgradeable to a 3.0 GHz dual-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost up to 3.5 GHz for an extra $300. The top-of-the-line $999 model can be outfitted with a 3.0GHz dual-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost up to 3.5GHz and a 2TB Fusion Drive, with 256GB/512GB/1TB flash storage upgrades available as well. All models can be upgraded to sixteen gigabytes of 1600MHz LPDDR3 SDRAM. Make no mistake, these machines are way overdue for a refresh. Mac mini was last updated in October 2014—that’s a whopping 903 days since the computer’s last release, which in this industry feels like an eternity. Apple’s Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, Phil Schiller, told BuzzFeed’s John Paczkowski that Mac mini is still important to them: I’ll say the Mac mini is an important product in our lineup and we weren’t bringing it up because it’s more of a mix of consumer with some pro use. Mac mini remains a product in our lineup, but nothing more to say about it today. Pike’s Universum also said that the next macOS version won’t have a mountain or park name and claimed that Apple’s upcoming external display for a “completely rethought” Mac Pro will have an impressive 8K resolution. Lastly, the blog shared claimed tech specs for the new iMacs that are coming down the pike later this year. The upcoming all-in-one desktops should ship with Intel’s faster Xeon E3 chips, ECC RAM up to 64 gigabytes, Thunderbolt 3/USB-C and more. Source: Pike’s Universum Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? Is Apple working on 8K display for its completely rethought Mac Pro? Apple is “sorry” about “a pause” in Mac upgrades Mac mini is “important” and shall remain a product in Apple’s lineup for the time being Related Topics Apple, Mac, Mac Mini, News, Rumors iBanks I’d love to have an new Mac Mini. I’m still pushing my 2009 model. Get’s the job done for my needs. Chris Ryan i’m still rocking my late 2012 mac mini, with 16gb ram and dual hard drives…its still impressive to me 🙂   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? Apple’s Clips app does not work on 32-bit devices The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore Hands on with Clips, Apple’s new social video editing app Apple’s free app of the week: Toca Life: School   The latest jailbreak news NoLockScreenCam disables camera access on the Lock screen How to save .shsh2 blobs for the Apple TV Customize the look of your Messages app with BetterMessages This tweak helps you differentiate comments in the official Reddit app Let’s Talk Jailbreak 160: On the gravy train for life iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple's Touch Bar Could Be a Flop It's pretty underwhelming. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Apr 6, 2017 at 6:09PM You can't win all the time. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has a tremendous track record in terms of interface innovations. Many of the company's major breakthroughs over the past four decades have been built on revolutionary interfaces: the graphical user interface on Mac, click wheel on iPod, and capacitive touchscreens on iOS. But Apple has played it relatively conservatively when it comes to the growing market for hybrids, convertibles, and 2-in-1 devices. There is still no touchscreen Mac, in part due to ergonomic considerations, but Apple has pushed capacitive touch interfaces more aggressively than any company over the past decade. Hence, the Touch Bar. The Touch Bar that Apple launched last year is something of a compromise. By replacing the old function keys with an OLED touchscreen that can change dynamically based on an app's context -- which was the hugely successful pitch for the original iPhone's lack of buttons -- Apple hoped to bring some Multi-Touch capabilities to its most popular laptop. Well, it might have flopped. One of these is not like the other. Image source: Apple. Pros still prefer the old model OSnews is reporting some new rumors regarding Apple's new Mac Pro that it uncharacteristically preannounced earlier this week. Apple had only said that the new professional desktop would not ship this year, but fell short of saying exactly when it was targeting. Development of a newly designed version only began "a few weeks ago," according to the report. In that case, it may not see the light of day until 2019. Perhaps more interesting is why Apple felt compelled to speak out. The company has been facing unprecedented backlash from professional users, both because the Mac Pro is aging poorly and the whole Donglegate controversy. Asking professionals to go out and buy potentially hundreds of dollars' worth of adaptors and dongles just to use their existing creative tools is not only inconsiderate, it's downright mean. According to the report, the order activity spoke for itself: What made Apple do a 180? Well, after the announcement of the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, orders for refurbished "old" MacBook Pros supposedly went through the roof, and after the initial batch of reviews came out, they shot up even higher. This response to the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar took Apple completely by surprise. Combined with the problems surrounding the LG UltraFine 5K display and the constant negativity from professional Apple users, the company decided to double down on professional users. To be fair, professionals are probably more concerned about the need for adaptors than they are about the Touch Bar, but the poor early reception doesn't bode well for Apple's most recent shot at interface innovation. Touch Bar is underwhelming in its current incarnation As an Apple loyalist, I purchased one of the new 13-inch MacBook Pros with Touch Bar last year. In the roughly six months since, I can honestly say that it is indeed underwhelming. I actually value the Touch ID sensor more than the Touch Bar itself for the added convenience and security. Relative to traditional function keys, the Touch Bar isn't much of an improvement. In hindsight, it's probably not worth the $300 premium that Apple is asking compared to the non-Touch Bar models. This is mostly because you have to look down to properly use it since it constantly changes based on what app you're using, and it offers almost no shortcuts that aren't already available through regular keyboard shortcuts or the trackpad. This contrasts with iOS devices, where you're already looking at the touchscreen display, so you know what digital button you're pressing. In fact, we recently had to buy a new professional laptop for my wife, and she specifically opted for the new 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar for all of these reasons. Ultimately, Apple will very likely continue pushing forward with the Touch Bar. This is just the beginning, and it still has potential to be more useful over time if Apple can improve the software. And again, much of the backlash relates to dongles, which may not apply to everyone. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 6:09PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.66 down $0.36 (-0.25%) Read More Why Apple Is Letting Oppo and Vivo Win in China Apple, Inc. Reportedly Preparing to Begin Manufacturing iPhones in India Why Apple Inc. Wants to Build Its Own Graphics Processors The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers Apple Stock: Next Stop, $200 by 2020? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple's Touch Bar Could Be a Flop @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Apple Clips is now live: What is it and how does it work? Elyse Betters6 April 2017Apps Apple/Pocket-lint Apple Clips is a new iOS app It lets you stitch together videos with effects Includes a live-transcribe text feature Now available in Apple's App Store Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment If you haven't noticed yet, the most popular apps right now, including Snapchat, Instagram, and Facebook, are all about video. Apple has likely noticed this trend, so it's announcing a new app that it made: Clips. In a press release, the California-based company said its new app "makes it quick and fun for anyone to create expressive videos on iPhone and iPad". Clips combines video clips, photos, and music into little videos you can easily share through Messages, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, Facebook, and other social networks. What is Facebook Messenger Day and does it work like Snapchat? What is YouTube TV, which channels does it offer, and how does it work? Instagram now lets you save live videos: Here's how to do it Here's everything you need to know about Apple's Clips app, including how it works and when you can use it. What is Apple Clips? Clips is an iOS app that allows you to easily splice together a polished video without a lot of effort. Apple already offers several video creation tools, from the high-end Final Cut Pro on MacOS to iMovies for iOS and MacOS. There's even a Memories feature in the Photos app on iOS 10 that automatically pieces together slideshows from pictures. Clips is an alternative, free option that's presumably meant to help fill in the gaps. Is Apple Clips like Snapchat? Clips is like Snapchat in that it offers all sorts of fun effects that you can overlay onto your media. These include comic filters, speech bubbles, shapes, full-screen animated posters, and dozens of soundtracks that automatically adjust to match the length of the video. Clips also uniquely offers a Live Titles feature that lets you animate and create captions using just your voice (it's powered in part by Siri). What's the point of Snapchat and how does it work? How does Apple Clips work? Record and edit If you've ever made videos in apps like Instagram or Vine, you'll quickly figure out Clips. You simply hold down the record button to capture what you want, then let go, and repeat. Once you're done recording, you can drag your clips into order, and then add filters, emoji, animated icons, titles, etc. The whole experience should take mere seconds. However, you may find some hiccups when you use Live Titles. Live Titles Live titles kicks in when you want to choose a look for any text you want on-screen. You'll see a prompt to speak, and that's it. Your words will be automatically transcribed and time-coded in the video as you say them. But, like using Siri, we imagine this feature may sometimes have trouble understanding you. We'll let you know when the app becomes available and we have a chance to really take it for a spin. Sharing Videos can be shared directly to social networks and video sites, including Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Vimeo, and more. You can also share them with friends in Apple's default Messages for iOS app. When will Apple Clips be available? Clips is now available in the Apple App Store. It is be compatible with the iPhone 5S and later as well as the new 9.7-inch iPad and iPad Pro models, iPad Mini 2 and later, and the iPod Touch sixth-generation. Just make sure your device is running iOS 10.3. How much does Apple Clips cost? Apple Clips is be a free to download and use for iOS users. Want to know more? Check out Apple's Clips website, or you can visit Pocket-lint's Apple hub for related news. Sections Apple Apps This interactive map shows how futuristic Earth might look in 2050 Adobe wants to use AI and machine learning to beautify your selfies Runtastic made a cooking app with top-down videos like the ones on FB Apple Clips is now live: What is it and how does it work? Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint 43 breathtaking and incredible photos that weren't Photoshopped This interactive map shows how futuristic Earth might look in 2050 Adobe wants to use AI and machine learning to beautify your selfies What is Facebook M? Facebook Messenger's AI assistant explained Runtastic made a cooking app with top-down videos like the ones on FB Apple Clips is now live: What is it and how does it work? YouTube TV is now live: What is it, which channels does it offer, and how does it work? Apple Music 2.0 on Android: Here's what your phone can do now Microsoft's new camera app uses AI to offer up Snapchat-style effects Amazon Cash lets you shop online without a bank card - here's how Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today 43 breathtaking and incredible photos that weren't Photoshopped BT Ultra HD YouView review: 4K entertainment, but in limited supply Xbox Project Scorpio: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know This interactive map shows how futuristic Earth might look in 2050 Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs LG G6: What's the difference? Adobe wants to use AI and machine learning to beautify your selfies 8 features that make the Samsung Galaxy S8 truly unique Best Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus cases: Protect your new Samsung smartphone Honor 8 Pro review: Flagship that's no money pit Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 3 minute Read innovation agents For The First Time, Apple Drops Below Microsoft In J.D. Power’s Tablet Survey The iPad ceded the top spot to the Surface, with which Microsoft is targeting the pro and creative crowds Apple has been ignoring. 12.9-inch iPad Pro [Photo: courtesy of Apple] By Mark Sullivan04.06.17 | 6:30 pm Tim Cook likes to talk about the iPad’s glowing J.D. Power satisfaction scores when he’s trying to make everybody feel better about flagging sales of the device during quarterly earnings calls. You also hear the market research company’s scores mentioned in Apple product announcements and press releases. But the Apple CEO just lost those bragging rights, at least for the iPad. For the first time, Microsoft’s Surface tablets beat Apple’s iPads to sit atop the J.D. Power satisfaction rankings, which were announced on Thursday. Surface users collectively gave their tablets an 855 score out of a possible 1,000.  Surface users rated their tablets high for the variety of preloaded applications, internet connectivity, and the availability of manufacturer-supported accessories. Users liked the Surface’s selection of inputs and outputs, and for its internal storage. The Surface also earned top marks for design—the look and feel of the tablets. Users gave top marks for the Surface’s size, the quality of its materials, and the location of the physical buttons and controls. Surface Pro 4 “The Microsoft Surface platform has expanded what tablets can do, and it sets the bar for customer satisfaction,” said Jeff Conklin, J.D. Power’s VP of service industries. “These tablet devices are just as capable as many laptops, yet they can still function as standard tablets. This versatility is central to their appeal and success.” Interestingly, given Microsoft’s stodgy reputation, the study found that Microsoft tablet owners are more likely to be early adopters of technology and more likely to be younger, compared to users of other tablets. Not that Apple made a poor showing. Hardly. The iPad came in second with 849 points. Apple lost the top spot to Samsung in 2013, but regained the title in 2014. It tied with Samsung for the top spot in 2015, and won outright in 2016. But Microsoft was already challenging its competitor last year, finishing just one point behind Apple.   The iPad was launched in 2010, and sales climbed quickly until the tablet surpassed Mac sales in 2013. That turned out to be the iPad’s peak year. After that it began to decline quickly. Between the holiday shopping season of 2014 and the same quarter in 2016, the iPad lost 50% of its sales. It’s in that context that Apple recently announced a new budget-priced iPad. “It’s pretty significant as it comes at a time when iPads seem to have lost some momentum at retail,” says analyst Michael Gartenberg. “There’s no doubt that with the Surface 4, Surface Book, and Surface Studio, Microsoft is capturing user mindshare from Apple, and mindshare often translates to market share.”   “J.D. Power satisfaction results have always been a source of pride for Apple,” Gartenberg adds. The J.D. Power results are ill-timed for another reason, too. Apple is going to extreme lengths to recapture the hearts and minds of the professional and creative communities that have supported Apple through good times and bad. Because Apple has been very slow to update its desktop computers and Macbook Pro line, many of those users have defected or are considering it. Many have become Surface users, or are considering it. “Building products that deliver the power, versatility, and dependability that allow our customers to create their best work in any setting is fundamental to everything the team does,” a Microsoft spokesperson said about the Surface team in an email to Fast Company Thursday afternoon. Apple hates talking about future products that aren’t ready to ship, but it did exactly that Monday by saying it’s currently working on a new Mac Pro as well as some souped-up iMacs that will show up later this year. It took that rare step to send a clear message to pro and creative users that Apple hasn’t forgotten them, and to hang on. If there’s good news for Apple in the J.D. Power results, it’s that the tablet market is showing signs of health. “This is actually very good news,” writes Shawn King at Jim Dalrymple’s The Loop blog. “It means there’s competition in the tablet space. Competition breeds better tablets for all of us.” And the survey results show that consumers are more satisfied with tablets in general. The average overall satisfaction with tablets is 841 this year, an increase of 21 index points from last year. Apple declined comment on the survey results. Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories Technology Hyperloop One Swooshes Into D.C. To Try To Win Over Congress With Its Made-In-America Pitch Technology 23andMe Proves You Can Play By The Rules And Still Be Innovative Technology RIP Don Rickles. Enjoy His Best Celebrity Burns Video How This Disconnected Coffee Shop Wants To Stir Up Conversation Here's A Look Inside The World's First LEED Platinum Certified Factory What It’s Like To Meditate On Top Of The World Trade Center Here’s How This Shoe Will Decompose Like Food In Your Trash Cher’s Childhood Advice From Her Mom Still Holds Up Today Headspace CEO On How He'd Prefer Employees Meditate To Their Own Happiness Rather Than Work Success Why Tony Fadell Is Betting On This Idaho Lighting Startup Why Silicon Valley Should Look Beyond A College Degree When Hiring This Could Be Your Seat To Outer Space--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Women In Science Encourage Young Girls: "You Belong In The STEM Fields" African-Americans Are Hitting Movie Theaters In Record Numbers Here's What We Learned From Uber's Diversity Report Samsung Unveils Its Latest Galaxy Phone Post-Battery Disaster How You Can Build Your Confidence By Running Through The Mud The Lesson Your Startup Needs To Learn From Thinx’s PR Nightmare Trump's Wall Is Also Dividing The Architecture Community This Plane Could Fly To Europe In Under 4 Hours--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report How Matt Damon—And A Bunch of Balloons—Are Raising Awareness for World Water Day What John Legend Learned From Working in Consulting Hollywood Can't Win When It Comes To Race Your Next iPhone Can Now Come In Red Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal Revealed Her Questionable Office Behavior Last Summer Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal On Why Thinx Didn't Offer Period Leave How Sweetgreen Stays Competitive In A Crowded Space Of Dining Options A Microsoft Engineer Discusses Why Diversity In Tech Will Make Better Products Now You Can Literally See The Differences Between Apple And Google These Married Chefs Prove Working With Your Spouse Isn't Always A Terrible Idea Why One CEO Says It’s A Company’s Responsibility To Speak Out Politically Buzz Aldrin Wants To Take You To Mars--And Other Stories You Might've Missed more stories Hyperloop One Swooshes Into D.C. To Try To Win Over Congress With Its Made-In-America Pitch 23andMe Proves You Can Play By The Rules And Still Be Innovative RIP Don Rickles. Enjoy His Best Celebrity Burns Interactive “Magic Mirrors” Are Changing How We See Ourselves—And Shop Ideas Ideas Cities Drive The Economy, But We’re Putting Potholes In Their Way Ideas Before-And-After Photos Show How Horrifyingly Fast The World’s Glaciers Are Melting Ideas Young Entrepreneurs Are Using Instagram To Bring E-Commerce To Gaza Entertainment Entertainment RIP Don Rickles. Enjoy His Best Celebrity Burns Entertainment New Blood: “The Transfiguration” And The Horror Genre’s Continuing Maturity Entertainment “Carrie Pilby” Took 14 Years To Go From Novel To Screen–And That’s A Good Thing Co.Design Product Facebook Has Some Tips To Help You Spot The Fake News It Serves You Product What The Fortune Cookie Tells Us About Diversity And Innovation In Trump’s America Fine-Art There’s A Mile Of Neon In This Light Painting Brought To Life Fast Company Technology For The First Time, Apple Drops Below Microsoft In J.D. Power’s Tablet Survey Technology Hyperloop One Swooshes Into D.C. To Try To Win Over Congress With Its Made-In-America Pitch Technology 23andMe Proves You Can Play By The Rules And Still Be Innovative Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Don't Miss: Video: The outlook for IT pay CW@50: Data storage comes into its own Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Review: Amazon QuickSight covers the BI basics Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite management Hiding in plain sight: 4 places to find cybersecurity talent in your own organization Delphix CEO: We're having a 'massive impact' on the world’s best brands More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac News Apple breaks with secrecy to rebut negative narrative Analysts dissect why Apple talked up future Mac products this week Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Gregg Keizer Senior Reporter, Computerworld | Apr 6, 2017 12:58 PM PT Credit: Matias Cruz More like this Apple upgrades Mac Pro, says ‘sorry’ to pro users (Updated) AirPods miss is not Apple's first holiday sales flub Macs 'do more' than iPads says Apple’s Tim Cook Video Mingis on Tech: The MacBook Pro show-and-tell In a very unusual move, Apple this week renounced its usual secrecy about future products to counter questions about its commitment to the Mac, analysts said today. At an invite-only meeting with a handful of Apple bloggers and reporters, two of Apple's top executives -- marketing head Philip Schiller and Craig Federighi, who leads software engineering -- acknowledged that the firm's strategy for the Mac Pro, the company's top-of-the-line desktop, had been a mistake. While a refreshed Mac Pro will not ship this year, Schiller and Federighi promised that one is in the pipeline. [ Further reading: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price ] Along with talk of the Mac Pro -- a niche item in Apple's Mac line, which in turn has been dwarfed by the iPhone -- the executives stressed that the company was committed to the professional part of its customer base. Apple will ship new iMacs this year, they said, some configured for the "pro" users at the advanced end of the spectrum. Schiller was also adamant that Apple remains steadfast in its support of personal computers. "The Mac has an important, long future at Apple, ... Apple cares deeply about the Mac, we have every intention to keep going and investing in the Mac," Schiller told the reporters and bloggers, according to Techcrunch's Matthew Panzarino, who was there. "It was certainly very unusual for Apple to reveal anything about future products," noted Jan Dawson, principal analyst with Jackdaw Research, who also characterized it as a "big break from tradition" for the company. Other experts pointed out that, while secrecy is still Apple's go-to stance -- after all, less than a year after taking the job, CEO Tim Cook said he would "double down on secrecy on products" -- there had been hints that it was easing up. "They've given more clarity on things that interest them," contended Ben Bajarin of Creative Strategies, such as when Cook has been bullish, if only in generalities, about augmented reality. So, what was so important that Apple departed from a public relations strategy in place for decades? "Ultimately, there has been increasing unhappiness in the Mac user base," said Dawson. "This was a response to that negative narrative that's been building." Dawson was talking about last fall when, after Apple rolled out new MacBook Pro notebooks, critics panned the machines as unsuitable for professional uses like video editing, engineering work and high-end design. Rumbles of discontent took hold in online forums, and were amplified by wider reports in the media that questioned Apple's commitment to personal computers. Some of the critics focused on the economics: Although the Mac line recorded billions in revenue for 2016 -- more than $23 billion -- the portfolio was a small portion, less than 11%, of Apple's total. "I don't think there was ever a question about Apple not caring about the Mac," said Bajarin, "but it didn't seem to be competing for the 'pro' community like they used to." Bajarin agreed that Apple's commentary was designed to combat the negative storyline, but compartmentalized it as primarily involving the Mac Pro. Not everyone interpreted the turn-about in that way. "I think they did this to keep Mac users interested [in the platform]," countered Patrick Moorhead, chief analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. "Windows and Microsoft and their partners are making it very, very interesting by leaning into very creative platforms both from the hardware and software sides." Moorhead cited Windows 10's Creators Update -- the feature upgrade slated to start landing on PCs next week -- and its emphasis on 3-D content creation, and the Surface Studio all-in-one desktop as examples. His point: Microsoft's pitch to creative professionals, long an audience devoted to Macs, was having an impact. And Apple didn't like it. "There are some very interesting options for creative types," Moorhead continued. "And Apple felt like they had to elevate their game." That Apple did, Bajarin argued. "One of the subtler things [about going public about the Mac Pro] was that they are really, really listening to the customer base," Bajarin said. "That customer base for the Mac Pro is a couple of million people at best, but Apple's saying, 'We're still listening to you,' then emphasizing that it is listening to customers and will take steps in the right direction." Dawson echoed that in commentary published to his Tech Narratives website. "These pros are no longer the core constituency of the Mac, which instead is mainstream users," Dawson wrote. "However, they are vocal, and they're important because they're disproportionately influential as a result." To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple Mac MacOS Computer Hardware Apple Daily Briefing Senior Reporter Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. Follow 10 hidden features in the new Windows 10 Creators Update You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources 10 Things Your CIO Should Know About DevOps APM Essentials: Navigating the Maze of End User Experience Solutions Are You Protected Against the Weakest Link in Network Security? Best Practices for Dealing with Phishing and Next-Gen Malware Best Practices for Dealing with Phishing and Next-Gen Malware Go Top Stories Twitter sues U.S. government for demanding it unmask an 'alt' account Twitter is suing the Department of Homeland Security and alleging the government is misusing an... Did Congress just accidentally help keep your browsing history more private? By eliminating restrictions of ISPs selling their customers browsing history, Congress may have... Expert tips for managing your cloud data Yes, security is important, but so are networking, governance, data formatting and other technical... Windows 10 data collection: What you need to know The operating system has been collecting telemetry on users and apps since 2015; despite recent... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money The 25 Most Expensive Vinyl Records On Earth [Infographic] The Best Tech And Game Deals From Big W's Massive Ebay Sale How To Buy A Bicycle On EBay Without Getting Hosed Deahacker: Get 20% Off At BIG W Storewide Home Deliveroo Is Launching 'Pop-Up' Kitchens Of Popular Aussie Restaurants The Secret To Pouring The Right Amount Of Wine Is All In The Glass Shape The Best DIY Pet Toys You Can Make From Stuff In Your Home The Trick To Making Perfect Baked Pasta Every Time Entertainment The Games You Should Really Play In 4K Microsoft Reveals Xbox Scorpio's Impressive Specs Australians Can Watch Live NFL Games On Amazon Prime This Spring JB Hi-Fi Just Received The Mother Lode Of Nintendo Mini NES Consoles Travel The Easiest Way To Pack A Bottle Of Wine In A Suitcase Why Your Passport Is One Of Four Colours The Countries That Are Most Dangerous For Tourists Mexico May Not Be The Best Holiday Destination Right Now Health How Your Body Clock Impacts Your Chance Of Getting The Flu How To Pack On Muscle And Lose Fat With Minimal Effort This Trick Might Give You Brief Relief From Your Tinnitus Five Types Of Male Birth Control We'll Probably Never Get To Use Design Apple Clips: Fun, But Confusing To Use Crayola Has Retired Dandelion, Here's What Crayon Artists Suggest For Coping With The Loss What We Can Learn About Looking Good From Instagram Models Build Your Own Sidekick-Inspired Mobile Raspberry Pi Computer Work Productivity Marvin Gaye's Best Creativity Tips Ask LH: What Size Monitor Should I Buy? The Most Effective Way To Say No Is To Say You 'Don't,' Not You 'Can't' How To Identify Outdated Apps That Might Not Be Compatible With iOS 11 Communicate The ACCC Is Taking Apple To Federal Court Over 'Error 53' Woolworths Has A Cracker Of A Samsung Galaxy S8 Deal 6 Million Australians Are About To Get A Rude Shock When They Find Out The NBN Is Compulsory How To Keep Your Phone Connected When The Network Is Down Organise Briefly: Qantas Wi-Fi, Aldi Attack, Blair Witch Alternate Ending Pebble Updates Watches So They Keep Ticking Beyond The Grave Briefly: Yooka-Laylee Review, New Alien: Covenant Trailer, Facebook Fails Briefly: Dash Cam Disasters, Coffee Naps, Persona 5 Deals Career Amazon Shopping In Australia: Our Six Burning Questions Australia's 'Google Tax' Has Been Approved Retail Horror Stories From Nine Apple Geniuses The Truth About Centrelink's Waiting Times [Infographic] Business Travel Dealhacker: Get A Free Qantas Frequent Flyer Membership Via Ingogo How To Exercise In A Hotel Room [Infographic] Prediction: Australian Petrol Prices Are About To Get More Expensive The International Airlines With The Worst Delays [Infographic] Security Revealed: The Data Microsoft Collects From Your Windows 10 PC The Biggest Misconceptions About VPNs Ask LH: Is It Possible To Access A Blocked Torrent Site? Apple Quietly Made The Account Settings Page On Your iPhone A Tiny Bit More Useful Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: CloudPeeps's Kate Kendal How To Attract Freelance Coders To Your Startup [Infographic] To Get More Gigs As A Freelancer, Know 'Why' You're Helping Someone Elevator Pitch: Where’s the Card? IT Pro Cloud Citrix XenDesktop Essentials Comes To Azure Amazon AppStream Adds New Features Mac-to-Surface Migration Tool Released Your Dropbox Public Folder Isn't Public Any More IT Career The Ten Best Paying Tech Jobs In Australia Right Now How Have You Narrowed The Pay Gap? Deals: This Microsoft Office Mastery Bundle Is Over 95% Off Negotiating Is Trickier For Women, But You Should Do It Anyway IT Security What Data Does Microsoft Collect? US Internet Privacy Rules: How Will The Changes Affect Aussie Expats? Patching Is Hard, And The Bad Guys Know It Azure Web Application Firewall Generally Available Developer Ask LH: I Want To Write iOS Apps, Where Do I Start? Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle Twitter Tweaks API Platform Humble Bundle's New Book Collection Helps You Start Coding With Python Deployment The ACCC Is Finally Getting Tough On Dodgy NBN Claims Innovation Culture In Australia Is The New LEGO Discovery Centre In Melbourne Discriminatory? The Evolution Of Software Development According To AWS Servers Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Intel Says Their New SSD Is The World’s Most Responsive Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers The ACCC Is Finally Getting Tough On Dodgy NBN Claims Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle How To Pack On Muscle And Lose Fat With Minimal Effort The Ten Best Paying Tech Jobs In Australia Right Now Apple Clips: Fun, But Confusing To Use Thorin Klosowski Apr 7, 2017, 8:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple apple clips ios downloads iphone downloads video video editing Share iOS: Apple Clips, Apple's newest app, is an attempt at making a video editing app that works something like Snapchat or Instagram, without the social component. The end result is a bit baffling to use, though it does show some promise. As a video editor, Apple Clips is as simple as it gets. You can shoot video, crop it down, then apply a variety of filters. The first filter you can add is a voice transcription tool, which Apple calls Live Titles. Tap the word bubble icon and it will transcribe whatever you say and lay it over the video like subtitles. This sounds handy, but it works about as well as any other voice transcription works, which is not particularly well. Thankfully, you can jump in and edit those captions if you need to. Next up, you can tap the three circles icon to apply a few traditional video filters that alter the general appearance of a video. You can change filters on a clip-by-clip basis, so if you have a few different video clips in a row, they don't all have to have the same filter. If you tap the star icon, you'll find a sticker system where you can overlay a handful of symbols. This conveniently includes a page with your most used emoji as well. Oddly, that's it. Just your most used emoji. You can tap one at random to insert it into a video, then double tap the emoji to edit it, but that's a bizarre way to do things to say the least. Finally, you can also add title cards by tapping the T icon, and a soundtrack by tapping the music note icon. It doesn't look like it at first, but you can edit the title cards to say whatever you want. Just pick the visual style you want to use, then tap the text to change it. Once you're done making a video, you can export it or send it over to a friend. Videos are limited to a square format, but beyond that there's quite a bit you can do here, though the learning curve is surprisingly high for an app that's marketed for its simplicity. In an effort to keep things simple, Apple Clips ditches a lot of traditional UI elements, which means for the first 10 or 15 minutes of using it, you'll be blindly tapping icons and swiping around the screen trying to figure out how it all works. If you happen to get things right on the first attempt, Apple Clips seems like a fun tool, but the second you try to actually edit something it all falls apart into a baffling mess of random taps. For example, if you're editing a section of a video, you can easily add transcription, filters or stickers. But I have no idea how to get back to the main video timeline screen to add in music or titles unless I back all the way to main start screen. The whole thing just feels incredibly unintuitive. Perhaps once you take the time to learn how Apple Clips works, then learn all the limitations, you can start making good videos. That's assuming you want to take the time to do so. Apple Clips (Free) [iTunes App Store] WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why I’m Giving Up On The iPad Pro Anthony Caruana 05 Apr 2017 12:30 PM Over the last few months, I’ve been using a 12.9-inch iPad Pro as my main mobile computer. Although I have Mac and Windows desktops at the two “fixed” locations i work from, I’ve been using the larger iPad Pro with a Smart Keyboard as my traveller. And, for the most part, it has worked really well. But a couple of limitations have really started to get to me recently. How To Pack On Muscle And Lose Fat With Minimal Effort Ben Ford 07 Apr 2017 10:30 AM Like most guys of a certain vintage, I have mixed feelings about my body. Staying lean and not surrendering to the siren’s call of the dreaded 'Dadbod' is a key concern. But then so is building and maintaining enough muscle so that I can keep up with the young bucks on the soccer field or in the gym. One of the main keys to success is your diet. You need a meal plan that's high in healthy carbs, fats and proteins. More importantly, it needs to be easy to prepare and affordable - so you'll actually stick to it. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle Deals: This Microsoft Office Mastery Bundle Is Over 95% Off Netflix And Chill Around The Globe With This Stream Unblocker Deals: How VPNs Can Protect Your Online Privacy Trending Articles 1 Why I’m Giving Up On The iPad Pro 2 How To Pack On Muscle And Lose Fat With Minimal Effort 3 The Best Tech And Game Deals From Big W's Massive Ebay Sale TRAPPIST-1's Fatal Flaw Could Ruin Our Hopes Of Finding Life There This Is The Smallest Exoplanet Known To Have An Atmosphere New Zealand Could Use Gene Editing To Kill Off Its Cutest Predator One Of Michael Crichton's Final Weird Science Stories May Have Landed A Director Anime Fighting Games Are About To Get A Great Chance To Shine On The Competitive Scene Battlegrounds Player Has Mastered The Art Of Camouflage Mike Mignola Is Returning To Comics With An All New Vampire Tale Hidden Persona 5 Tip Will Help You Nail Every Demon Negotiation How Your Body Clock Impacts Your Chance Of Getting The Flu The Secret To Pouring The Right Amount Of Wine Is All In The Glass Shape The ACCC Is Finally Getting Tough On Dodgy NBN Claims How I Succeeded: CloudPeeps's Kate Kendal Gold and silver are jumping after the US missile strike on Syria The two US ships which attacked a Syrian airfield have been equipped to deal with a mysterious Russian threat 10 things in tech you need to know today AUSTRALIAN STOCKS SLIDE ON US MISSILE STRIKE: Here's what you need to know © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges AMD Ryzen 5 Processors Unveiled, 4 and 6-Core Chips As Low As $169 Target Intel Core i5 And i3 Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges AMD Ryzen 5 Processors Unveiled, 4 and 6-Core Chips As Low As $169 Target Intel Core i5 And i3 Graphics/Sound Recent additions: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Review - The Fastest Gaming Graphics Card Yet NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Unboxed, Installed And Ready To Rock NVIDIA Unveils GeForce GTX 1080 Ti: This One Goes To 11, Faster Than Titan X Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Building Your Own DIY Surveillance System With Synology DiskStation Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Technology Caches Slower Drives For A Performance Boost Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Desktops Recent additions: Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900 RE Gaming Desktop And IdeaPad Y900 Gaming Notebook Preview DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Facebook ‘Big Basin’ AI Compute Platform Adopts NVIDIA Tesla P100 For Next Gen Data Centers Kingston Unveils DCP1000 NVMe Solid State Drive With A Blistering 7GB/Sec Of Bandwidth Toshiba Emerges With Major Storage Market Share Gains In 2016 Challenging WD And Seagate Workstation Recent additions: Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers NVIDIA Quadro P4000 And P2000 Workstation GPU Review: Midrange Professional Pascal Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Facebook ‘Big Basin’ AI Compute Platform Adopts NVIDIA Tesla P100 For Next Gen Data Centers Kingston Unveils DCP1000 NVMe Solid State Drive With A Blistering 7GB/Sec Of Bandwidth Toshiba Emerges With Major Storage Market Share Gains In 2016 Challenging WD And Seagate Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More Performance, Same Killer Good Looks Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life Notebooks Recent additions: Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More Performance, Same Killer Good Looks Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Dell Latitude 12 Rugged Extreme Notebook Review: Rough And Tumble Mobile Computing Smartphones Recent additions: Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Samsung Display Says Don't Expect Folding Galaxy Smartphones Before 2019 Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Hands-On Demo And First Look From Unpacked 2017 Tablets Recent additions: Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Lenovo Yoga Book Review: A 2-In-1 With A Trick Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Gadgets Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands Review - PC Gameplay And Performance NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Entertainment Recent additions: Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Namco Founder And Pac-Man Pioneer Masaya Nakamura Dies At Age 91 Gaming Recent additions: HTC Launches $7/Month Viveport Subscription VR App Service, Knocks $100 Off Vive Headset Crazy Game Controller Manufacturer Mad Catz Files For Bankruptcy After Decades Of Innovation Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Media Player Gains 4K Video Support Social Recent additions: Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation Facebook Tweaks Trending Topics Algorithms To Stomp Out Rampant Fake News YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Samsung Galaxy S8 RYZEN Nintendo Switch GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Vega Windows 10 Game Mode home Mobile Smartphones by Brittany Goetting — Thursday, April 06, 2017 Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Shrimp on the barbie? Try Apple on the barbie. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) is suing Apple over “Error 53”, which bricked iPhones and iPads last year that were repaired by third-parties. The ACCC claims that the forced software bricking violated Australian consumer law. Last February, several iPhone 6 users received the “Error 53” message after trying to upgrade to iOS 9. The message effectively bricked the phones. It turns out that these users had repaired their screens and other components through "unauthorized" third-party service centers. iPhone 6 screen replacements are often sold as one complete unit and therefore affect the display panel, front glass, front camera, Home Button, and Touch ID. Apple originally claimed that the error had been issued in order to protect the phones from potentially fraudulent Touch ID components. The company claimed that only its specific service centers could revalidate Touch ID sensors, and that this task could not be completed by a third party. Apple later admitted that the error was actually a mistake and issued an updated version of iOS 9.2.1 specifically for iPhone users who saw the “Error 53” message. This update restored the bricked phones and removed the security checks. The ACCC has stepped up where the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California stepped down. Australian Consumer Law requires that products be “reasonably fit” for their intended purposes. The ACCC insists that “Error 53” violated this guarantee and Apple therefore must remedy the situation. Apple tends to either charge or turn away customers who have had third party repairs. The ACCC argue that “having a component of the Apple device serviced, repaired or replaced by someone other than Apple cannot, by itself, extinguish the consumer’s right to a remedy for non-compliance with the consumer guarantees.” Consumer’s rights in Australia also extend to software and software updates. Rod Sims, chairman of the ACCC, noted that the lawsuit challenges Apple’s policy. According to Sims, “It's fair to say we haven't observed similar behavior by other manufacturers. Apple seems to have a particular way of doing things.” The ACCC is currently suing Apple for $1.1 million AUD or $829,000 USD per breach. The court will decide if and how many times breaches occurred. Tags:  Apple, nasdaqaapl, error 53, australia consumer law, bricked Via:  Wall Street Journal Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 84K 10K 5K 28K CONVERSATIONS HotHardware Spring Giveaway With Razer...38 AMD Preps Ryzen EFI BIOS Update To Fix...14 Building Your Own DIY Surveillance...10 Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV...9 AMD Prepares Beefy Ryzen Motherboard...9 Swedish Firm LoJacks Employees With NFC...8 Xbox Project Scorpio Specs Exposed!...7 FEATURED Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing... HotHardware Spring Giveaway With Razer... Building Your Own DIY Surveillance... AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins:... Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Hands-On Demo... Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...778k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...630k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...573k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...515k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...492k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...440k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE Samsung Display Says Don't Expect... Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Hands-On Demo... Google Assistant Makes Jump From Pixel... LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... Apple’s 10th Anniversary iPhone 8 With... Samsung Unpacks Galaxy S7 And Galaxy S7... Hands-On LG's V10 Dual Display... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple's Clips Social Media Video App Available for iPhone, iPad Pebble Update Lets Watches Work After Servers Shut Down Samsung Lands 2 Year Deal for Curved OLED iPhone Displays Tips macOS: Putting a Recovery Partition on Your Mac (Without Reinstalling macOS) Get Free Bitcoins from 15 Faucets That (Still) Pay Podcasts Pebble Watches Aren't Dead Yet, Whole-home VPN - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-06 The Mystery of New Mac Pros, Apple and Politics, and Robot Welfare - ACM 405 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Apple and the OODA Loop Problem Ya Gotta Love Free and Useful Stuff for Macs... The Most Important Word Apple Used in its Mac Pro Announcement President Trump Signs Law Erasing Broadband Privacy Protections View All Editorials → Apple’s Clips Social Media Video App Available for iPhone, iPad Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Apr 6th, 2017 3:00 PM EDT | Product News Apple’s Clips video editing app for social networks hit the App Store on Thursday. The app lets iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch users capture and edit short videos to share on Facebook, Twitter, and more. Apple’s new social media app: Clips The Clips app includes video filters, background posters, stickers, animations, and titles that can be added during recording or later when editing. Video can be captured in the app, or you can use videos you previously recorded and stored in Photos. You can share your videos on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and YouTube. The app also includes a Smart Suggestions feature that uses facial recognition from Photos to suggest who you might be in your videos, and you can share your creations with those people via Messages. Clips requires iOS 10.3 update and is compatible with the iPhone 5s and newer, the iPad mini 2 and newer, iPad Air, iPad Pro, the just announced 9.7-inch iPad, and the 6th generation iPod touch—in other words, you need a 64-bit capable iOS device. You can download Clips for free at Apple’s App Store. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Clips, iPad, iPhone, Social Media, video One Comment Add a comment Lee Dronick April 6, 2017 Nick named Clippy, or has that been done by someone else? 😀 April 6, 2017 at 5:54 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Bryan Chaffin | April 6, 2017 Apple and the OODA Loop Problem John Martellaro | April 5, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $143.66 -0.36 (-0.25%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple's Clips Social Media Video App Available for iPhone, iPad Pebble Update Lets Watches Work After Servers Shut Down Samsung Lands 2 Year Deal for Curved OLED iPhone Displays Apple Watch Series 3 Set for Fall Launch Apple Pay Cash Transfers Now Work With Western Union App Recent Tips See All » macOS: Putting a Recovery Partition on Your Mac (Without Reinstalling macOS) Get Free Bitcoins from 15 Faucets That (Still) Pay Enabling Find My Mac Might Not Work if Recovery Drive Is Damaged or Missing PSA: Find My Mac Has a Serious Security Vulnerability How to Change Your iPhone and iPad's Name for AirDrop Recent Editorials See All » Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Apple and the OODA Loop Problem Ya Gotta Love Free and Useful Stuff for Macs... The Most Important Word Apple Used in its Mac Pro Announcement President Trump Signs Law Erasing Broadband Privacy Protections 14755 Jeff Gamet product-news 1 1491490841 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DailyTimes | Apple patents  anti-shock ‘bumper’ that could save  your screen Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Apple patents anti-shock ‘bumper’ that could save your screen The spring-loaded bumpers would deploy automatically if you dropped your iPhone By:   Daily Times Monitor 07-Apr-17 244 Top News Bundesliga hot-shots face off in ‘Der Klassiker’ 07-Apr-17 121 MUNICH: Strikers Robert Lewand ... Roy Hodgson joins Melbourne City’s backroom staff 07-Apr-17 132 MELBOURNE: Former England mana ... How many phone screens have you broken after an accidental drop or an awkward knock? Those days may be coming to an end, judging from a new patent from Apple that has been spotted this week. It shows a unique spring-loaded bumper case system that would deploy - like an airbag - in the event of a dropped phone. Apple's case wouldn't just protect your £600 gadget from the perils of a linoleum floor either. According to the accompanying patent documents, it would also serve as a flotation device. The patent explains, "The shock absorbers may include buoyant materials which permits the portable electronic device to float in the event that it is dropped or otherwise exposed to a water environment." Handy, for those of us prone to dropping our iPhones down the toilet or in the bath. Silicon Beat, which spotted the patent, reported it was filed in May 2014 with the US Trademark and Patent Office. They report that it was awarded to Apple on April 4, 2017. Of course, we don't know for sure that Apple has plans to actually develop its bumper system into a working prototype. But it would make for a great accessory to go along with the company's rumoured iPhone 8 later this year. iPhone is a line of smartphones designed and marketed by Apple Inc. They run Apple's iOS mobile operating system. Sunday Magazine sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Investor Information Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2017 DailyTimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Yesterday AAPL: 143.66 -0.36 Will you wait until early 2019 for the new Mac Pro and Apple display? [Poll] Jordan Kahn - Apr. 6th 2017 2:11 pm PT @JordanKahn Mac Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The rumors have started flowing following Apple’s rare pre-announcement of an all-new modular Mac Pro it has in the works. The latest today claims to offer some intel on how long the project has been in development at Apple, giving some insight into a likely late 2018/early 2019 launch and shipping timeframe for the new computer that we still don’t know a whole lot about. Was Apple’s announcement enough to keep you satisfied and give you confidence that it’s worth holding out for the new machine? Or will you be switching to a new machine for your pro needs? Perhaps those new iMacs Apple plans to ship later this year? The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac Earlier this week following Apple’s non-event for the Mac Pros, we asked you if the pre-announcement was enough to address pro concerns? In that poll, 41.59% responded “Yes,” while another 40.38% said “Only if they deliver.” But the rumored late 2018/early 2019 timeline for Mac Pro is something many might not have considered at the time. Apple said the new modular Mac Pros would be coming sometime after this year, but it never committed to a 2018 launch specifically. And there is good reason to think that the new Mac Pro will launch later in 2018 or into 2019 versus earlier. Apple also announced that it has new iMac models coming this year that would address many pros’ needs, suggesting it it has something to satisfy pros in the meantime while they wait, likely for quite a while, for the new Mac Pros. Rumored specs so far include an 8K display, Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C gen 2, up to 64GB of RAM, AMD graphics and other specs that will please many pros. Apple also said that it’s working on a new display to go alongside the Mac Pro… Now that pros have an idea of what to expect from Apple, they have a decision to make. Do they wait another, possibly almost two years, for the new Mac Pro and display, or do they bite the bullet and upgrade to new machines before then? It is certainly a question that a lot of pros that have been waiting to upgrade will need to make, and many might not be able to hold out that long. So, will you wait until late 2018/early 2019 for Mac Pro? Take Our Poll Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Mac Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Our Team CleanTechnica Comment Policy Use Of Our Content Important Media Network Important Media Jobs Contact Us Sponsor A Post Buy Banner Ad Space Local Solar Discounts Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Volvo XC90 T8 Review Exclusives All Exclusives CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews CleanTechnica Videos CleanTechnica Events Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationCleanTechnica StoreGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSSponsor A PostAdvertise Autonomous Vehicles Published on April 6th, 2017 | by James Ayre 0 Apple-Backed Chinese On-Demand Taxi Service Didi Opens AI Lab Near Apple’s HQ April 6th, 2017 by James Ayre  The China-based on-demand taxi service Didi recently opened an artificial intelligence lab in Mountain View, California, according to recent reports. This is particularly interesting as that location isn’t that far from Apple’s headquarters in Cupertino … and Apple is a major investor in Didi (~$1 billion). Does this mean that Apple’s reported plans for self-driving vehicle tech development involve Didi? Didi employees will reportedly be working on intelligent driving systems and AI-based transportation security at the new site, so that guess would probably figure. The move is also interesting as Didi had previously not expanded much outside of China, so the move may represent a wider change of strategy. Apple Insider provides more: “Staffing Didi’s lab are a number of standouts in the robotics, AI and engineering fields. Charlie Miller, who is best known for remotely hacking a moving Jeep, was poached from Uber’s self-driving team to lead Didi’s security and safety development teams, the report said. Didi also poached staff from Google’s Waymo self-driving car spinoff, including senior software engineer Jia Zhaoyin. “Apple is working on its own self-driving vehicle under the name Project Titan, but the effort has been met with serious roadblocks over the past year. Rumors initially pointed to the development of a full-fledged branded car, but the initiative has since been greatly scaled down due to unforeseen setbacks. Following a round of layoffs, Apple’s Project Titan team reportedly has until the end of 2017 to prove it can move forward on its own, or will need the help of a third-party automaker.” Notably, Apple has in recent times poached engineers from BlackBerry’s QNX, so the firm may well be backing away from car development completely and focusing on the rapidly expanding software side of the automotive business (self-driving tech, and otherwise). We’ll keep you posted as we collect more information. Buy a cool T-shirt or mug in the CleanTechnica store!   Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech daily newsletter or weekly newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: Apple, Apple Car, Didi About the Author James Ayre 's background is predominantly in geopolitics and history, but he has an obsessive interest in pretty much everything. After an early life spent in the Imperial Free City of Dortmund, James followed the river Ruhr to Cofbuokheim, where he attended the University of Astnide. And where he also briefly considered entering the coal mining business. He currently writes for a living, on a broad variety of subjects, ranging from science, to politics, to military history, to renewable energy. You can follow his work on Google+. Related Posts Japanese Floating Solar Farm Helps Apple In Its Push For 100% Renewable Energy → Apple Will Add 200 Megawatts Of Solar For Its Reno Data Center → Tesla Poaches Apple’s Chris Lattner, Creator Of Swift, For New VP Of Autopilot Software Role → Apple, Google, Facebook, & Switch Are Leading The Greening Of The Internet → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 18 ... Followers Follow ▲ 46 ... Fans Like ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Fans Follow ... Followers Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica 74% Increase In Electric Car Sales In US — March & Q1 2017 Electric Car Sales Report US State Attorneys To Sue Trump Administration Over Energy Efficiency Standards Tesla Model 3 Release Candidate Spotted In Silicon Valley (New Pictures) Why Do High-End Tesla Model S & X Dominate US Electric Car Sales? (38% of Q1 2017 US Electric Car Sales) Utah's Supreme Court Says Tesla Can't Sell Vehicles Directly To Consumers Huge US Utility Jabs Trump With Ambitious New Solar Plan Advertisement CleanTechnica T-Shirts! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box 47 Top CleanTechnica Interviews Our Electric Car Reviews Tesla Model 3 FAQ … Answered! CleanTechnica Electric Car Report Email Address Join The Solar Revolution! Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. Follow @cleantechnica © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Full Transcript of Mac Pro Interview With Craig Federighi and Phil Schiller Now Available Thursday April 6, 2017 1:26 PM PDT by Juli Clover Earlier this week, several Apple executives, including marketing chief Phil Schiller, software head Craig Federighi, and hardware engineering VP John Ternus, invited several journalists to Apple's campus to discuss the future of the Mac Pro, among other topics. The information that was shared in that interview has been well-covered in recent days, but TechCrunch today published the entire interview transcript, which is well worth reading for those who want a complete uninterrupted look at what Apple had to say on the topic of the Mac Pro and its professional customers. Image via TechCrunch During the interview, Schiller and Federighi apologized to professional users for the delays with the Mac Pro and unveiled work on a new modular Mac Pro that will address issues with the current machine, including upgradeability and support for single high-end GPUs. The new Mac Pro, which will also come with a professional display, isn't going to come in 2017, so in the meantime, Apple has significantly dropped the prices on its older Mac Pro machines, all of which still contain hardware from 2013. Other tidbits shared in the interview include Apple's plans for the iMac, what went wrong with the design of the current Mac Pro, news on the Mac mini, Apple's thoughts on the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, the importance of pro users, and more. Related Roundup: Mac Pro Buyer's Guide: Mac Pro (Buy Now) 32 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Jared Strike 11 hours ago at 01:35 pm with better hair Federighi has some of the best hair in the tech industry. Rating: 17 Votes Relentless Power 11 hours ago at 01:38 pm Federighi has some of the best hair in the tech industry. Federighi Is just awesome in general. He seems like a really respectable individual with a lot of knowledge in the tech world, has a great attitude and is surprisingly hilarious on stage. Rating: 17 Votes JeffyTheQuik 11 hours ago at 01:39 pm Federighi Is just awesome in general. He seems like a really respectable individual with a lot of knowledge in the tech world, has a great attitude and is surprisingly hilarious on stage. My 520 shares are going to vote for him for the next CEO. Rating: 12 Votes miniroll32 10 hours ago at 01:48 pm This is what they need to do more - be transparent with power users. Rating: 8 Votes Asarien 11 hours ago at 01:30 pm It's time for all these old people who don't understand where the industry is now, to be replaced with young blood who are hungry and foolish. Rating: 6 Votes tod 10 hours ago at 01:39 pm All of our complaining actually accomplished something?! Rating: 5 Votes TMRJIJ 10 hours ago at 01:42 pm Seems like Federighi is posing for all of his photos now Rating: 4 Votes Relentless Power 10 hours ago at 01:40 pm My 520 shares are going to vote for him for the next CEO. I sold mine, but....I second your vote. Maybe one day. Rating: 4 Votes Pilgrim1099 10 hours ago at 02:30 pm My 520 shares are going to vote for him for the next CEO. Should have been him as CEO in the first place, regardless of what others say about Cook being hand-picked. I've been saying this since Cook took over the job. Rating: 4 Votes icehockey77 11 hours ago at 01:30 pm It's time for all these people to be replaced with young blood who are thirsty and foolish. with better hair Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New 'Clips' Video App 9 hours ago on Front Page Apple today released "Clips," a new app that's designed to make it easy to create short videos that can be easily shared via Messages and social networking apps like Facebook, Instagram,... 37 comments 'Constant Negativity' From Pro Users Led Apple to Develop Modular Mac Pro, Which May Not Ship Until 2019 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple executives this week made an unusual and surprising announcement, detailing the company's work on an entirely revamped high-end modular Mac Pro that's set to be released sometime after... 467 comments New iMacs With Up to Xeon E3 Processors, 64GB RAM, AMD Graphics, and Thunderbolt 3 Rumored for Late October 14 hours ago on Front Page Earlier this week, Apple made the rare move of pre-announcing that it is working on new pro-focused iMac models that will launch later this year. Apple did not share any specific details... 332 comments Nvidia Debuts New High-End Titan Xp Graphics Card With Mac Support 15 hours ago on Front Page Nvidia today announced the launch of its latest super high-end graphics card, introducing the new Nvidia Titan Xp. The Titan Xp, which Nvidia calls the world's post powerful graphics card,... 171 comments Microsoft Surface Beats iPad in Design, Productivity, and Accessory Use in New J.D. Power Study 16 hours ago on Front Page The Microsoft Surface has been ranked the highest in overall consumer satisfaction, and six points above Apple's iPad in second place, according to J.D. Power's 2017 U.S. Tablet Satisfaction... 304 comments Apple's New Social Video Creation App 'Clips' Now Available for iPhone and iPad [Updated] 16 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its social video creation app "Clips," announced last month, will be available on the App Store for iPhone and iPad around 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time today, as... 63 comments Apple Signs Two-Year Deal With Samsung For 92 Million OLED iPhone Panels 22 hours ago on Front Page Apple has reportedly signed a two-year contract with Samsung for the supply up to 92 million curved OLED panels, as it attempts to ramp up capacity for this year's release of its high-end... 146 comments Australian Consumer Regulator Sues Apple Over 'Error 53' iPhone Shutdowns 23 hours ago on Front Page The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) has filed a lawsuit against Apple alleging that it violated Australian consumer law when a software update it issued last year bricked some... 67 comments • 'YouTube TV' Streaming Service Launches in Five U.S. Cities (154) • Apple Says It Has No Plans for Solely ARM-Based or Touchscreen Macs (400) • Apple Not Worried About Apple Pay's Slow Adoption, Believes on Path to Replace Cash and Cards (206) • Apple Says Stock 8-Core Mac Pro Available to Resellers by End of April, Suggests Custom Configuring Until Then (76) • 'Apple Watch Series 3' Models Expected in Second Half of 2017 With September Launch Likely (146) • New Report Suggests Apple Could Delay 'iPhone 8' Launch to October or November (138) • iPhone 8 Predicted to Start at $850 to $900 for 64GB Model, $950 to $1,000 for 256GB Model (263)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Classic Reload - 'The Room' Award-Winning Solitaire Card Game 'Onirim' Is Out Now Mi-Clos Studio's 'Antioch: Scarlet Bay' Is Looking for Beta Testers 'Candy Crush' Maker King is Putting Together a Team to Create a New 'Call of Duty' Mobile Game 2D Multiplayer Shooter 'Mayhem' Now in Google Play Early Access 'Robot Unicorn Attack 3' Launching Worldwide Next Thursday YouTube Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! A New Mac Pro is Coming! Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.4 with Night Shift Find My AirPods! iOS 10.3 is Here! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Martin Hajek The iPhone 8 could be the biggest phone of the year for Samsung Chris Smith @chris_writes April 6th, 2017 at 2:58 PM Share Tweet For Samsung, the biggest phone of the year could well be the iPhone 8. Not just because it’s the device for the Galaxy S8 — Samsung surely wants the Galaxy S8 to be the best phone out there and beat the iPhone 8 — but because the iPhone 8 will bring in a boatload of cash for Samsung, opening new revenue streams that are probably bigger than Galaxy S8 sales. Don't Miss: The first Galaxy S8 drop test has some bad news Samsung revealed last quarter that, in spite of the massive Galaxy Note 7 financial hit, its numbers were a lot better than anticipated. And that was all thanks to its growing semiconductor business. At the time, it noted that that smartphone OLED displays will fuel further growth this year. On top of that revenue stream, Samsung is looking to convert more companies to OLED displays like the ones found in its smartphones — the Galaxy S8 has the best OLED display money can buy right now. The iPhone 8 will probably pack a similar screen, complete with Apple tweaks, and a new report out of Asia says that the iPhone maker inked a two-year OLED supply contract with Samsung’s Display unit. The deal is worth $9 billion, or about as much money as Samsung has committed to upgrading its OLED manufacturing capabilities. According to ETNews (via Digitimes ), Samsung Display will ship 70 million to 92 million smartphone OLED screens to Apple this year alone. That means the iPhone 8 might account for some 30% of the total number of iPhones Apple sells this year, given that it usually ships well over 200 million iPhones each year. An earlier report said that Apple ordered 70 million panels from Samsung, but the Korean display maker is looking to increase capacity to 95 million units to meet growing demand. Samsung currently owns the smartphone OLED display market, having a 95% share, but other competitors including LG Display, Japan Display, and China-based companies are also ramping up OLED production vying for Apple’s business. The fact Apple has inked a two-year OLED deal with Samsung must be great news for the Korean giant, though Apple will likely diversify its OLED supply chain in the future to ensure it has enough supply, but also to drive down prices. Furthermore, because the iPhone is moving to OLED screens, some of Apple’s competitors are also looking to offer OLED options to their customers, which means a growing number of high-end devices will feature OLED screens in the future. That’s also good news for Samsung, the only company which would be able to handle the extra demand in the near future. These are all reasons why the iPhone 8 will be so important for Samsung, maybe even more important than the Galaxy S8. Tags: Galaxy S8, iPhone 8, Samsung View Comments Trending 1 Tech Sam’s Club has a killer Galaxy S8 deal that’s even better than Best Buy’s 2 Tech This is your last chance to get T-Mobile’s best promo for free 3 Tech The next-gen Google Home will do something Amazon’s Echo can’t 4 Deals You can buy a Nintendo Switch online right now and it’ll ship tomorrow 5 Science Astronomers just discovered something awesome about the most Earth-like planet ever found Picked For You This might just be the completely redesigned iPhone 8 of our dreams By Zach Epstein April 4th at 10:33 AM What happens when a small Apple supplier loses its contract By Chris Mills April 3rd at 1:14 PM $50 gadget adds a high-tech Head Up Display to any car By Maren Estrada April 3rd at 8:30 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Gaming Reviews Tech News Home Tech Tech News Your iPhone just got some brilliant new features as Apple launches Clips app in the UK Your iPhone just got some brilliant new features as Apple launches Clips app in the UK APPLE fans can now download the awesome Clips apps which instantly creates fun mini movies in seconds. By Dave Snelling / Published 6th April 2017 There's some very good news for anyone who owns an iPhone or iPad. Apple has just released its all-new Clips app which makes creating a mini movie masterpiece a total breeze. Clips is available now on Apple's App Store and is aimed at bringing some daily fun to your messages and Facebook posts. The simple app automatically edits together live or pre-recorded videos, photos and voice clips with easy controls allowing the videos to be produced and shared in seconds. Clips makes things incredibly simple with one-touch controls powering the app. However, there are some more advanced features on offer for those wanting to add some extra excitement to their movies. APPLE/GETTY NEW: The Apple Clips app creates mini movies in a flash “Clips gives iPhone and iPad users a new way to express themselves through video, and it’s incredibly easy to use” Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of Apps Product Marketing Photos can be animated by simply pinching and dragging them while recording and videos can be edited within the app so you get the perfect shots. There's also the ability to add some music to your clips and Apple's clever software will even automatically fade the song at the end of the video. Clips also introduces Live Titles, a breakthrough feature that lets users create animated captions and titles using just the power of their voice. Users simply speak into their iPhone or iPad's microphone with the words then appearing like magic in the clip. There's seven styles to choose from and these captions can even be edited by a simple tap on the screen allowing punctuation and extra words to be added or removed. Apple iPhone 7 - you won't believe these pictures have been taken on a smartphone Monday, 30th January 2017 APPLE'S iPhone 7 has been put through the ultimate photography test and here's how it performed. 1 / 17 APPLE Apple iPhone 7 camera test Along with captions, users of Clips can also place emojis, speech bubbles, arrows and banners into their creation with all videos instantly saved within the Clips app. Once the video is ready it can easily be shared via the Messages app, or on Instagram, Facebook, and other popular social networks. Apple is keen to point out that Clips doesn't replace its popular iMovie software but instead makes creating short videos faster and easier for everyone. Clips is available now for free and is compatible with iPhone 5s and later, the new 9.7-inch iPad, all iPad Air and iPad Pro models, iPad mini 2 and later, and iPod touch 6th generation. Devices must be running iOS 10.3. Speaking about the new app, Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of Apps Product Marketing, said: “Clips gives iPhone and iPad users a new way to express themselves through video, and it’s incredibly easy to use, “The effects, filters and amazing new Live Titles we’ve designed for Clips let anyone make great-looking, easily sharable videos with just a few taps.” YOU CAN DOWNLOAD CLIPS HERE APPLE DOWNLOAD: Apple Clips is available now to download The news of this new launch comes as Apple's latest iOS update has been pushed out. Apple released iOS 10.3 to iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch owners worldwide last week. The new iOS update includes a slew of user-facing features – as well one major behind-the-scenes change. One of the biggest new features in iOS 10.3 is the addition of a Find My AirPods mode within the in the Find My iPhone app. This allows users to track the location of their wireless earbuds by checking the last location where the AirPods were connected to an iOS device over Bluetooth. The updated app also lets users play a sound from one or both of the misplaced AirPods. Related articles Apple has a new iPad - Here's everything you need to know including price and release date iOS 10.3 is out NOW - Here's the new features and why you must update your Apple iPhone Comments Tech News More Pornhub has been ordered to hand over users’ personal details and viewing history MAN THE panic stations, the world's biggest adult website Pornhub has been ordered to hand over the details of some users. Your iPhone just got some brilliant new features as Apple laun... Windows 10 Update: Here’s how to get Microsoft’s latest big up... Amazon to refund customers £55 million - how to see if you’re ... iPhone 8 Release Date: Delays could see Apple launch pushed ba... Nintendo Switch stock update - Fans face year of delays due to... Bad news for Microsoft as ‘unthinkable’ has just happened to W... Samsung Galaxy S8 Security Warning - Major S8 feature could pu... Online Porn Warning - Why you should always check THIS so your... Tech News More This new iPhone trick instantly gives you free additional storage - here's how APPLE has released a clever new iPhone trick that will let users increase the amount of available storage on their phone for free. The Pirate Bay faces serious torrent challenge from this surpr... BBC iPlayer Price Hike - Watching the Beeb’s online content ge... Secret Facebook update adds amazing new feature but only for a... Using a McDonalds drive thru could get you a £1,000 fine and a... Sneaky Facebook Hack - How to read Facebook messages without t... iPhone 8 leak suggests Apple’s next phone will copy this major... Xbox One S Deals - Tesco slashes price of console but you'll n... Massive Windows 10 Update - This is when you can add these new... Tech News More Samsung Galaxy S8 launch LIVE - World's first infinity display arrives on Samsung phone SAMSUNG has finally lifted the lid on its Galaxy S8 which features an incredible infinity display. Here's everything you need to know. Major Amazon Echo rival lands as Google gets you searching the... Getting a free smartphone every year just got a whole lot easi... Flying car is top gear! 2-seater drone will fly over traffic jams iOS 10.3 is out NOW - Here's the new features and why you must... Facebook Messenger Block - Facebook to stop supporting these s... This new supersonic passenger jet will fly you from London to ... Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date - Full specs leak just days ahe... Hidden Google Feature - Chrome's secret message appears when y... Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Motorsport Rugby League Other Racing Boxing UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV Big Brother X Factor Strictly Music Movies Britain's Got Talent I'm A Celebrity Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Love & Sex Diet & Fitness Fashion & Beauty Health Just Jane Horoscopes Cars Competitions FUN Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 38-51 We set you thinking Friday 7 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Innovation newstream World No information on Russian casualties in Syria: RIA cites embassy 1491548090 World Turkey views U.S. missile strike in Syria positively: deputy PM 1491548126 World U.S. fires missiles at Assad airbase, escalating role in Syrian war 1491545675 World Britain says it fully supports U.S. strikes on Syria 1491547675 World Syrian air base suffers major damage due to U.S. strikes: Russia's RIA 1491547252 World Iran says U.S. strike in Syria 'dangerous, destructive': IRNA 1491547108 World Poland supports U.S. actions on Syria, government spokesman says 1491547032 World Russians not hurt in U.S. strikes on Syria airbase: Ifax cites lawmaker 1491546587 World Russia, Iran condemn U.S. air strike in Syria as Britain, Turkey give support 1491547108 World Putin says U.S. strikes on Syria illegal, harm U.S.-Russia ties 1491547340 World U.S. attack on Syrian base killed five, Homs governor says 1491547108 World France was informed of U.S. Syria strikes, foreign minister says 1491546490 Business Stocks spooked, safe assets jump after U.S. missile strike on Syria 1491545979 Sports End of the road for F1 in Malaysia after 2018, PM Najib confirms 1491545100 Singapore City Harvest appeal: Kong Hee, 5 former church leaders given lower jail terms 1491530400 Business Chase for tastier tortillas starts with age-old 'Mexican gold' 1491545084 Business Samsung tips best quarterly profit in over three years as chips soar 1491544965 World Hit-and-run motorcyclist who killed pedestrian in Malaysia nabbed at Penang Hospital 1491543960 Business U.S. South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival 1491544421 Singapore Tears flow as packed court hears verdict on City Harvest appeal 1491542760 World Reporters Without Borders opens first Asia office in Taiwan 1491544603 World Australia's counterterrorism unit investigates fatal petrol station stabbing 1491544213 World Russian lawmaker: U.S. air strikes on Syria are political double standards - RIA 1491543510 Entertainment It’s official — Najip Ali is out of Malaysian show 1491543712 Business Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A 1491542824 World Russian lawmaker says Russia-U.S. Syria coalition in doubt - agencies 1491541767 World Syrian opposition SNC welcomes U.S. strike on airbase 1491541821 World Philippines to upgrade facilities, not occupy new areas in disputed sea: military 1491539793 Business Hyundai, Kia plan major car recall in U.S. and S.Korea over engine issue 1491539833 World US blasts Syria base with cruise missiles 1491528660 World France confident U.S. will not cut into Mali U.N. mission needs 1491539368 Business Adidas to mass-produce 3D-printed shoe with Silicon Valley start-up 1491538744 Business U.S. employment growth seen slowing as warm weather boost fades 1491538198 Business Exclusive: Yum's KFC to curb antibiotic use in the chickens it buys 1491537987 World ‘Tan Sri’ who attempted bribing Johor Sultan out on bail 1491538308 Singapore New Zika cluster at Flower Road/Hendry Close, close to ongoing Simon Place cluster 1491480840 Singapore Washington affirms commitment to Asia-Pacific region 1491508920 Singapore S’pore must deal with ‘challenging terrain’ on trade with US 1491508920 World U.S. defense official calls U.S. strike on Syria a 'one-off' 1491537537 World Malaysian hotel operators up in arms over tourism tax 1491508920 World US vice president Pence to visit S Korea, Japan, Indonesia, Australia, Hawaii 1491493260 World Homs governor doesn't believe there are big human casualties at base 1491537028 World Bolivia seeks Friday Security Council talks on U.S. Syria strike 1491536953 Singapore Terror risk level in Singapore up for first time in 10 years: Report 1491494760 Singapore Boyfriend of alleged rape victim encouraged her to attend late-night party 1491508920 Singapore No haze for Singapore this year from Sumatran fires: Governor 1491494160 World Trump, China's Xi dine ahead of talks on security, trade 1491526680 Singapore Robot ‘security guards’ up for hire 1491508920 Singapore Think big, start small, act fast, civil servants told 1491508920 Entertainment Why no love for Phua Chu Kang, Singapore? 1491481440 Commentary Surviving the disruptive business environment mail print View all comments Tweet By Inderjit Singh - - Published: 4:00 AM, April 7, 2017 A decade ago, Apple had zero per cent share of the mobile phone market. Today, Apple’s iPhones lead the pack. How did Apple do it? What happened to then-leading players such as Nokia and Motorola? How do firms like Apple, Google and Facebook disrupt how things are done to become leaders in their sectors? It is imperative that organisations embrace disruptive thinking if they are to survive a disruptive business environment. The more volatile the environment, the easier it is for the truly innovative — or disruptive — company to pull ahead of its competitors. Disruptions have always been around. What is different now? A quick comparison shows that the world has changed faster in the last 50 years than in the last two centuries. Mr Chris Donnelly, director of the Institute for Statecraft, a policy and strategy group based in the United Kingdom, said: “The rate of change we are going through at the moment is comparable to what happens in war time … yet we think we are at peace. The global pace of change is overcoming the capacity of national and international institutions.” The question for any business is: How ready is your business to ride, nay, even survive, this disruptive environment? The bad news, according to advisory firms Constellation Research and Innosight, is that three out of four S&P 500 companies from 2012 will fade into obscurity by 2027. By their estimates, only one in five companies are highly prepared for disruptive innovation. The past 50 years can be characterised as one of globalisation — where technology resulted in a more inter-connected world, and there was relative ease of movement of people and resources. That world has changed. Today, we see the reverse — de-globalisation — taking place. Brexit, the election of United States President Donald Trump, and the uncertainty of elections in France and Germany are vital signals that the world that once found it mutually beneficial to work together no longer exists. Businesses will need to navigate this new terrain. They will find it harder to borrow money in the face of new capital regulations while protectionism will lead to reduced foreign direct investment, increased tariffs and less talent flow across borders. The disruption on the technological front is even more intense — think Artificial Intelligence, the Internet of Things, FinTech and cloud computing. More changes can be expected. As the use of mobile payments increases, will credit cards soon become the “horse and buggy” of the digital age? Will asset-lite models such as Uber, where resources are shared, rather than owned by individuals, become the norm? Companies that are going to survive need to embrace these new technologies. Leading edge, disruptive technology cannot take place unless it is supported by a culture that supports such innovation — one where experimentation and prototyping are encouraged; where failures are tolerated; where multi-disciplinary teams pool their resources and expertise together instead of guarding their own turf; and where there is enough agility to make changes necessary to implement new programmes, likely driven by top management. Another way for companies to accelerate technological change is to acquire ventures that add to their operations; or be prepared to partner, via mergers or licensing, technology that complement and extend operations. THINK LIKE A START-UP Beyond technology, the whole organisation must also be able to adapt and change. One of the factors commonly holding organisations back is “de-responsibilisation”, characterised by institutional conformity, group think, or a state of denial, which results in a risk-averse environment. Bright sparks, visionaries and mavericks do not thrive in such organisations and tend to pack up and leave the company in a fossilised stage, eventually resulting in a dearth of talent. While it may not be possible for companies to completely overhaul their organisations, they could start by empowering mini-enclaves — such as “dare departments” that are given the mandate to come out with new ideas; or “red teams” of independent, contrarian thinkers tasked to challenge the conventional way of doing things. Companies must also be prepared to have within their organisations skunk-works or experimental units that act like internal start-ups to empower small teams, which are allowed to develop new ideas quickly with minimal constraints. In doing so, companies create safe spaces for experimentation — and mistakes — which is important as a company that is risk-averse cannot improve. Organisations that will succeed are those that are able to think and act like a start-up — constantly searching for a better business model, better product, and better value. They are usually run by mavericks, usually their founders, who live by a crisis mentality — innovate or perish. This brings us back to how Apple used platform technology, a disruptive business model, to change the playing field. In rejecting the traditional business model of making and selling goods and services, Apple instead built an ecosystem with partners, and invited users to develop applications for its platform. The platform-technology strategy removed supply chain inefficiency, helped users find content, attracted new customers from beyond its traditional sources and spread market risks among collaborators. Apple and Android phones killed Nokia and Motorola. Sony, without the platform business model, is struggling. Other examples of platform technologies creating great value are Airbnb, Uber and Grab, which have brought players — consumers, asset owners, payment systems — onto one single platform. Page Adviser is doing the same for the service industry. Big companies die because they are unwieldy, complacent and move slowly. They settle for incremental gains through increased efficiency. Disrupters have high innovation velocity and explode off their starting mark in a non-linear, exponential manner. They dismantle to re-create, re-focus, re-engineer. Today’s most successful companies incorporate disruptive thinking. History is littered with winners and losers: Netflix versus Blockbuster, Apple versus Kodak, Samsung versus Sony. Leaders like Google know that they have to keep changing, and by adding Gmail, Google+, Drive, Hangouts, Calendar and many more into its G-Suite, make themselves indispensable to millennials. About the Author Mr Inderjit Singh chairs the Nanyang Technological University’s Board of Trustees’ Enterprise Committee. A former Member of Parliament, he is the founder and CEO of Solstar International, a Singapore-based consumer electronics products company. This article is an excerpt of a presentation made at the Nanyang Business School’s SME@Nanyang Leadership Programme Masterclass on Thursday (Apr 6). mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Commentary READ COMMENTED ‘Useless’ research — the seed of great breakthroughs ‘Unsinkable’ US-Japan ties about to be tested ‘Stall speed’ syndrome in global economies ‘Resource curse’ haunts Timor-Leste ‘One problem at a time’ just won’t do ‘Halo effect’ behind rise of far-right movement in Europe Why sustainability is key to keeping the haze away Why India is so unhappy, and how it can change Unlocking the growth potential of Chinese cities Trump’s failed healthcare repeal exposes Republican civil war The high-stakes Trump-Xi summit: What you need to know The future-of-government approach is important, but not easy to execute Surviving the disruptive business environment Robots: What is holding Singapore back? Realism needed on S China Sea code of conduct Inside Today World Britain says it fully supports U.S. strikes on Syria Putin says U.S. strikes on Syria illegal, harm U.S.-Russia ties Syrian air base suffers major damage due to U.S. strikes: Russia's RIA U.S. attack on Syrian base killed five, Homs governor says Russia, Iran condemn U.S. air strike in Syria as Britain, Turkey give support Business Stocks spooked, safe assets jump after U.S. missile strike on Syria Chase for tastier tortillas starts with age-old 'Mexican gold' Samsung tips best quarterly profit in over three years as chips soar U.S. South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A Sports End of the road for F1 in Malaysia after 2018, PM Najib confirms Previous FAS Councils not inclusive in decision-making: Razali Ex-national player Donald Koh is new badminton chief Long jumper Tia makes record-breaking start at National School Games Sundram's Lions move up four rungs in FIFA rankings Entertainment It’s official — Najip Ali is out of Malaysian show Najip Ali could lose spot on Astro’s flagship programme Affordable art on offer at two weekend events NHB engagement session participants discuss cultural awareness, heritage spaces Why no love for Phua Chu Kang, Singapore? About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares hit six-month high, A2 Milk still in favour Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares hit six-month high, A2 Milk still in favour . ComCom investigates Apple over warranty rights Chris Keall Friday April 7, 2017 1 Share Play NBR radio on The Commerce Commission is investigating Apple over its practice of replacing faulty new goods with refurbished ones, in some cases. Yesterday, the ComCom’s equivalent across the Tasman, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, said it filed Federal Court action over “alleged misleading consumer guarantee representations.” The ACCC says it commenced an investigation following reports relating to ‘error 53’ – an error which disabled some consumers’ iPads or iPhones after downloading an update to Apple’s iOS operating system. Many consumers who experienced error 53 had previously had their Apple device repaired by a third party; usually replacing a cracked screen, the regulator says. The ACCC says its investigation revealed that Apple appears to have routinely refused to look at or service consumers’ defective devices if a consumer had previously had the device repaired by a third party repairer, even where that repair was unrelated to the fault. This was despite a similar law to NZ’s Consumer Guarantees Act being in play that entitles consumers to a free remedy if a product doesn’t comply with consumer guarantees. Spokesman Christian Bonnevie says the ComCom in NZ is undertaking a “similar but different” investigation. So far, there is no indication if any court action will be taken. “We aren’t currently investigating the specific ‘error 53’ issue the ACCC has highlighted. However, we are investigating complaints that Apple may have made misleading representations to consumers about their rights during the rectification of fault issues,” Mr Bonnnevie says. “It includes whether it’s sufficient for Apple to provide refurbished or remanufactured goods as a replacement in some circumstances, such as for new products that are faulty.” Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Cross-appointments The ComCom is also keeping a watching brief on the ACCC case against Apple across the Tasman. Under a cross-appointment system that has been in place since 2010, two NZ Commerce Commission members (chairman Dr Mark Berry and his deputy Sue Begg) are associate members of the ACCC, while the ACCC commissioner Sarah Court is also an associate member of our ComCom. Read more from Chris Keall Email Chris: ckeall@nbr.co.nz Follow @@ChrisKeall 1 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Apple Commerce Commission ACCC consumer guarantees act Related Articles:  Banks lose fight over Apple Pay Fri 31 Mar 17 12 Apple introduces red iPhone for Aids charity, lighter and cheaper iPad Wed 22 Mar 17 1 Apple NZ reports lower full year profit, defers taxes Wed 1 Mar 17 Paid content No evidence of Apple tax rort Sat 25 Mar 17 23 1 Comment & Question Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by CT 3 hours ago Apple retailers also routinely say they are "not allowed" to discount prices. Why is Apple exempt from NZ laws against price fixing? Reply Share Share   0 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.6969 -0.0007 -0.10% AUD 0.9243 0.0027 0.29% EUR 0.6548 0.0011 0.17% GBP 0.5590 0.0002 0.04% HKD 5.4153 -0.0041 -0.08% JPY 77.2620 0.1920 0.25% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1253.3 -0.180 2017-04-06T00: Oil Brent 55.2 0.810 2017-04-06T00: Oil Nymex 52.1 0.990 2017-04-06T00: Silver Index 18.2 0.060 2017-04-06T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7289.5 7289.5 7289.5 -0.63% NASDAQ 5870.5 5889.6 5864.5 0.25% DAX 12147.4 12242.5 12217.5 0.11% DJI 20653.8 20746.5 20648.2 0.07% FTSE 7331.7 7331.7 7331.7 -0.39% HKSE 24247.0 24247.0 24273.7 -0.56% NI225 18715.0 18785.7 18597.1 0.36% ASX 5856.3 5888.6 5856.3 0.11% Most Popular Read FROM THE NINTH FLOOR: Sir Geoffrey Palmer Jury in Little's Hagaman case still in deliberation Snakk shares plunge almost 70% in two days Kiwibank's shareholders shore up its capital with $247 million injection ASX asks Powerhouse to explain why prospectus doesn't match reality Commented ASX asks Powerhouse to explain why prospectus doesn't match reality Chris Liddell splashes $15m on Auckland apartment UFB increases primary school academic performance - Motu 'Running on empty' Orion stabilises after two-day battering Fonterra caught up in Aussie row over payments to suppliers Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. NBR's Tim Hunter discusses the options for MediaWorks US missiles slam into Syrian airbase as China’s president lands in Florida for talks, on Trump’s Beltway Auckland Airport's Jason Delamere describes its latest service, a new loyally scheme, Strata Club Ian Apperley is unhappy Anne Tolley is controlling the IT aspect of government The best interviews from the last week of March with Grant Walker on NBR Radio Only available on Previous article While you were sleeping: UPDATED Oil, Dow gain as US-China summit starts New Zealand has a new minister for information technology Augusta doubles NPT stake Next article Employers reject OECD call for redundancy insurance levy to lift re-employment rate 2degrees brings time-based data plans to New Zealand – with Uber-style surge pricing ASX asks Powerhouse to explain why prospectus doesn't match reality Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> ComCom investigates Apple over warranty rights
Apple releases Clips | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple releases Clips Australian consumer commission suing Apple… Apple execs remain optimistic about Apple… Scania becomes first company to add CarPlay… Apple patent hints at improvement to let… Apple Music for Android update adds lyrics… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Blue Ella Headphones Apple iPad (Fifth-Generation) AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle… Blue Sadie Headphones Circle with Disney Parental Control and Internet… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Gear4 Piccadilly and Soho for iPhone 7 Catalyst Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus ExoLens Case for iPhone 7 iClever BoostCube Dual Port USB Wall Charger GettaGrip Grip2u Boss for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Just Mobile Headstand Avant MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… Belkin DuraTek USB–C Cable IK Multimedia Fulltone Collection for AmpliTube Urban Armor Gear Plasma Series Case for MacBook… SmallCubed Mail Act-On Henge Docks Horizontal Docking Station HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Using 3D Touch to view notifications in folders Checking HomeKit accessory battery levels… Using Theatre Mode in watchOS 3.2 Renaming Albums in the iOS 10 Photos app Adjusting 3D Touch Sensitivity Changing iPhone volume using Siri DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Nifty MiniDrive MicroSD Card… Daily Deal: Live Home 3D Pro for Mac Daily Deal: G-BOOM Wireless Bluetooth Boombox Daily Deal: MacX Media Management Bundle Daily Deal: Kove Commuter Wireless Speaker Daily Deal: TigerVPN Lifetime Subscription GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple releases Clips By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 13 hours ago Apple has just released its new Clips social video sharing app as a free download on the iOS App Store. Announced two weeks ago alongside Apple’s new iPad and (PRODUCT)RED iPhone updates, Clips is a new app that will allow users to create videos that combine photos, music, and other video clips with very simple editing features for adjusting clip length, reordering them, and adding more content. Users can use their voice to make animated captions over their videos, and add Snapchat-like filters, stickers, speech bubbles, shapes and more. Facial recognition features will also allow the app to identify people in the videos and offer to send copies to them via Messages, or share their resulting videos via Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and more. Comments Australian consumer commission suing Apple over ‘Error 53’ iPhone failures » Related Stories Australian consumer commission suing Apple over ‘Error 53’ iPhone failures Apple refunding recent purchases of Workflow app Apple releases minor iOS 10.3.1 security update Apple bidding on Toshiba’s flash memory division, cuts ties with Imagination Technologies Apple eyes premium cable bundle with HBO, Showtime, Starz MLB.com At Bat and NHL now allow users to personalize Home Screen icons Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple releases Clips Australian consumer commission suing Apple over ‘Error 53’ iPhone failures Apple execs remain optimistic about Apple Pay, despite slow uptake Scania becomes first company to add CarPlay to semi trucks Apple patent hints at improvement to let Siri recognize specific voices Apple Music for Android update adds lyrics support, brings design into line with iOS 10 Music Reports: iPhone 8 won’t cost more than $1,000, but launch may be delayed to October or November High-level Apple designer Christopher Stringer leaves the company Apple adds 22 new U.S. banks, credit unions Apple refunding recent purchases of Workflow app Recent Reviews Blue Ella Headphones Apple iPad (Fifth-Generation) AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle Lens Kit Blue Sadie Headphones Circle with Disney Parental Control and Internet Filtering System Pioneer Rayz Plus Lightning Connector Earphones BEEM United BeMe D200 Lightning Connector Earphones Jam Audio JAM Xterior Max Rugged Wireless Bluetooth Speaker HiFiMAN Edition S Headphones Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 07, 2:47 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Clips App Now Available, Here's How To Use Clips To Edit Creative Videos By Denisse Moreno On 04/06/17 AT 4:20 PM Close You can now edit videos with Apple’s new app Clips. The app, which was revealed a couple of weeks ago when the company introduced the RED iPhone 7 models, is now available for free on the App Store. Clips allows users to creatively edit videos by adding music and animations to videos and photos from their library or taken live with the app. How To Use Apple’s Video Editing App ‘Clips’ Once you download the app an intro of Clips will play automatically before getting started. To trim videos with Clips just drag the bar, similar to how you edit on Instagram. You can also reorder your clips when making a movie. Read: Snapchat Update, Stories Problem: How To See Who Viewed My Snap Story Apple Clips Filters The app offers filters to choose from for your clips: Noir, Instant, Transfer, Fade, Comic Book, Ink and Chrome. Apple releases video-editing app Clips. Photo: Clips By Apple Apple Clips Music You can add music to your clips by using pre-loaded soundtracks or downloading new ones under the music icon, similar to the app VivaVideo. You can also mute audio completely. Read: Facebook And Revenge Porn: Photo-Matching Technologies Aim To Stop Illegal Sharing On FB, Instagram Apple Clips Live Titles, Stickers and Other Effects Clips allows users to be more creative when making videos by adding Live Titles to your media. For example, there’s a title card that says “The End” for when your video is done, or if you’re doing a tutorial, you can add the “Step 1” title. For Live Titles, you can choose how long you want them to run and the background audio, including recording a voiceover. Other ways to be creative with clips: animated speech bubbles, arrows and banners. Also, under the star icon, you can choose from various stickers, just like you do with Instagram and Snapchat. Stickers on Apple video-editing app Clips. Photo: Clips by Apple Apple Clips Captions You can add captions to your videos -- and it’s extremely easy. All you have to do is speak while recording and the captions are automatically generated as you talk to match the timing of your voiceover. You can also choose where you want the captions to appear on the video. Apple releases video-editing app Clips. Photo: Clips by Apple Apple Clips Sharing videos The app suggests people to share with based on who is in your videos and those you mostly share with. When you click on the share button those people will appear on the screen, along with other apps you can share the video with, including Facebook, YouTube and Instagram. Apple releases video-editing app Clips. Photo: Clips by Apple Clips, which requires iOS 10.3, is compatible with iPhone 5s or later, the new 9.7-inch iPad, all iPad Air models and all iPad Pro models, iPad mini 2 and the 6th generation iPod touch. Related Stories Apple And Samsung Sign Two-Year Contract For iPhone OLED Panels Apple Customizing ‘Hey Siri’ Command Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business French Montana Pulls A Don Imus The rapper had some choice words for a Twitter user that has sparked a social media uproar over race. Technology Microsoft Surface Gets Higher Customer Satisfaction Rating Than iPad The report noted that with an overall satisfaction score of 855 on a 1,000-point scale, Microsoft topped the list mostly for its design, styling and features. World Modeling Error Could Be Causing The Antineutrino Anomaly One of the leading theories behind the production of a smaller than expected number of antineutrinos during nuclear fission, is the creation of sterile neutrinos. National Scarlett Johansson Disappointed By Ivanka Trump's Actions Scarlett Johansson condemned Ivanka Trump for statements made during her CBS News interview with Gayle King earlier this week. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $1,550 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, $150 UE Boom 2... What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more... Don’t want internet providers to sell your browsing data? Use a VPN Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak?   skip to main content skip to main menu     Is Apple working on 8K display for its completely rethought Mac Pro? By Christian Zibreg, Apr 6, 2017 Tweet 3 Comments Apple is working on a “completely rethought” Mac Pro model with a highly modular design, slated for release in 2018, that should cater to the needs of its most-demanding pro users. As confirmed by company executives earlier this week, its engineers are also developing an external display that will launch at some point next year, too. According to the Pike’s Universe blog, the rumored Apple-branded display will feature a massive 8K resolution, giving it twice the pixels of a standard 4K screen and sixty percent more pixels than the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display. “Apple is also working on a 8K display for the next generation of Mac Pros,” reads the story. Let’s assume for a moment that Pike’s Universe’s source can be trusted. If there’s in fact such a thing as a standalone 8K display in Apple’s labs, we can infer from its huge resolution that the company will primarily target it at people who are in the market for a next-generation Mac Pro. And with the horizontal resolution in the order of 8,000 pixels, it would form the total image dimensions of 7,680 by 4,320 pixels—or more than 33 million pixels! The report says it’ll be “much more like a PC with the next generation EFI BIOS.” In other words, this won’t be the monitor for the rest of us. Apple will likely price it out of reach of anyone who doesn’t do the most demanding creative things for a living, like CAD, virtual reality content development, film production and more. Just a few months ago, Apple confirmed it had exited the standalone display business. The news came much to the dismay of customers like yours truly who have been patiently keeping their fingers crossed for a 4K-enabled Thunderbolt Display from Apple. True, Apple did try to appease customers by offering LG’s UltraFine 4K and UltraFine 5K displays at temporarily reduced prices. That didn’t go too well because users started complaining about interference when an UltraFine monitor was used near a router, which led to image distortion. That annoying problem has since been fixed, but the fact remains that LG’s UltraFine monitors are not ultimate docking station in a way Apple’s Thunderbolt Display was. For instance, UltraFine monitors lack a Gigabit Ethernet port that the now discontinued Thunderbolt Display used to provide along with one FireWire 800 port, three USB ports and a dedicated Thunderbolt port. You would simply connect your MacBook to your Thunderbolt Display via a Thunderbolt cable and all those ports (plus stereo sound, microphone input and video data from built-in webcam) would become available to your Mac. The blog doesn’t say when the 8K monitor may go on sale, but Apple said it won’t be ready this year. Image: Two Thunderbolt Displays connected to a MacBook Pro. Source: Pike’s Universe Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple starts accepting orders for LG’s 27″ UltraFine 5K Display, ships in 2-4 weeks Next-generation MacBook Pro could adopt brighter & sharper OLED display technology KGI: new MacBook Pros and 13″ MacBook next week, iMacs & 5K Cinema Display in 2017 Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? Related Topics Accessories, Apple, Display, Mac, Mac Pro, News, Rumors, Screen David Wolf 8K: 33 MP 4K: 8 MP not twice, fourth! (5K: >14 MP) Martynet I would love a mac pro with 8K 40″ screen 🙂 2x fastest graphic cards in SLI mode, 128 GB RAM, 2x 2TB SSD, DAC with 24bit/192khz, SD card slot, 8x USBC, Ethernet and new black magic keyboard. Ara Rezaee They’d need to develop a whole new interface to be able to run 8k 10bit@60p, knowing Apple… It’s entirely possible.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? Apple’s Clips app does not work on 32-bit devices The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore Hands on with Clips, Apple’s new social video editing app Apple’s free app of the week: Toca Life: School   The latest jailbreak news NoLockScreenCam disables camera access on the Lock screen How to save .shsh2 blobs for the Apple TV Customize the look of your Messages app with BetterMessages This tweak helps you differentiate comments in the official Reddit app Let’s Talk Jailbreak 160: On the gravy train for life iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Apple Valley essay contest winner looks to change the world Thursday Apr 6, 2017 at 12:40 PM Apr 6, 2017 at 5:52 PM Rene Ray De La Cruz Staff Writer @DP_ReneDeLaCruz APPLE VALLEY — Enrique Arcilla has recently discovered his writing has not only allowed him to craft stories for the edification of others, but the process is also crafting him. The 16-year-old junior from the Academy for Academic Excellence in Apple Valley has won several writing contests, with one essay getting the attention of the Mojave Water Agency. Arcilla was chosen as the MWA 2016 Essay Contest winner, with his essay titled, “The Path to Sustainability,” focusing on a water-wise population in 2036 through efforts begun some 20 years earlier. “I actually entered the contest because of the opportunity to win a $5,000 scholarship,” said Arcilla, who lives in Apple Valley. “But as I worked through the process of research and writing, I soon found myself becoming more aware of the issue — that’s when I became more of an environmentalist.” Arcilla said the MWA essay was one of many pieces he’s written that has broadened his understanding of the world and has begun to craft his perception of life. The MWA essay winner was also given the opportunity to speak at the agency’s 2016 High Desert Water Summit at Barstow Community College's Performing Arts Center. The agency was so impressed that it invited him to serve as emcee of the 2017 High Desert Water Summit at High Desert Church last month. Arcilla is currently participating in several writing contests, including one with the Lions Club International where the young writer has focused his essay on privacy rights as they relate to national security. “These contests are not just about winning scholarship money, but about the edification I’ve received by my participation,” Arcilla said. “I wish more people would become engaged in the process of learning about issues and taking action.” Arcilla is the son of Ricardo Arcilla, a business analyst at St. Joseph Health, St. Mary, and Monica Loaiza-Arcilla, a math and social studies teacher at Vanguard Preparatory School. Both have supported their son in his academic endeavors. Arcilla is a member of his school’s mock trial team, volunteers at St. Joseph Health, St. Mary, works with AAE’s Make-A-Wish Club and plans to attend Pomona College to study sociology and economics. “I’d like to obtain my masters in sociology, with an emphasis in political science,” Arcilla said. "My ultimate goal is to work for the United Nations in economic and social development. I’d like to help influence the growth of nations for sustainable patterns of growth.” Arcilla credits his parents, teachers and friends who have encouraged and influenced him to push the boundaries of learning and activism. “I think those around me have helped me to become more outgoing and to try new things that I might have been afraid to fail in,” Arcilla said. “I read that failure is just a stepping stone to success.” Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, RDeLa Cruz@VVDailyPress.com or on Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Surprise! Apple Inc. Won't Build Its Own Mac Processors A new report from a respected journalist says Apple isn't planning to move the Mac to its own processors anytime soon. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 6, 2017 at 3:30PM Respected journalist Ina Fried, writing for Axios, was one of a handful of journalists invited to a Mac briefing at Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). You can read Fried's full article, but there is one thing in particular that stood out about this report (bolded portion mine): The company has no plans for touchscreen Macs, or for machines powered solely by the kind of ARM processors used in the iPhone and iPad. However, executives left open the possibility ARM chips could play a broader role as companion processors, something that showed up first with the T1 processor that powers the Touch Bar in the new MacBook Pro. In other words, those expecting that Apple would give Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) the boot in favor of homegrown chips should probably rethink those expectations. Image source: Intel. Does this mean Intel is off the hook? However, even though Apple "has no plans" to convert the Mac to its homegrown ARM-based systems -- something it would need to actively work on and support years in advance of an actual software and hardware transition -- that doesn't mean Intel is necessarily off the hook. Over the past several years, Intel has struggled to deliver new products on time. System vendors, like Apple, depend heavily on Intel to deliver new chips and related platform technologies on time. It's likely that Intel's time-to-market struggles have been frustrating to personal-computer makers, including Apple. However, Intel has stated publicly that it's now committed to releasing new products that deliver solid performance improvements each year. If Intel can consistently deliver for Apple in the coming years in terms of building compelling products and getting them out in time, then Intel should be able to keep Apple, as well as its other major customers, happy.  Apple probably doesn't want to build its own Mac chips Although there's been a lot of talk that Apple might build its own Mac processors and all the (supposed) advantages that doing so would confer upon the Mac product line, I doubt Apple would really want to transition away from Intel and toward its own chips. For one thing, Apple is much better off focusing its talented chip teams on chips targeted at iPads and, much more importantly, iPhones. These devices arguably represent the future of computing, together make up the bulk of Apple's hardware revenue, and are both product categories that are much more receptive to the differentiation that Apple can bring at the chip level than the Mac would be. Indeed, given how fiercely competitive the smartphone and tablet markets are, Apple needs every competitive edge it can get. And given how important those product lines are to Apple's top and bottom lines, I can't imagine that duplicating the work Intel already does well would be a good use of talent or money. In addition, Intel has built quite a reputation for itself in the personal-computer market. Many, if not most, prospective personal-computer buyers know the name Intel, know about the company's Core processors, and are familiar with Intel's "good, better, best" product segmentation within its Core processor lineup (i.e., Core i3, Core i5, and Core i7). Apple can leverage Intel's brand work to try to upsell customers to higher-end Intel processors, which, in turn, boosts Apple's Mac average selling prices and gross profit per unit. Apple could conceivably invest in building out a brand for its chips and aggressively segmenting them as Intel does today, but it's just more work that Apple would need to do to replicate what's already out there.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 3:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.66 down $0.36 (-0.25%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.03 down $0.19 (-0.52%) Read More 1 Way Intel Corporation Wants to Improve R&D Efficiency Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Inside Intel Corporation's Foundry Ambitions Will Intel Profit From Self-Driving Cars? Intel Corporation’s Exciting Plan to Chop Up Future Chips Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Surprise! Apple Inc. Won't Build Its Own Mac Processors @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X Apple Clips is like Snapchat on training wheels Share × × × × Apple Clips is like Snapchat on training wheels Todd Haselton | CNBC Apple Clips, the latest application from Apple, is now available to download. Apple Clips might be viewed as a take on Snapchat — it's about recording and sharing quick video clips with friends, just like Snapchat — but it's also very different. It doesn't, for example, have a section for Stories, Friends or advertisements. It's simple in its execution: you open the app, hit record, add some emoji, and send it off via text message. Let's take a quick look at how Apple Clips works and what it's all about. — By CNBC's Todd Haselton Posted 6 April 2017 SHARES Todd Haselton | @robotodd 11 Hours Ago You’ll find Apple Clips in the iTunes App Store. It’s free and you can install it now. CNBC: Todd Haselton You’ll be looking right at yourself when you open it. Tap record to get going. Don’t be scared, the water’s warm. Todd Haselton | CNBC If you tap the text box at the top of the screen, anything you speak will be translated to text and overlaid on top of your clip. Todd Haselton | CNBC You can also add all sorts of filters. Apple doesn’t include fun 3D masks or images like Snapchat does, though. Maybe someday. Todd Haselton | CNBC You can overlay emoji on your video, but there aren’t a whole bunch to choose from. Todd Haselton | CNBC There are even different intros and outro clips. Each one needs to be downloaded, but it only takes a few seconds. Todd Haselton | CNBC You can also add all sorts of soundtracks to your clip. Maybe choose something in the “Chill” category if you’re recording some fun at the beach. Todd Haselton | CNBC You can see how your video is coming along by hitting play at the bottom of the screen. When you’re done, just tap “Done.” Todd Haselton | CNBC All of your finished videos are available at the top of the Clips application. You can choose to open or share them via text message or to various social networks. You can even save video right to your camera roll. Todd Haselton | CNBC That's all there is to it! My guess is Apple's just getting started. It hasn't ever produced a popular social network. (Remember iTunes Ping? Exactly.) This is a pretty darn good start, though. I hate to say it, especially since it has become a bit of a meme since Facebook copied Snapchat, but Apple Clips could use a "Stories" section. That way you could easily pop in and see stories created by other users, and you could share your clips without ever leaving the app. I'm very curious to see where Apple takes this in the future, but Snapchat shouldn't be shaking in its boots just yet. Todd Haselton | CNBC more from Tech Guide
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Yesterday AAPL: 143.66 -0.36 Rumor: Modular Mac Pro may not ship until early 2019, new iPad Pro and Mac integration planned Zac Hall - Apr. 6th 2017 12:17 pm PT @apollozac iPad Mac Mac Pro iPad Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit When Apple revealed on Tuesday that the current Mac Pro will not see a major update and instead an all-new modular Mac Pro is being developed, the company stopped short of saying just when that decision was made and how long ago the new project started. Apple said the modular Mac Pro won’t be available in 2017, but didn’t explicitly promise the new machine would be ready next year. OSNews managing editor Thom Holwerda believes the project actually started “only a few weeks ago” and won’t be complete as soon as we may expect. Sony A6500 Citing anonymous “people and sources who know their stuff” in his blog post, Holwerda writes that Apple’s decision “seems to have been made only in recent months” following professional user response to the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and the lack of Mac Pro updates. Well, after the announcement of the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, orders for refurbished “old” MacBook Pros supposedly went through the roof, and after the initial batch of reviews came out, they shot up even higher. This response to the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar took Apple completely by surprise. Apple still sells versions of its previous cheaper MacBook Pro, for what it’s worth, and Apple did temporarily discount Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C accessories after pushback from MacBook Pro customers. Apple said this at the time: We recognize that many users, especially pros, rely on legacy connectors to get work done today and they face a transition. We want to help them move to the latest technology and peripherals, as well as accelerate the growth of this new ecosystem. Back to Holwerda, he also writes that problems with the LG UltraFine 5K Display that Apple positioned as a successor to the discontinued Thunderbolt Display further pushed Apple to invest in its pro hardware. LG eventually resolved those issues, but a new Apple branded pro display is coming alongside the module Mac Pro according to the company. The most interesting nugget in the piece doesn’t relate to when Apple decided to shift direction with the Mac Pro strategy but is instead this detail: In addition, Apple is said to be exploring additional Retina MacBook Pro models without the Touch Bar, and other pro-oriented features, such as hooking an iPad Pro up to a Mac to use it as a Cintiq-like device. Apple already makes one version of its new MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar, although it’s positioned as an entry-level machine to hit a price point and not a more professional solution. Separately, integrating the iPad Pro and Apple Pencil closely with macOS in such a way is a neat idea on its own regardless of the Mac Pro direction and timeline. People already do this with competing tablet products, and Astropad takes this same approach. I've also made a small update to my original story. After reviewing the transcript — Apple never explicitly said Mac Pro would be next year. pic.twitter.com/gJ6hSgBKir — Matthew Panzarino (@panzer) April 6, 2017 Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide Mac View THe Guide Mac Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Adding Touch Bar To iMac Keyboard Corazon Victorino International Business TimesApril 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share After introducing the dynamic secondary display in last year’s MacBook Pro laptops and marketed it as the Touch Bar, Apple could be working on bringing this technology to its iMac keyboard. Recently, Samsung’s biggest rival came up with patent applications that detail an iMac keyboard having an extra feature called Adaptive Input Row, which looks and functions like the Touch Bar.  On Monday, Patently Apple learned of three new Apple patent applications that contain information about a “Keyboard with an Adaptive Input Row.” Based on the descriptions of the new row, it will be placed above the alpha-numeric keys as replacement to the traditional function keys on the user-input device. The documents also mention that the touchscreen panel would be capable of performing the same functionality as the traditional function keys and even more, since it is designed to expand or change to diverse sets of commands and functions.  Because of the obvious similarities to how they function and look, it’s clear that Apple’s Adaptive Input Row in the new patent applications is the same thing with the current MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar. An illustration that’s part of the documents shows an iMac desktop standing in front of a keyboard with the OLED strip atop the alpha-numeric keys. Other details found in the patents pertain to the materials and their arrangement to make the setup work in the iMac keyboard.  READ: Why is Apple refunding Workflow users? The appearance of the new Apple patents on the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office’s site comes just days before word about the Cupertino giant’s private meeting with journalists surfaced online. During the said meeting, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi said that new iMacs are in the works. According to him, the new iMac desktops that will be released later this year are designed for professional users.  Federighi did not spill the beans on what changes consumers can expect from the next-generation iMacs, but he did share that Apple is pushing the iMac to be a high-performance pro system that’s intended mainly for the professional market, as per Apple Insider. It isn’t clear if part of this new approach would be the addition of the Touch Bar onto the al-in-one computer’s keyboard. iMacMore Apple’s future iMacs could have Touch Bars on their keyboards. Photo: Reuters/Danny Moloshok   Related Articles Apple Offers Worklfow App Users Refunds Apple To Release Redesigned Mac Pro Apple Building Own Graphics Processors For iPhones, iPads Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Don’t throw these sneakers out — you can compost them Yahoo Tech Astronomers just discovered something awesome about the most Earth-like planet ever found BGR News How Apple's secrecy can hurt consumers Yahoo Tech This is your last chance to get T-Mobile’s best promo for free BGR News Pogue’s Basics: How to speed up YouTube playback with a keystroke Yahoo Tech Robot arms are now teaching each other how to work Yahoo Tech Surface Pro 4 Just Hit Rock Bottom Price Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) The disruption of workers by robots is about to take a giant leap forward Yahoo Tech Google's new YouTube TV lets you watch cable for $35 a month Yahoo Tech Snap up the discontinued Polaroid Cube 1080p action camera for $58 on Amazon Digital Trends ‘Thursday Night Football’ is coming to Amazon Prime next season Yahoo Tech Obsess over your dog even more with this smart pet door Yahoo Tech Astronomers may have the data they need to prove ‘Planet Nine’ exists BGR News Artificial intelligence is now trying to make sense out of the mess that is Congress Yahoo Tech
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Graphics Cards Opinion Is this the graphics card for the future Mac Pro? Nvidia’s new Titan Xp will come with Mac drivers, and the possibilities of its use puts excitement into the Mac community. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Roman Loyola Senior Editor, Macworld | Apr 6, 2017 11:30 AM PT Credit: Nvidia More like this Wish list: What I’d like to see in the new Mac Pro Blasphemy! I played Witcher 3 on a MacBook Air thanks to Nvidia's GeForce Now Nvidia card will be a good thing for Mac Pro users Video MacBook Pro review: The Touch Bar bridges the gap between iPad and Mac Nvidia on Thursday released a new flagship graphics card, the Titan Xp. While Mac users probably wouldn’t normally care about graphics card announcements, there are a couple of reasons why the Titan Xp demands your attention. To start, Nvidia will release Mac drivers for the Titan Xp. On its company blog, Nvidia says that, “this gives Mac users access to the immense horsepower delivered by our award-winning Pascal-powered GPUs.” Now consider Apple’s recent revelations about the future of the Mac Pro. It’s easy to speculate that the Nvidia announcement means that the Titan Xp is the graphics card we could see in the future Mac Pro. It would behoove Apple to put the best available graphics card in the future Mac Pro, and right now, that could be the Titan Xp. But the future Mac Pro isn’t due until 2018, so there’s a good chance that a new, more powerful graphics card will replace the Titan Xp. After all, Nvidia’s prior flagship, the GeForce GTX 1080 Ti (which, according to our sister site, PCWorld, was “the ultimate graphics card, period”) was released just a month ago. Here’s another thought in regards to the Mac Pro. If a new flagship is released between now and 2018, maybe the Titan Xp becomes the graphics card for the affordable future Mac Pro, with the new flagship in the high-end model. (It’s fun to speculate, isn’t it?) The other reason why the Nvidia announcement is interesting: The company confirmed to 9to5Mac that all of its Pascal-based graphics card will have Mac-compatible drivers. This includes Nvidia’s GeForce GTX 1080 Ti. If you put together a Hackintosh, you can use any Pascal-based Nvidia graphics card and be the envy of your Mac Pro-using buddies. There’s also a possibility (though it hasn’t been mentioned by Nvidia) that the Nvidia Mac drivers could allow Pascal-based cards to be used in pre-2013 Mac Pro, extending the life of the tower Mac. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Graphics Cards Macs Mac Pro Roman has covered technology since the early 1990s. His career started at MacUser, and he's worked for MacAddict, Mac|Life, TechTV, PC/Computing, and Windows NT Systems. He's also written for MacRumors and Realtor.com. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
lifehacker Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Skillet Two Cents Vitals Gear Apple Clips Attempts to Make Editing Short Videos Fun, Ends Up Being Confusing to Use Thorin KlosowskiYesterday 2:15pm Filed to: downloads apple iphone downloads ios downloads video video editing 3 1 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink iPhone: Apple Clips, Apple’s newest app, is an attempt at making a video editing app that works something like Snapchat or Instagram, without the social component. The end result is a bit baffling to use, though it does show some promise. Advertisement As a video editor, Apple Clips is as simple as it gets. You can shoot video, crop it down, then apply a variety of filters. The first filter you can add is a voice transcription tool, which Apple calls Live Titles. Tap the word bubble icon and it’ll transcribe whatever you say and lay it over the video like subtitles. This sounds handy, but it works about as well as any other voice transcription works, which is not particularly well. Thankfully, you can jump in and edit those captions if you need to. Next up, you can tap the three circles icon to apply a few traditional video filters that alter the general appearance of a video. You can change filters on a clip-by-clip basis, so if you have a few different video clips in a row, they don’t all have to have the same filter. Advertisement If you tap the star icon, you’ll find a sticker system where you can overlay a handful of symbols. This conveniently includes a page with your most used emoji as well. Oddly, that’s it. Just your most used emoji. You can tap one at random to insert it into a video, then double tap the emoji to edit it, but that’s a bizarre way to do things to say the least. Finally, you can also add title cards by tapping the T icon, and a soundtrack by tapping the music note icon. It doesn’t look like it at first, but you can edit the title cards to say whatever you want. Just pick the visual style you want to use, then tap the text to change it. Once you’re done making a video, you can export it or send it over to a friend. Videos are limited to a square format, but there’s beyond that there’s quite a bit you can do here, though the learning curve is surprisingly high for an app that’s marketed for its simplicity. In an effort to keep things simple, Apple Clips ditches a lot of traditional UI elements, which means for the first 10 or 15 minutes of using it, you’ll be blindly tapping icons and swiping around the screen trying to figure out how it all works. Sponsored If you happen to get things right on the first attempt, Apple Clips seems like a fun tool, but the second you try and actually edit something it all falls apart into a baffling mess of random taps. For example, if you’re editing a section of a video, you can easily add transcription, filters, or stickers. But I have no idea how to get back to the main video timeline screen to add in music or titles unless I back all the way to main start screen. The whole thing just feels incredibly unintuitive. Perhaps once you take the time to learn how Apple Clips works, then learn all the limitations, you can start making good videos. That’s assuming you want to take the time to do so. Advertisement Apple Clips (Free) | iTunes App Store Thorin Klosowski thorin@lifehacker.com @kingthor Senior Writer, Lifehacker Reply3 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Lifehacker How to Organize Your Mess of Recipes With the Paprika App Yesterday 3:16pm Lifehacker Don't Panic, File a Tax Extension to Buy More Time Yesterday 12:30pm Lifehacker 23andMe Now Provides Risk Information for 10 Genetic Diseases and Conditions Yesterday 5:00pm Recent from Thorin Klosowski 4 44 19.3K Lifehacker · Thorin Klosowski How to Organize Your Mess of Recipes With the Paprika App Yesterday 3:16pm 3 8 14K Lifehacker · Thorin Klosowski Humble Bundle's New Book Collection Helps You Start Coding With Python Wednesday 5:30pm 18 100 94.4K Lifehacker · Thorin Klosowski The Biggest Misconceptions About VPNs Wednesday 12:10pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Lifehacker Store Redirecting to the Lifehacker store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple May Be Working on 8K Display and New High-End Mac Mini Thursday April 6, 2017 11:08 AM PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple recently said it is working on a "completely rethought" Mac Pro with a modular design that will be accompanied by an Apple-branded pro display. Apple did not share any specific details about the external display, but if the blog Pike's Universum is to be believed, it could feature an impressive 8K resolution. The report did not offer any additional details about the display, including a potential release date, but Apple said it won't be ready this year. 8K displays are just starting to reach the market now, led by Dell's new 32-inch UltraSharp 8K display, which retails for $5,000 in the United States. Apple has yet to launch a display with greater than 5K resolution, as found on the iMac with Retina 5K Display and the UltraFine 5K Display it partnered with LG on. Apple confirmed that it had exited the standalone display market after discontinuing the Thunderbolt Display in June 2016, but it has evidently reversed course. It's a smart move, given concerns that Apple was no longer focused on pros, and considering that LG's UltraFine 5K Display had a hardware flaw. On the Mac mini front, the blog said that the next high-end model "won't be so mini anymore," suggesting the most expensive configuration might have a larger or taller design to accommodate for upgraded tech specs. Apple last updated the Mac mini in October 2014, a span of 903 days, per the MacRumors Buyer's Guide. Apple recently said the Mac mini is "important" within its product lineup, but it remained tight-lipped about the prospects of future updates. The current Mac mini models, which are designed to be connected to a display, keyboard, and mouse purchased separately, range in price from $499 to $999. The base model is equipped with a 1.4GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with 4GB of RAM, a 500GB hard drive, and integrated Intel HD Graphics 5000. Intel has released faster Kaby Lake processors appropriate for the Mac mini, but no other rumors have surfaced about the entry-level computer as of yet. At least one other plausible addition is Thunderbolt 3, which is already included on the MacBook Pro and rumored to be added to the next iMac models as well. Pike's Universum is best known for spotting references to unreleased Macs or upcoming software versions hidden within Apple's operating systems. The blog does not have an established track record of reporting on Apple's plans based on its own inside sources, so this rumor should be treated with caution for now. Related Roundups: Mac mini, Displays Tag: Pike's Universum Buyer's Guide: Mac Mini (Don't Buy) 117 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) sunapple 13 hours ago at 11:23 am The "Mac" is back in MacRumors again. It's like Apple reads the forums and counters the disappointment with future plans and rumors. So far so good IMO. Rating: 9 Votes truthertech 13 hours ago at 11:28 am Once again you are mistaking the facts when you say "Apple confirmed they were getting out of display business." Your only supporting document is a link back to your own article when you quote a tweet from Nilay Patel stating he spoke with some unnamed source, and Patel has had his own problems including warring with Apple over issues. LOL. Now he has egg all over his face. Apple never said this and it never made sense so please stop repeating what can be called "fake news," especially since Apple's recent press confab revealed that they simply have been working on the next gen of displays. Ditto that Apple was getting out of Mac Pro business, many claimed this but also have egg on their face. Notice that the Verge and Patel weren't invited-revealing. Correct way to report on the facts is "it was rumored by one blogger, but never confirmed by Apple" that Apple was getting out of display business." Same type of false info has been reported by many that Apple is getting out of router business. Another LOL. They are going all in on wireless in your home and elsewhere. Rating: 9 Votes TurboPGT! 13 hours ago at 11:15 am ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/04/06/apple-8k-display-larger-mac-mini-rumor/') Apple confirmed that it had exited the standalone display market ('//www.macrumors.com/2016/10/28/apple-out-of-display-business/') after discontinuing the Thunderbolt Display ('//www.macrumors.com/2016/06/23/apple-discontinues-thunderbolt-display/') in June 2016, but it has evidently reversed course. False. The fraudulent tech media pronounced Apple's exit from the display business, because they discontinued an out-of-date product that they didn't want anyone purchasing. Their next entry in this space is simply not ready yet. Rating: 6 Votes Rigby 12 hours ago at 11:43 am Isn't the concept of a "high-end" Mac Mini missing the point of the device? It was always supposed to the the cheapest way into the Mac ecosystem (remember Steve Jobs saying "BYOKMAM", Bring Your Own Keyboard Mouse And Monitor)?For me the point of the Mini would be that I'd like a capable stationary MacOS machine, but don't want a display permanently attached to it that I neither want or need nor have the room for (I already have 2 big monitors sitting on my desk). A "high-end" Mini would be perfect. Rating: 5 Votes DanGoh 13 hours ago at 11:30 am What we need is a $500 Mac Mini that comes with an SSD. Rating: 5 Votes adamjackson 13 hours ago at 11:30 am Macintosh Rumors on MacRumors?!?!? YES! Rating: 5 Votes Joe Rossignol 12 hours ago at 11:56 am Judging by that latest interview Apple might have finally realised they need to have more than one product to rely on. It would be awesome if they finally woke up, smelled the coffee (and blood) and decided to get Windows down to BlackBerry OS status where it belongs. This is almost certainly what happened. Apple is pivoting here. Nilay just confirmed to me that it was an Apple executive that confirmed their previous intentions to exit the standalone display business. That's obviously not the case anymore. The pro community has been very vocal about their concerns, and I'm sure the shielding issues with the LG UltraFine 5K display don't help either. Apple can do better here. (cc [USER=1034762]@truthertech[/USER]) Rating: 4 Votes gugy 13 hours ago at 11:11 am Man, a 8K display will be awesome. I hope the price is not like the current 8K Dell at $5k. The original 30" ACD was $2500. I hope is in that range or lower of course. Can't wait. Rating: 4 Votes WatchFromAfar 13 hours ago at 11:28 am Isn't the concept of a "high-end" Mac Mini missing the point of the device? It was always supposed to the the cheapest way into the Mac ecosystem (remember Steve Jobs saying "BYOKMAM", Bring Your Own Keyboard Mouse And Monitor)? Rating: 4 Votes Joe Rossignol 13 hours ago at 11:20 am False. The fraudulent tech media pronounced Apple's exit from the display business, because they discontinued an out-of-date product that they didn't want anyone purchasing. Their next entry in this space is simply not ready yet. "I can add that Apple told me it's out of standalone display biz." — Nilay Patel, The Verge https://twitter.com/reckless/status/792069952916197376 What kind of bandwidth would 8k at a decent frame rate require? Is Displayport 1.3 up to the task? Dell's 8K display has 2 x DisplayPort 1.4. Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New 'Clips' Video App 9 hours ago on Front Page Apple today released "Clips," a new app that's designed to make it easy to create short videos that can be easily shared via Messages and social networking apps like Facebook, Instagram,... 37 comments 'Constant Negativity' From Pro Users Led Apple to Develop Modular Mac Pro, Which May Not Ship Until 2019 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple executives this week made an unusual and surprising announcement, detailing the company's work on an entirely revamped high-end modular Mac Pro that's set to be released sometime after... 467 comments New iMacs With Up to Xeon E3 Processors, 64GB RAM, AMD Graphics, and Thunderbolt 3 Rumored for Late October 14 hours ago on Front Page Earlier this week, Apple made the rare move of pre-announcing that it is working on new pro-focused iMac models that will launch later this year. Apple did not share any specific details... 332 comments Nvidia Debuts New High-End Titan Xp Graphics Card With Mac Support 15 hours ago on Front Page Nvidia today announced the launch of its latest super high-end graphics card, introducing the new Nvidia Titan Xp. The Titan Xp, which Nvidia calls the world's post powerful graphics card,... 171 comments Microsoft Surface Beats iPad in Design, Productivity, and Accessory Use in New J.D. Power Study 16 hours ago on Front Page The Microsoft Surface has been ranked the highest in overall consumer satisfaction, and six points above Apple's iPad in second place, according to J.D. Power's 2017 U.S. Tablet Satisfaction... 304 comments Apple's New Social Video Creation App 'Clips' Now Available for iPhone and iPad [Updated] 16 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its social video creation app "Clips," announced last month, will be available on the App Store for iPhone and iPad around 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time today, as... 63 comments Apple Signs Two-Year Deal With Samsung For 92 Million OLED iPhone Panels 22 hours ago on Front Page Apple has reportedly signed a two-year contract with Samsung for the supply up to 92 million curved OLED panels, as it attempts to ramp up capacity for this year's release of its high-end... 146 comments Australian Consumer Regulator Sues Apple Over 'Error 53' iPhone Shutdowns 23 hours ago on Front Page The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) has filed a lawsuit against Apple alleging that it violated Australian consumer law when a software update it issued last year bricked some... 67 comments • 'YouTube TV' Streaming Service Launches in Five U.S. Cities (154) • Apple Says It Has No Plans for Solely ARM-Based or Touchscreen Macs (400) • Apple Not Worried About Apple Pay's Slow Adoption, Believes on Path to Replace Cash and Cards (206) • Apple Says Stock 8-Core Mac Pro Available to Resellers by End of April, Suggests Custom Configuring Until Then (76) • 'Apple Watch Series 3' Models Expected in Second Half of 2017 With September Launch Likely (146) • New Report Suggests Apple Could Delay 'iPhone 8' Launch to October or November (138) • iPhone 8 Predicted to Start at $850 to $900 for 64GB Model, $950 to $1,000 for 256GB Model (263)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Classic Reload - 'The Room' Award-Winning Solitaire Card Game 'Onirim' Is Out Now Mi-Clos Studio's 'Antioch: Scarlet Bay' Is Looking for Beta Testers 'Candy Crush' Maker King is Putting Together a Team to Create a New 'Call of Duty' Mobile Game 2D Multiplayer Shooter 'Mayhem' Now in Google Play Early Access 'Robot Unicorn Attack 3' Launching Worldwide Next Thursday YouTube Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! A New Mac Pro is Coming! Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.4 with Night Shift Find My AirPods! iOS 10.3 is Here! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
NEWS REVIEWS FEATURES WIN NEWSLETTER NEWS REVIEWS FEATURES WIN NEWSLETTER Search for: Smartphone Showdown: LG G6 vs Apple iPhone 7 Apple’s best phone to date… or LG’s bounce-back flagship? 06 April 2017 by Stuff Staff Apple has used the same core design for the last three mainline iPhone models, with last autumn’s iPhone 7 delivering the ultimate version to date. LG hasn’t followed quite the same approach. The LG G5 scrapped the G4’s more traditional design for one with modular, snap-on accessories, but while there were good ideas in the mix, it didn’t catch on – and the G5 wasn’t better than the top competition on either the Android or iOS side of things. Luckily, the LG G6 is a much stronger effort. Ditching the modular trend, the G6 is just a straight-up slab of wonderphone, with a big and bold (and extra-tall) screen, appealing design, and plenty of power within. The LG G6 is a strong contender against even the stunning Samsung Galaxy S8 that’s releasing soon, but how does it stack up compared to the iPhone 7? Here’s what we think. DESIGN: FRESH VS FAMILIAR The iPhone 7 implements some nice tweaks to the existing iPhone 6/6s design, whether it’s making the antenna likes less obvious, changing up the home button, or adding some appealing black colour options (and now red, too). But at a glance, it’s the very same phone that Apple has peddled for three editions now. At least water resistance is a great benefit this time around. On the other hand, LG has emerged from its modular phase with a really attractive and fresh-feeling device, highlighted by that screen-dominated front. Contrast that to the still-bezel-loaded iPhone design, which is fine but also pretty unexciting at this point. The LG G6 is heavy on glass and metal, plus it looks and feels super premium and plenty luxurious. The curvy Galaxy S8 can’t help but overshadow the G6 a bit, but this battle against the iPhone 7 is much more easily won. Winner: LG G6 SCREEN: NOT VERY CLOSE As Android flagships have embraced pixel-packed Quad HD displays over the last couple years, Apple has held tight to its lower-resolution screens. The iPhone 7 screen (4.7in) is still only a 750p panel, although the iPhone 7 Plus (5.5in) thankfully hits the 1080p benchmark, at least. That said, the iPhone 7 has a pretty clear little screen, and packed with colour and sharp contrast while delivering reliably strong brightness. LG takes this category handily, however. The 5.7in display sounds massive, but thanks to the minimal bezel, the phone doesn’t feel as large as it seems. It’s a super-sharp Quad HD display, like the G5’s was, but this time it uses a taller 18:9 aspect ratio. Why? Hard to say for sure: just something different and more eye-catching, we suppose. But at least LG has built-in modes that can re-render content to fit the screen without obvious stretching. Better yet, LG’s screen has HDR (high dynamic range) support – yes, on a smartphone. It’ll run both Dolby Vision and HDR10 content right in your hand, delivering the incredible contrast and stunning colours that HDR promises. Expect Netflix and other apps to start offering on-the-go HDR content soon via updates. Winner: LG G6 POWER: FANTASTIC FUSION Apple actually has a leg up in this category, at least when it comes to measurable computing power. The A10 Fusion chip introduced in the iPhone 7 was smashing benchmark tests left and right last autumn, blowing past anything else on the smartphone market at the time. You might think that LG could put up something more powerful after a few months now, but instead, the company is using the existing Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 seen in the Google Pixel and OnePlus 3T. It’s a super-fast processor, and the G6 has double the RAM to play with (4GB vs 2GB on the iPhone 7) – but if we’re talking raw power, Apple seems to have slightly more of it. In everyday use, however, there’s no night and day difference here. True, Android and iOS are different operating systems. Apple’s iOS 10 tends to feel fast and fluid with its own chips, while pure Android 7.0 Nougat on a top-tier phone is also plenty speedy. LG has a small amount of skinning seen on the G6, but it’s not extensive or overbearing here. In short, you’re sure to have more than enough power for all of your apps, games, media, and other daily purposes, no matter which of these devices you use. But since we’re dealing with specs here, we’ll give Apple the small nod. Winner: Apple iPhone 7 CAMERA: CAN’T MISS The iPhone 7’s single back camera isn’t quite as spectacular as the iPhone 7 Plus’ double array, but it’s still one of the top phone cameras for everyday snaps – as the iPhone has long been – especially with speedier focusing in the latest model. The 12-megapixel sensor typically grabs reliably clear shots, whether you plan to print them or post to Instagram. It’s a winner. The LG G6 is a strong challenger to both iPhones, however, and like the iPhone 7 Plus, it has two back cameras. Here they serve different purposes, though: one is a 71° standard lens and the other goes wide at 125° degrees. Last year’s G5 did something similar with widely disparate megapixel counts for each (16MP for the standard and 8MP for the wide angle), but now they’re evened out at 13 megapixels apiece – so you won’t sacrifice quality to fit more into the frame. In our review testing, the LG G6 impressed in both standard and wide angle shooting, and it’s quick to focus as well. You’ll get brilliant shots with ample lighting, although the lack of optical image stabilisation (found on the iPhone 7) means that low-light images suffer a bit. Both are among the best phone cameras you can chuck into your pocket today, but we’re not so strongly swayed towards either when everything is considered. You can’t go wrong here, so we’re calling it about even. Winner: Draw Perks: Mixed bag When it comes to hardware perks, the LG G6 scores a big win over the iPhone 7 with storage options. The G6 launches with 32GB of internal storage, but then you can pop in a microSD card with up to 2TB (once that size is available) of extra space to load it up. Meanwhile, the iPhone 7 is predictably limited to whatever amount of storage you pay for from the outset, whether it’s 32GB, 128GB or 256GB. Each higher level adds another £80 (or US$100) to the price tag. But that’s always been the case with iOS devices. And the LG G6 is £50 more out of the box than the iPhone 7, anyway. And there’s another big hardware perk for the LG G6: an actual headphone port. Yeah, we said it. Honestly, the iPhone’s obvious omission hasn’t been that big of a deal, but we’re still happy to see LG stick with the classic 3.5mm port. When it comes to battery life, the LG G6 packs a hearty 3,300mAh pack with fast charging available, while the iPhone 7 has just a 1,960mAh cell. Granted, the iPhone 7 surely uses much less battery power for its lower-resolution display, but there’s still a significant difference here. With steady, but not heavy daily usage, the iPhone 7 can typically last ’til evening – although if you start busting out the games or stream a lot of video, you’ll likely need an early top-off. And admittedly, the LG G6 didn’t go quite as long as we’d hoped, considering that large battery pack, although we’d call it a slightly stronger all-day performer. You probably won’t get a day and a half, however. We don’t need to dig into the great iOS vs Android debate again, and both mobile operating systems have their advantages and perks – but ultimately, both are super useful, loaded with features, and similar in a lot of ways. If it’s a big deal to you, then you’ve probably already made your decision in this particular battle. But when it comes to apps and games, it’s tough to argue with Apple’s advantage. The App Store not only gets more high-profile app and game releases, but it also often gets those bigger releases before Android. The Play Store certainly isn’t barren, and almost anything worth a damn on iOS will eventually hit Android – but not everything, and it can be a long wait. We’d give LG the hardware win here, but there’s something to be said for the iOS app and game ecosystem. Maybe this category is too wide-ranging, but ultimately, we see benefits on both ends. It’s a draw. Winner: Draw OVERALL: A FANTASTIC FIGHT When it’s all added up, it’s no surprise: the LG G6 landed very high on our list of the best smartphones in the world right now. It returns to strong, core fundamentals of flagship construction and ditches last year’s modular additions, and packs in a brilliant display, alluring design, plenty of power, and little obvious reason to complain. And it placed above the iPhone 7 on that list, when the dust finally settled on our latest update. These are pretty different handsets, to be fair. The iPhone 7, while Apple’s best edition of the standard model to date, feels like the company’s last gasp at revising (and reusing) a proven design before hopefully wowing us with something new. In that respect, it’s not all that exciting. It’s great in nearly every way, but also highly familiar throughout. The LG G6, while maybe not blisteringly innovative, at least has a lot more momentum and excitement, especially as a rebound from the LG G5 and also one of the first big flagships out of the gates in 2017. It doesn’t top the extra-premium iPhone 7 Plus in our book, but it’s close – and we’d say it’s the better pick right now when the standard iPhone 7 is being compared. Maybe wait for our Samsung Galaxy S8 review if you’re planning on buying a flagship phone this spring, however. Just to be safe. Winner: LG G6 Comments comments STUFF PICKS Features Smartphone Showdown: LG G6 vs Apple iPhone 7 Features App Watch: the best new iPhone and iPad games for April 2017 News Apple remembers the Mac Pro, promises a new one News Samsung Pay trials currently underway in UAE News The Honor 8 Pro has twin camera smarts for considerably less cash Follow us Facebook G Plus Twitter YouTube Subscribe to the Magazine
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Follow Slashdot stories on Twitter   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Win a free pass to OSCON 2017 in Austin, TX May 10-11 courtesy of SourceForge. Click here to enter. × 90275495 story Android Devices Can Be Fatally Hacked By Malicious Wi-Fi Networks (arstechnica.com) 142 Posted by BeauHD on Wednesday April 05, 2017 @11:30PM from the take-your-pick dept. An anonymous reader quotes a report from Ars Technica: A broad array of Android phones is vulnerable to attacks that use booby-trapped Wi-Fi signals to achieve full device takeover, a researcher has demonstrated. The vulnerability resides in a widely used Wi-Fi chipset manufactured by Broadcom and used in both iOS and Android devices. Apple patched the vulnerability with Monday's release of iOS 10.3.1. "An attacker within range may be able to execute arbitrary code on the Wi-Fi chip," Apple's accompanying advisory warned. In a highly detailed blog post published Tuesday, the Google Project Zero researcher who discovered the flaw said it allowed the execution of malicious code on a fully updated 6P "by Wi-Fi proximity alone, requiring no user interaction." Google is in the process of releasing an update in its April security bulletin. The fix is available only to a select number of device models, and even then it can take two weeks or more to be available as an over-the-air update to those who are eligible. Company representatives didn't respond to an e-mail seeking comment for this post. The proof-of-concept exploit developed by Project Zero researcher Gal Beniamini uses Wi-Fi frames that contain irregular values. The values, in turn, cause the firmware running on Broadcom's wireless system-on-chip to overflow its stack. By using the frames to target timers responsible for carrying out regularly occurring events such as performing scans for adjacent networks, Beniamini managed to overwrite specific regions of device memory with arbitrary shellcode. Beniamini's code does nothing more than write a benign value to a specific memory address. Attackers could obviously exploit the same series of flaws to surreptitiously execute malicious code on vulnerable devices within range of a rogue access point. android mobile privacy ← You may like to read: → Amazon Will Refund Millions of Unauthorized In-App Purchases Made By Kids Outsourced IT Workers Ask Sen Feinstein For Help, Get Form Letter in Return 'DNC Hacker' Unmasked: He Really Works for Russia, Researchers Say After Healthcare Defeat, Can The Trump Administration Fix America's H-1B Visa Program? 20,000 Worldclass University Lectures Made Illegal, So We Irrevocably Mirrored Them Many CEOs Believe Technology Will Make People Largely Irrelevant Submission: Android Devices Can Be Fatally Hacked By Malicious Wi-Fi Networks NASA's Cassini Spacecraft Begins Its Final Mission Before Plunging Into Saturn Android Devices Can Be Fatally Hacked By Malicious Wi-Fi Networks More | Reply Login Android Devices Can Be Fatally Hacked By Malicious Wi-Fi Networks Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 142 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Wonderful (Score:2) by JustAnotherOldGuy ( 4145623 ) writes: Now all you have to do is connect to wifi and these pricks can screw you. Thanks, Broadcom! Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Now all you have to do is connect to wifi and these pricks can screw you. Thanks, Broadcom! It's actually worse than that -- as long as you're in range of the malicious Wi-Fi network, you can be hacked. So, only way to avoid this? Turn off Wi-Fi completely unless you know you're patched. Actually iOS is safer, more likely to get patch (Score:3, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: ... but let's be honest here, as much as Apple fans love to tout that it's safer for viruses, that's certainly not the case ... Except 79% of iOS users have a patch available right now, 10.3.1. For extreme vulnerabilities such as this, in the past Apple also has updated "obsolete" versions of iOS. So if they provide a hypothetical 9.3.6 they could get coverage to 90%. In comparison the current version of Android has 2.8% overage, add the previous version and we have 34.1%, go back two "obsolete" versions and we have 66.6%, three "obsolete" versions back (KitKat 4.4) and we get to 87.4% coverage. In theory, in reality most of those o Re: Actually iOS is safer, more likely to get patc (Score:4) by Albanach ( 527650 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @04:21AM (#54183947) Homepage Google does offer a patch. Android is open source. Users need to vote with their wallets, refusing to buy from manufacturers who customize Android, usually to the customer's detriment, then fail to commit to monthly security updates. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: Actually iOS is safer, more likely to get patc (Score:5, Insightful) by RotateLeftByte ( 797477 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @05:42AM (#54184073) Some of Android is Open Source. Please get your facts right. There are many bits such as the cough-cough Broadcom drivers that are closed source. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: Broadcom drivers... It's almost like drivers and OSes are two different things. Re: (Score:2) by sound+vision ( 884283 ) writes: It's almost like you need both of them for a usable phone. Advantage Apple? (Score:2) by shanen ( 462549 ) writes: Hmm... Small world syndrome? Just now reading Dogfight about the smartphone competition between Apple and the google. Don't tell me how it ends, but I'm already feeling like the author is going to come out against Apple... However, I think that Apple has the big advantage in fixing security problems precisely because the consumers have so little freedom. I currently have three Android devices and have no idea which of them, if any are vulnerable. It would be worse if my two older phones hadn't died already Re: (Score:2) by DuckDodgers ( 541817 ) writes: One of the biggest reasons Android conquered mobile was the cheap price. If you wanted to get a $150 smart phone off-contract, you can't get an iPhone, period. Most of us in the tech industry or in comparatively wealthy neighborhoods are walking around with a $600 smart phone. But Android consumed the market because a McDonald's employee could walk into a Best Buy and get a $100 LG Android phone. So most people can't vote with their wallets. I don't know if this is reliable, but look at the one put to Re: (Score:2) by aurispector ( 530273 ) writes: The upside is that most cheap phones are only in service for a year or two at best. Unpatched flaws get thrown away with the phone. This kind of thing is uninteresting at this point. Flaws are found, patches are issued and the sun rises every morning. I'd like to see good statistics (which are likely impossible to collect) about the amount of real world harm caused by most of them. Far more damaging is people's own idiotic behavior. We have know about HIV floating around for decades yet people still have Re: (Score:2) by DuckDodgers ( 541817 ) writes: My suspicion is that it will do more harm as time goes on, even as Google tries to tighten the security. People order things from Amazon, shop on Ebay, and even do banking from their phone. Hacks are going to become more and more profitable. Re: (Score:1) by Ol Olsoc ( 1175323 ) writes: Google does offer a patch. Android is open source. Users need to vote with their wallets, refusing to buy from manufacturers who customize Android, usually to the customer's detriment, then fail to commit to monthly security updates. Because the Android fan base is more worried about cheap than security. Most don't believe that the phone has any security issues anyhow, so are happy to tout their KungPao 7 Android phone as something superior to the phones those asshole Apple hipsters use. Re: (Score:1) by Wulf2k ( 4703573 ) writes: It's worse than that. I actively avoid updates because my carrier uses them to install new, uninstallable crap that I don't want. And yes, I understand exactly what I'm doing when I don't accept them. I don't bank on my phone, so the worst an attacker could do is get into my social media accounts. My carrier is a bigger threat to me than this attack. Re: (Score:2) by Ol Olsoc ( 1175323 ) writes: It's worse than that. I actively avoid updates because my carrier uses them to install new, uninstallable crap that I don't want. And yes, I understand exactly what I'm doing when I don't accept them. I don't bank on my phone, so the worst an attacker could do is get into my social media accounts. My carrier is a bigger threat to me than this attack. Good points, and good move re the banking info. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Google does offer a patch. Right now my 2013 Google Nexus 5 is not offering a patch. A 2012 iPhone 5 has a patch. Re: (Score:2) by sound+vision ( 884283 ) writes: What manufacturer would you recommend? I've currently got a $25 no-name Android phone and it does what I need 95% of the time - the only things I feel I can't do on it are highly sensitive things like accessing my e-mail or bank account. I can usually wait to do that until I get back to the house/office, but occasionally it would be convenient to access them from my phone. Probably about once a month. I don't feel comfortable doing it unless I know my phone has been patched. I'm not willing to pay the Appl 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3) by DontBeAMoran ( 4843879 ) writes: Except 79% of iOS users have a patch available right now, 10.3.1. Is there really 79% of iOS users that have a device that can run iOS 10? Re: (Score:2) by perpenso ( 1613749 ) writes: Except 79% of iOS users have a patch available right now, 10.3.1. Is there really 79% of iOS users that have a device that can run iOS 10? An iPhone 5 and an iPad (4th gen) released in 2012 are iOS 10 compatible. Re: (Score:2) by skids ( 119237 ) writes: No, Apple iOS is just plain safer, I hate to say. Google's turned a blind eye to a lot of android security issues. For example, they are especially bad at enterprise where they can't prevent MITM hacks that expose SSO passwords, Which is why some companies have seaparate WiFi SSIDs where they only alow Windows, Linux (actual distros), OSX and iOS, but keep Android off on its own segment. There was a bug filed for that a decade ago, closed by some numnut, and only slowly has any progress been made towar Re: (Score:2) by demonlapin ( 527802 ) writes: Yep. I've debated switching to an iPhone for a while now. I don't really want to, because iOS frustrates the hell out of me on my iPad (you do it Steve's way, or you don't do it), and because Android has lots of nice little features that iOS doesn't. Simple example: you can make an Android phone act like a USB storage device. Handy, that. Android lets you rename Bluetooth devices, too. My hospital bought a bunch of Bluetooth systems to play music in the operating rooms. They bought the same system for every Google Nexus 5 Android 6 -- no patch. (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: It seems to me that one is safer with iOS, you are more likely to get a patch. Alternative explanation, people who buy Apple simply do not hold on to their phones for as long as people who buy Android. I'd be curious to know the spread of hardware iterations (iPhone 7, 6, 5, etc) that encompass your numbers. Does that 79% consist of nothing but the latest version? The patch, 10.3.1, is available for all iPhone 5, 6 and 7. All 10.x users, 79%, can get the patch. Does that 90% also consist of nothing but the latest version (because some people didn't want to update)? To be clear, that 95% (90% was a typo) includes all 9.x and 10.x users and there is no patch for 9.x yet. Note I referred to a hypothetical 9.3.6 patch, as I referred to hypothetical Android 6, 5 and 4.4 patches. The point was showing how far back, three "obsolete" version for Google versus one for Apple that there needed to be to get "comparable" coverage for users. Now consider the patching situation for the 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re:Wonderful (Score:5, Insightful) by Ol Olsoc ( 1175323 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @10:15AM (#54184981) You're still connected to a cell network. It's vulnerability, but let's be honest here, as much as Apple fans love to tout that it's safer for viruses, that's certainly not the case. So If I'm getting you straight, this is an Apple problem, not an Android problem. Apple patched, it, Most Android devices won't/can't. It takes a special level of denial to try to do what you tried to do.Do go on though. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Wonderful (Score:5, Insightful) by piojo ( 995934 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @01:57AM (#54183663) So, only way to avoid this? Turn off Wi-Fi completely unless you know you're patched. Don't forget to turn off wifi+location services integration. Recent versions of Android push you to scan for wifi networks for location services, even when wifi is disabled. So you'll lose location accuracy, in addition to losing wifi. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Wonderful (Score:5, Informative) by monkeyzoo ( 3985097 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @06:22AM (#54184129) It's not actually as bad as all that luckily. From the blog post, the attack can only be performed by another peer on the same wifi network. So at least if you are on a secure, private network, you are safe. Lastly, as we’ll see later on, triggering these two vulnerabilities can be done by any peer on the Wi-Fi network, without requiring any action on the part of the device being attacked (and with no indication that such an attack is taking place). Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: And this is why companies such as Broadcom, Cisco, Qualcomm, Intel, Marvel, (name your favorite chip vendors here) ... who wish to make gazillions on supplying what is increasingly *critical infrastructure*, not just 'fun stuff', need to be compelled via legislation and trade treaties to make their firmware stacks available for audits on a continuing basis by security professionals and subject to binding actions based upon those audits to fix issues as they are found. Fine, they don't have to open-source it Re:Wonderful (Score:5, Interesting) by Anonymous Brave Guy ( 457657 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @01:32AM (#54183581) This sort of argument gets made every time there is a breach in any proprietary system, but where exactly are you going to find these "security professionals" to carry out detailed audits on entire firmware systems every time someone released a new product? Who's going to pay their bill? What good is a fix from a SoC manufacturer if the suppliers of devices incorporating those SoCs or the networks reselling them don't then supply an OTA update in a timely and secure fashion? The idea that enough eyes make all bugs shallow might be one of the most dangerous fallacies in computing today, but even if it were true, it would still only be the first step to fixing a problem like this. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by locofungus ( 179280 ) writes: but where exactly are you going to find these "security professionals" to carry out detailed audits on entire firmware systems every time someone released a new product? I'm not the OP you're responding to but I would assume the idea was that the chipset manufacturers have to pay for it. It would make sense for a law to say something like - unless your customers can[1] do the work themselves (i.e. have access to the source code, chipset documentation and build tools) then the company is responsible for doing Re: (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: I'm not the OP you're responding to but I would assume the idea was that the chipset manufacturers have to pay for it. Ah yes, the old argument that manufacturers should pay more from their magical money trees. The only person that pays for anything is the end consumer, and they've long since proven that they are not willing to pay for any level of security. The only thing that will get them to pay more than the cheapest price is shininess and peer pressure (which is related to the in-vogue definition of shininess). Re: (Score:1) by fustakrakich ( 1673220 ) writes: The only person that pays for anything is the end consumer In that case let's relieve them of their copyrights and patents on the device so that somebody can fix it without being sued. Re: (Score:2) by mean pun ( 717227 ) writes: The only thing that will get them to pay more than the cheapest price is shininess and peer pressure (which is related to the in-vogue definition of shininess). I don't know about your country, but in civilised countries we make sure you don't die from eating unhygienic sausages, for example, by making it illegal to sell them, so even consumers that just go for the lowest price are at least somewhat protected. Does this raise prices? Perhaps a bit, but considering the alternative I think this is irrelevant. Requiring some regulations for the `hygiene' of network hardware makes sense to me, at least as something that is worth considering. Re: (Score:2) by Anonymous Brave Guy ( 457657 ) writes: The trouble is, we don't know how to make bug-free, perfectly secure software and hardware yet. Requiring the SoC manufacturers to meet a practically impossible standard isn't going to put prices up "a bit", it's going to increase them dramatically, and it's still not going to solve the problem, it's just going to make the luckier insurance companies underwriting those manufacturers a bit richer. If the idea of better regulation is going to go anywhere useful, it has to push manufacturers and those along the Re: (Score:3) by gsslay ( 807818 ) writes: So you're asking for the security of devices to be validated by people who are "just curious" and as a "hobby"? I think I'd prefer a full-time professional who has their livelihood at stake in doing a good job, and the time and resources to do it. BTW, nice air quotes. They have a nice bias shine to them. They're quotes. As in; quoting the exact words of the post you are replying to. Re: (Score:2) by Bob the Super Hamste ( 1152367 ) writes: I think I'd prefer a full-time professional who has their livelihood at stake in doing a good job, and the time and resources to do it. While I would like that it sure seems that isn't being done now in any meaningful way. the problem is that costs money that companies could better spend on executive compensation packages, more advertising, and implementation of consumer data gathering technology. Even then the company would need to spend money on fixing any issues the find internally for it to be effective and again there are other priorities. So in absence of that I would settle for the hobby and just curious to do it. Even then my phone 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by ls671 ( 1122017 ) writes: to make their firmware stacks available for audits on a continuing basis by security professionals and subject to binding actions based upon those audits to fix issues as they are found. Well, if this works as well as OpenSSL, at least we could say it is a starting point I guess... Re: (Score:2) by Ol Olsoc ( 1175323 ) writes: Now all you have to do is connect to wifi and these pricks can screw you. Thanks, Broadcom! Slashdotters don't care as long as their hacked phone has a headphone jack. Re: (Score:2) by gweihir ( 88907 ) writes: Ah, Broadcom. The fuckups of the chip-world. The same morons that deliver the truly bad chip on the Raspberry Pi, with bad USB, no sound, no Ethernet and nobody knows whether the I/O is 5V tolerant or not. Re: (Score:2) by ls671 ( 1122017 ) writes: It depends how well know your connection method is. Security by obscurity sometimes work. This is why I use tin can and piano string connectivity to get enhanced security and make my devices harder to connect to: https://arstechnica.com/civis/... [arstechnica.com] Re: (Score:2) by crashumbc ( 1221174 ) writes: no encryption? *gets hook and string* hacks ls671 :P Windows mobile (Score:3, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Wednesday April 05, 2017 @11:50PM (#54183381) Is it time we ask ourselves if the industry would be in a better place if Windows had won in mobile? Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: Windows mobile (Score:3, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: The flaw is in the Wi-Fi controller, not the OS. That's why this hit both iOS and Android. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: In a well-designed system, a flaw in the Wi-Fi controller should not have such critical consequences. Therefore, Tanenbaum was right and Torvalds was wrong. Hopefully, when HURD makes a release, everything will get sorted out. Re: (Score:2) by RotateLeftByte ( 797477 ) writes: HURD? A formal release? I guess that will be around 2050 then....? Re: (Score:1) by fustakrakich ( 1673220 ) writes: No, the OS is at fault. It should be able to protect itself. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:1) by ArmoredDragon ( 3450605 ) writes: Considering this is a broadcom problem, I don't see what difference it makes in this regard. However in overall security, I somewhat doubt it: http://www.computerworld.com/a... [computerworld.com] Keep in mind, Windows had a super tiny mobile market share even at the time, and still manages to be responsible for 80% of malware on mobile networks. And yes, windows phone isn't immune, nor are Microsoft's lofty promises about how awesomely secure Edge is: http://www.tomshardware.com/ne... [tomshardware.com] Re: (Score:3) by blackpaw ( 240313 ) writes: Considering this is a broadcom problem, I don't see what difference it makes in this regard. However in overall security, I somewhat doubt it: http://www.computerworld.com/a... [computerworld.com] Keep in mind, Windows had a super tiny mobile market share even at the time, and still manages to be responsible for 80% of malware on mobile networks. Bogus clickbait article that is plain wrong. Its counting *Windows PC's* that are connected via mobile data as mobile phones, given the dominance of them in the desktop market and that most virus are targeted at desktop of course they dominate stats. Given the tiny % of Windows Mobile phones it is obviously quite ridiculous to claim they account for 80% of malware. I'm not aware of any real windows mobile malware. The vast majority of mobile malware is Android, because of its market dominance, pathetic securi Re: (Score:2) by ArmoredDragon ( 3450605 ) writes: Bogus clickbait article that is plain wrong. Its counting *Windows PC's* that are connected via mobile data as mobile phones, given the dominance of them in the desktop market and that most virus are targeted at desktop of course they dominate stats. No shit, dumbass. Read what I wrote: "80% of malware on mobile networks" Given the tiny % of Windows Mobile phones it is obviously quite ridiculous to claim they account for 80% of malware. I'm not aware of any real windows mobile malware. The vast majority of mobile malware is Android, because of its market dominance, pathetic security model and total lack of security updates. Honestly, you're buying propaganda from the antivirus industry, which is panicking right now because the desktop market is shrinking along with its consume revenue, and nobody is buying their crap where all of the consumer money is going: Android. So what do they do? Sell you a non-existent problem. The fact is, 80% of malware on mobile networks is from Windows, of any variety. Let that sink in: Few Windows devices are on Mobile networks Re: (Score:2) by gweihir ( 88907 ) writes: Well, there are levels in Hell. Android with Broadcom hardware is somewhere in the middle, is my guess, i.e. "truly bad". For Windows Mobile, they would probably have to add a sub-basement to Hell though. proximity alone (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: neither of you read this, did you? "... by Wi-Fi proximity alone, requiring no user interaction." Blog post (Score:5, Interesting) by 93 Escort Wagon ( 326346 ) writes: on Wednesday April 05, 2017 @11:54PM (#54183399) That was one well-written blog post! Informative, detailed, yet easy to read... and bloody long. I got a kick out of the fact that this incredibly long blog post is titled "Part 1". Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by bill_mcgonigle ( 4333 ) * writes: I see from the author's blurb that he has significant professional experience. s/blogger/reporter/ It's too bad Broadcomm doesn't seem to. On a 90-day disclosure it looks like they acknowledged the bug with two weeks left to go, asked for an extension, and now it'll be four months before typical users get patches for an exploit that is going to be stealing banking passwords in train stations next Monday (or more interesting data on the BART or DC Metro). Apple is making a strong case for using its products it's a really good thing (Score:2, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: that the carriers (who sell the majority of the affected phones) are totally on top of the latest security fixes and always push them out to their customers right away. Re: (Score:2) by Megane ( 129182 ) writes: How many Android users have ever had a patch available for their device? I have two Android devices (a random cheap tablet I got at Fry's that I don't use, and a cheap smartphone), and they have never had OS updates available. The tablet is stuck on 4.1 (or is it 4.11?), which had some serious vulnerabilities on its own. (heartbleed?) The phone, which I bought less than a year and a half ago, is on 4.4.2. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by piojo ( 995934 ) writes: factory reset the phone, update to and then restore settings. Best way to avoid bricking or bootloop. I thought LG phones normally bricked/bootlooped because of poorly manufactured hardware, not settings. At least, that's why mine self-destructed. Re: (Score:2) by fisted ( 2295862 ) writes: You won't desolder shit before it's around 200-300 degC. Re: (Score:2) by fisted ( 2295862 ) writes: Repeating this several times can cause small failures in the connections ...that have poor solder joints, as AC pointed out. Decent solder joints are strong enough to withstand those thermal cycles. Please try contributing anything worthwhile to the conversation. Or, even better, just shut the hell up. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Binary blobbism (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Thanks, Broadcomm, and other binary-blob firmware peddlers, for royally fucking up and not giving a damn. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. This is why BLOBs are a bad idea (Score:3, Insightful) by Bruce Perens ( 3872 ) writes: <bruce@perens.com> on Thursday April 06, 2017 @01:26AM (#54183565) Homepage Journal Many driver manufacturers insist on providing BLOBs (binary loadable object files) for drivers to load into their devices, or they have the firmware stored in their devices. What we can't see probably has security errors that we can't fix, but as this shows, the bad guys can find them. Your system already has backdoors like this. In drivers that load BLOBs and devices that run proprietary firmware, and in the Intel Management Engine. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by piojo ( 995934 ) writes: If they don't use BLOBs, wouldn't that just mean the vulnerabilities are baked into silicon? I thought BLOBs were just a way of abstracting logic from hardware to software. Is the problem that a BLOB is actually being overwritten in a way that isn't possible for logic baked into hardware? Re: (Score:3) by Bruce Perens ( 3872 ) writes: Before you call other folks rude names, read up on gate arrays and the other devices that you are likely to find in dedicated hardware these days. Although these devices are not exactly CPUs, they are programmed, and have source code in a language like verilog. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re:This is why BLOBs are a bad idea (Score:4, Informative) by Bruce Perens ( 3872 ) writes: <bruce@perens.com> on Thursday April 06, 2017 @02:56AM (#54183801) Homepage Journal If they don't use BLOBs, wouldn't that just mean the vulnerabilities are baked into silicon? Your device generally includes some sort of CPU, which is usually programmed in C. It might also include a gate-array program, which is written in verilog or VHDL. Backdoors and bugs live in both of these things. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 2 replies beneath your current threshold. The reaction from the Android manufacturers and ca (Score:4, Informative) by cyber-vandal ( 148830 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @01:52AM (#54183647) Homepage We've got your money now fuck off. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate A common ARM platform (akin to the x86 platform) (Score:2) by Artem Tashkinov ( 764309 ) writes: We must have it or we're fucked. I've been telling this [altervista.org] to Google for years, but they don't seem to be interested. As a result we have literally hundreds of millions of Android devices with dozens of remote vulnerabilities, the devices which aren't supported and cannot be upgraded to anything else. And it's getting worse day by day. Wireless Worm (Score:5, Insightful) by mentil ( 1748130 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @03:20AM (#54183859) I recall years ago, reading about a study which found that unpatched Win XP systems would get pwned in an average of ~5 seconds, once connected to the internet. This was due to old, long-since-patched worms like Blaster and Sasser, that still lived on in unpatchable systems. I imagine in the near future there will be a worm where every pwned device activates its wifi (even if the official wifi setting is set to 'off') and attacks every nearby device. EOL phones will be permanently vulnerable (how many iphones use this Broadcom chip yet are ineligible for iOS 10.3.1?), just like those permanently unpatched WinXP systems. It's an even worse situation on Android devices that are supported for a few months on average. Ironically people will have to enable wifi in order to download the firmware update to patch this bug, if their OS only allows OS updates via wifi. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: As usual though, the risk is blown way out of proportion. For example, the XP issue was trivial to mitigate - just turn on the built in firewall. A lot of people seem to think that the firewall was introduced with Service Pack 2, but actually all that changes what that it was enabled by default. This vulnerability affects the processor inside the wifi chip. The proof of concept writes data into its memory. This is a separate subsystem to the main phone CPU, with its own RAM and address space. So to use it to Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: I recall years ago, reading about a study which found that unpatched Win XP systems would get pwned in an average of ~5 seconds, once connected to the internet. Yeah, don't do that. A firewall solves that problem, unless you've got owned devices on your network. Even then, give it its own VLAN etc. Can attack from any WiFi device, not just APs (Score:3) by Xanni ( 29201 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @05:52AM (#54184093) Homepage The attack doesn't require a rogue access point, as it uses a Peer-to-Peer (Ad-Hoc) WiFi protocol. Vulnerable WiFi chipsets can be attacked by any other WiFi device in range. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Can attack from any WiFi device, not just APs (Score:4, Informative) by monkeyzoo ( 3985097 ) writes: on Thursday April 06, 2017 @06:20AM (#54184125) Not exactly. From the blog post, you can see that the attack can only be performed by another peer on the same wifi network. So at least if you are on a secure, private network, you are safe. Lastly, as we’ll see later on, triggering these two vulnerabilities can be done by any peer on the Wi-Fi network, without requiring any action on the part of the device being attacked (and with no indication that such an attack is taking place). Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Raspberry Pi / closed source Broadcom (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: I wonder if all these fancy new Raspberry Pi's with closed source Broadcom chips are affected? Hooray for Lineage OS (Score:3) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: <martin.espinoza@gmail.com> on Thursday April 06, 2017 @10:22AM (#54185037) Homepage Journal CM died and begat Lineage OS. And now I'm getting ~weekly updates for my Moto G 2nd, which has of course been left behind by Motorola. OSS FTW Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by viperidaenz ( 2515578 ) writes: Does Lineage OS still give you the Moto X gesture features? Like shake for flashlight, twist for camera, turn on screen when hand approaches? It was my understanding these are controlled by a secondary processor and the Moto app. Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Does Lineage OS still give you the Moto X gesture features? I don't have a Moto X, so elefino. .. and this is why (Score:2) by nightfire-unique ( 253895 ) writes: Things like SElinux, SafetyNet, and (factory-only) locked bootloaders are pointless complexity. These devices are complicated and security is a process - constant vigilence. It's not a firewall, or a set of complicated access controls. It's education, updates, and constant testing. Simple rules are easy to understand, and 40 years of experience has shown that it's the best way to make secure code. Hey Lenovo (Score:2) by viperidaenz ( 2515578 ) writes: Are you going to release this security patch? My 2nd gen Moto X is still on the August patch level. Re: So let me get this straight... (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Because all Apple hardware that's less than six years old is already in the process of being patched. Re: (Score:2) by viperidaenz ( 2515578 ) writes: The summary says Apple use these chips. It also says they've been patched with iOS 10.3.1 6 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 813 commentsOutsourced IT Workers Ask Sen Feinstein For Help, Get Form Letter in Return 704 comments'DNC Hacker' Unmasked: He Really Works for Russia, Researchers Say 563 commentsAfter Healthcare Defeat, Can The Trump Administration Fix America's H-1B Visa Program? 555 comments20,000 Worldclass University Lectures Made Illegal, So We Irrevocably Mirrored Them 541 commentsMany CEOs Believe Technology Will Make People Largely Irrelevant next NASA's Cassini Spacecraft Begins Its Final Mission Before Plunging Into Saturn 82 comments previous Amazon Will Refund Millions of Unauthorized In-App Purchases Made By Kids 48 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 142 loaded Submit Story TRANSACTION CANCELLED - FARECARD RETURNED FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Yesterday AAPL: 143.66 -0.36 Potential specs for new pro iMac surface, 8K display & taller Mac mini rumored Zac Hall - Apr. 6th 2017 10:46 am PT @apollozac Mac iMac Mac mini View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Earlier this week Apple promised that new iMacs with pro configurations will be available by the end of the year ahead of its modular Mac Pro debut. While Apple didn’t share exactly what we might see in these new iMacs, one source believes it may have an idea about what to expect including other new hardware. Sony A6500 Pike’s Universum (via MacRumors) cites a “usually pretty accurate” source in sharing what the new iMacs could offer: Good news folks. I am told, by a little bird, that the next iMac (to be released in late October) will be available with (up to) Intel E3-1285 v6 processor with 16 GB (upgradable to 32 or 64 GB) ECC memory. Faster NVMe SSD’s possibly up to 2 TB and AMD graphics to support VR and Pro apps. Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C gen 2 with… tada… a brand new keyboard. AMD graphics have previously been rumored along with the jump to Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C which would be expected. Could that new keyboard somehow offer Touch Bar features? The source also claims Apple’s promised Apple branded pro displays will feature 8K resolution compared to today’s LG 5K resolution display: Apple is also working on a 8K display for the next generation of Mac Pro’s, which by the way will be much more like a PC with the next generation EFI BIOS. And for the Mac mini, which Apple briefly acknowledged this week, there’s this teaser: The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore. Well. The top model that is. If you missed the news at the start of the week, Apple made the current Mac Pro hardware better spec’d for the price and promised a new modular design will be available in the future. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Mac View THe Guide iMac View THe Guide Mac mini View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Yesterday AAPL: 143.66 -0.36 Microsoft edges out Apple for top spot in J.D Power tablet survey Michael Potuck - Apr. 6th 2017 10:48 am PT @michaelpotuck iPad View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit New research from J.D. Power released today shares that for the first time Microsoft has beat out Apple and Samsung for the highest overall tablet satisfaction for 2017. Key findings from the study also line up with Apple’s latest marketing and pricing strategies for iPad. AirPods On a 1,000 point scale Microsoft’s tablets took first place with a score of 855. Apple followed in second place with 849 and Samsung came in third with 847. J.D. Power VP Jeff Conklin shared that the versatility of Microsoft’s Surface platform is a big part of its success. “The Microsoft Surface platform has expanded what tablets can do, and it sets the bar for customer satisfaction,” said Jeff Conklin, vice president of service industries at J.D. Power. “These tablet devices are just as capable as many laptops, yet they can still function as standard tablets. This versatility is central to their appeal and success.” It’s not surprising that Apple has been taking note of the Surface’s success and focused its latest iPad marketing campaign around versatility and its ability to replace PC’s. However, Microsoft received top scores in some other unexpected categories… In features, Microsoft is the highest performer in three areas: variety of pre-loaded applications; internet connectivity; and availability of manufacturer-supported accessories. Microsoft Surface users have the highest incidences of accessory use, which underscores the device’s versatility. These accessories include a stylus (48% vs. 27% industry average); physical keyboard (51% vs. 14%); and mouse (27% vs. 6%), all of which have higher satisfaction. Microsoft also achieves the highest ratings in these features attributes: variety of input/output connectivity and amount of internal storage available. Additionally, Microsoft has the highest performance in three styling & design attributes: size of tablet; quality of materials used; and attractiveness of tablet design. Microsoft continues to achieve the highest rating in the remaining styling & design attribute of location of non-display buttons/controls. While Apple of course offers its Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard as unique features the iPad Pro, Apple’s options are pricier than Microsoft’s Surface accessories. What is more surprising though, is that Microsoft had the highest scores with the styling and design attributes, providing some proof that company can compete in the realm that Apple usually dominates. One other interesting finding was that Microsoft had a younger average age for its tablet users than competitors. Apple seems to be aware of the importance of this as well, as its newest iPad ads feature mostly young adults. J.D. Power also found that price and past experience were the most influential factors when choosing a tablet, once again something that Apple addressed last month with its new 9.7-inch iPad at $329. Lower price and past experience are the most commonly cited reasons for tablet selection among customers (22% each). Although it seems that Apple’s iPad performance has been declining for the last several years, new data suggests that when iPad mini sales are removed there has actually been some iPad growth. Time will tell if Apple’s latest marketing and new low-price entry model will brighten iPads future. Michael Potuck @michaelpotuck Michael is an editor for 9to5Mac and 9to5Google. You’ll find his articles most often on 9to5Mac where he writes the weekly ‘Become Tech Savvy’ series and also covers news, reviews, and how- to’s. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro Timbuk2 Messenger Bag Logitech MX Master Wireless Mouse Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     New Apple Watch tipped to arrive this year as interest falls Listen | Print By James Walker     13 hours ago in Technology Apple will unveil its third generation Apple Watch later this year, according to a report this week. The company will launch the Apple Watch Series 3 with new hardware for better performance. However, there are questions over whether it will appeal. Apple is intending to start shipping the Apple Watch Series 3 in the second half of 2017, Digitimes reported yesterday. Compal Electronics has entered the supply chain to help build the new device. It won't actually manufacture the Series 3 though, instead over taking responsibility for Series 2 production from current builder Quanta Computer. This implies Apple will continue to build and sell the Series 2 alongside the new model, as it currently does with the Series 1 and 2. The dual-cycle approach positions the wearable uniquely in Apple's product portfolio, enabling consumers to purchase an older model at a slight discount if the new features don't appeal. There's not a lot known about the Apple Watch Series 3 but a few details are beginning to leak out. Apple is expected to add a substantially faster processor and larger battery to improve on the Watch's weakest areas. The company is also tipped to add cellular connectivity, turning the Watch into a standalone device that lets you leave your phone at home. The Apple Watch currently accounts for over half of the wearables market. Apple has had more success convincing smartphone owners to try a smartwatch than its rivals. However, growth is slowing and analysts expect the company won't be able to continue the momentum this year. A survey released by marketing platform Fluent this week revealed that interest in the Watch has stagnated and demand for a new model is low. Only 49% of current U.S. owners said they're planning to upgrade their device in the next year, down from 62% last year. Just 15% of iPhone users who don't already have a Watch intend to purchase one in the coming twelve months. The figures are indicative of the problems facing the smartwatch industry. It's not just Apple that's feeling the pressure as the company's major ecosystem rival, Android Wear, is also struggling to attract attention. Motorola, maker of one of the most popular Wear devices, has cancelled plans to launch a new smartwatch in 2017 due to low demand. This is despite the launch of the all-new Android Wear 2.0 platform earlier this year. The Apple Watch Series 3 will launch into a troubled market that shows no signs of rejuvenation in the near future. Smartwatches have failed to have the transformative impact that phones did a decade ago. Apple is continuing to launch new band styles for the Watch each season, aiming to sustain interest in the wearable. With the next version still months away and demand flagging, the company could find it hard to ship new devices though. This will be especially true if the core design is left unchanged, a recurring characteristic in Series 3 rumours. More about Apple, apple watch, apple watch 3, smartwatches, wearables   Apple apple watch apple watch 3 smartwatches wearables Devices Latest News Top News Op-Ed: Changing the question on covefage of the Syrian attack Afghan martial arts bout reveals a nation divided Review: Chrissie Hynde and The Pretenders rock the new Nassau Coliseum Special New Apple Watch tipped to arrive this year as interest falls Review: John Mayer phenomenal at Madison Square Garden in New York Special US launches missile strike on Syria airbase U.S. strikes Assad airfield in response to chemical attack North and South Korea face off on Pyongyang football field 278 bodies —many children — pulled from U.S. Mosul strike site A red line already crossed in Syria Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Yesterday GOOG: 827.88 -3.53 9to5Toys Lunch Break: 13″ MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar $1,550, UPS Surge Protector $65, Yamaha A/V Receiver $400, more Stephen Hall - Apr. 6th 2017 10:32 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Apple 13-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar now $1,550 shipped CyberPower 850VA UPS + 4-outlet Surge Protector bundled for $65 today only Yamaha 7.2-Ch. 4K A/V Receiver w/ AirPlay for $400 (all-time low) Review: Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack pulls double duty for Apple Watch and iPhone Review: Decks by FluidStance bring motion and fun to standing desks and more 9to5Rewards: Fabriq Wireless Speaker w/ AirPlay and Alexa [Giveaway] Most Fashionable Watches and Smart Watches of 2017 MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: DJI Drone Deals from $349: cert. refurb Phantom 4 $730 and more! TiVo Roamio OTA 500GB DVR (refurb) w/ Lifetime Service for $250 Newegg’s 24-hour sale: Klipsch Over-Ear Bluetooth Headphones for $200, more Mpow Bluetooth Headphones $19.50, more Daily Deals: Urban Armor Case for MacBook Pro $40, more Samsung’s MU Series Ultra HDTVs bring affordability and sleek designs With Polar’s new M430 iOS compatible sports watch, you’ll run smarter ViewSonic’s 1080p Home Theater Projector w/ 3 HDMI inputs is down to $599 Western Digital announces My Passport external SSD with USB-C connection Xbox Scorpio console specs unveiled with native 4K and more Games/Apps: For Honor $40, PS4 1TB LE w/ 2 games $450, iOS freebies, more Save up to 40% off select Crayola items today only at Amazon Werner 8-ft. Fiberglass Step Ladder is yours for $70 (Reg. $121) Cuisinart Smart Stick Hand Blender $26.50 Prime shipped (best-seller) Learn to Code with 12 Courses and 120+ Hours of Instruction for $65 Anker’s new PowerLine II Dura Lightning Cables get a nice discount, from $8 Trine 1, 2 & 3 for Mac now on sale from $2 each (Reg. up to $15) Toca Life School children’s iOS app free for first time this year App Store Free App of the Week: Blyss iOS puzzler goes free for very first time Find new music on iOS for free with Discovr (Reg. $3) Night Sky 4 for iOS now available for free (Reg. $1+) NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Clarity is a touchscreen Smart Speaker that combines Google Now and Alexa The Sunrise Smart Pillow aspires to make every morning better Lego introduces 16 new minifigures with Collectible Series 17 Sony G-Series SSDs for 4K video hit store shelves next month Dishonored 2’s first three missions for free on PS4, Xbox One, PC Bring pixel art to life with PIXIO magnetic construction sets Bang & Olufsen’s BeoSound Shape AirPlay and Chromecast speakers are almost here Dbells’s HD Live is the “smartest Video Doorbell and Security Cam available” How to control multiple MIDI parameters at once using the new Goliath ASUS debuts new high-end gaming monitors with stunning designs PicoBrew Model C hits Kickstarter with an eye on affordable at-home brewing JVC releases new Bluetooth in-ear and sport headphones Kudrone is your affordable 4K Smart Nano Drone Lyra is an intelligent commuter bike with smart lighting and GPS Mafia 3’s first act now available for free on PS4/Xbox One + new DLC Satechi’s USB-C Travel Charger keeps all of your devices powered up on-the-go Chris is your digital co-driver that works with iOS and Android Stanley enters the competitive 3D Printer market w/ new prosumer model Put yourself into games and feel the action with the new Hardlight VR suit MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Roku Ultra 4K HDR Streaming Media Player as low as $80 (Reg. $120+) Powerbeats3 Wireless Headphones in all colors from $150 VIZIO’s SmartCast 55-inch 4K HDR UHDTV is down to $600 shipped LG’s new 49-inch 4K HDR Smart Ultra HDTV $579 (Reg. $799) Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services Anker iPhone 7/Plus Cases from $2 RTIC Stainless Steel 64oz Bottle for $17 shipped Novation Launchkey Mini 20% off KMASHI 10000mAh Dual USB Power Bank $9 Amazon’s buy 2 get 1 free board games LifeStraw Personal Water Filter $12.50 Fandango: hundreds of $5 movies Atlantic magazine for just $4.25/yr UPS My Choice Premium 1-Yr. Membership just $10 Inflatable Kayak Set for $65 shipped One Hundred Eggs Kindle eBook free (Reg. $13) Target takes up to 25% off select Star Wars gear Download TV show pilot episodes for free: Legion, Westworld, more Levi’s Mid-Season Event takes an extra 25% off popular sale styles Green Deals: 4-pack 5/6-inch Recessed LED Lights $38, more Fiskars Axe, Wood Splitter, Lopper and more from $17 Prime shipped TP-LINK 802.11ac Wi-Fi Extender drops to $19.50 Orbi’s Home Wi-Fi System with the Echo Dot for $330 iTunes $1 HD Movie Renta: Deepwater Horizon (Reg. $6) Select Lego City sets: Buy One Get One 40% starting at $6 Best Fashion Finds at Amazon for April 2017 Green Deals: Sun Joe 14-inch 12A Electric Lawn Mower $79 Graco SnugRide Infant Click Connect Car Seat $68 Smartphone Accessories: Aukey 16000mAh Power Bank $23 Dunkin Donuts $25 Gift Card for $20 w/ email delivery Lowepro Camera Bags from Adorama starting at just $10 Brooks Brothers offers up to 70% off clearance  Amazon’s Android Event discounts popular devices Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple Clips now available to download Chris Davies - Apr 6, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple Clips has hit the App Store, with the new social video editing app a free download for those with an iPhone or iPad. Announced back in March, Clips joins iMovie for iOS rather than replacing it, as a second way to edit videos on the go. In fact, the two are very different animals: whereas iMovie is, like its desktop counterpart, focused on time-based edits, Apple Clips is more freeform in its approach. Clips starts either by shooting a new video within the app, or accessing existing photos and videos already saved in your camera roll. From there, it’s possible to adjust their length and reorder them. They can have audio, or be muted; pinch-zoom can be used to add pans and zoom animations to both video and still images. However it’s Clips’ filters and Live Titles that really set the app apart. On the filter front, there are a variety of styles across color and black & white themes, together with more eye-catching things like comic book style. Animated speech bubbles, banners, arrows, and emoji are supported. Whereas iMovie uses titles, Clips gets full-screen posters complete with animated backgrounds and customizable text. Live Titles, meanwhile, create titles and captions by voice dictation. Not only will Clips use speech-to-text, it’ll time their appearance to the pacing of your dictation. Various different styles for the Live Titles are offered, and can be switched mid-video; by tapping them, they can be edited manually, or have things like emojis pasted in. Finally, Clips has a library of soundtracks that can be added, which automatically adjusts to suit the length of the overall video. Alternatively, music can be pulled in from your own library. Of course, you may then run into copyright issues if you subsequently share the videos in public, such as on YouTube. That sharing is something Apple is particularly keen on. While Clips isn’t a social network in its own right, it does have easy ways to distribute footage created with the app to places like YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, and more. Alternatively, it’ll suggest people you might want to show your creation to over Messages, using facial recognition and past sharing behaviors to identify the most appropriate contact. Apple Clips is out now in the App Store as a free download. It’ll work with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch, though you’ll need to be running iOS 10.3 in order to make it work. MORE Apple Clips [iTunes link] Tags AppleAppsiPhoneSoftware Must Read Bits & Bytes 2018 VW Atlas First Drive: A 7-seater SUV to dethrone Explorer Xbox Project Scorpio specs officially revealed This iPhone 8 video shows what Galaxy S8 does right and LG G6 does wrong Niantic’s Pokemon GO Easter surprise: Virtual Trespassing Lawsuits! For Zero Motorcycles, a Tesla-sized opportunity to redefine EVs Latest Headlines Galaxy S8 Bixby button can be repurposed with this app Apr 7, 2017 Canon PowerShot SX730 HS 20MP digital camera has 40x optical zoom Apr 6, 2017 These glowing Alien Xenomorph eggs should be in your Easter basket Apr 6, 2017 MacBook Air 13-inch gets a big price cut, is now $799 new Apr 6, 2017 Adobe’s AI selfie tech will make you look better, no skill necessary Apr 6, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Jaguar F-PACE 35t Prestige Review: A crossover with claws Apr 5, 2017 Huawei Honor 8 Pro Review Apr 5, 2017 Moto G5 Plus Review : Budget Phone Authority Apr 4, 2017 Sonos PLAYBASE Review: A flat soundbar with big sound Apr 3, 2017 LG G6 Review: The display is the key Apr 3, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
FRI, APR 07, 2017 | 2 °C Light rain Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 3 hours ago Golfing with Trump? Better leave your ego at the clubhouse Leave your ego in the clubhouse if you ever get the chance to golf with... Latest News SEE MORE Syria’s Assad faces mounting pressure after chemical attack 18,000 litres of diesel fuel stolen in Norfolk Oosterhoff’s anti-turbines motion voted down Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 11 hours ago Taser changing its name, will focus on body cameras Taser International, the company behind ubiquitous shock devices carried by... Latest Business News SEE MORE Celebrating Burlington's businesses Facebook launches resource to help spot misleading news Toy for toddlers doubles as code bootcamp LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Lucic's hat trick leads Oilers past Sharks 4-2 Lucic's hat trick leads Oilers past Sharks 4-2 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Flames flatten Kings 4-1 as Gillies wins in first start Vrbata scores 2 to lead Coyotes past Canucks Harvey looks like ace of old; Mets top Braves 6-2 Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Mel B's estranged husband wants spousal support Mel B's estranged husband Stephen Belafonte has requested she pay him... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Shia LeBeouf thrown out of bowling alley over meltdown New on DVD: Force is strong with new DVD releases for April 4 Two Goblets: Different location, same fine food Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines Apr 04, 2017 The Spectator’s View: Council must support poverty investment You can say many things about Hamilton city council, some not... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 13 hours ago New Stoney Creek park still in search of a name, presence Almost a year and a half after an official unveiling, upper Stoney Creek’s... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Tell us why you love Canada in short video, $1,000 travel voucher up for grabs Signpost Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 3 hours ago Bridal gowns made more casual for comfort Say so long to the poof. Latest Living Stories SEE MORE How to highlight, now Drew Edwards: The toilet is quiet again and I’m flushed with pride Lori Borgman: Fans scramble to the ‘grand’ attraction Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 40% off Dinner and a Concert discount: 39% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $31.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days How to set up your books for an accountant Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood Up to 40% off Dinner and a Concert discount: 39% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $31.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Chiropractic Care at Ancaster Cold Laser & Chiropractic Clinic Home News Business Helping Hamilton youth find jobs | 13 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Helping Hamilton youth find jobs Goodwill program helps clients find work they are suited for Tamara Paris Mark Newman,Hamilton Community News Tamara Paris enrolled in the Youth Job Connect program at the Goodwill employment centre on Upper Gage Avenue 14 months ago and has found full-time work in the computer tech assistance field. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By Mark Newman If you have a problem with your iPad or other Apple device and call the helpline, there's a good chance you will be speaking to Tamara Paris. She works at the Concentrix call centre at Jackson Square, where she's an iOS senior adviser who has been trained on Apple products. "That's a fancy way of saying if you have a broken (iPhone) or your whole (Apple) computer (went down), you call me," said the 29-year-old central Mountain resident. "I've always been good with computer-techie stuff." But a couple of years ago, Paris never dreamed she would become a techie working in a full-time job, with good benefits, that would give her a couple of promotions. She thought her future was in hairstyling, facials and manicures. Paris had attended a private college for cosmetology and esthetics, but soon found there were few full-time jobs in Hamilton. Fourteen months ago, the unemployed single mother walked into the Goodwill employment centre on Upper Gage and enrolled in Youth Job Connect, a five-week program in which young people (ages 16 to 29) are given employment training and, with the help of a job developer, find a field of work that they like and are well suited for. "It's a helping hand," said Paris, who was referred to Concentrix, where she's been working for more than a year. Tracy Baxter, regional director of client services at Goodwill, says the Youth Job Connect Program is aimed at full-time, job-seeking young people facing work barriers such as language, education, home difficulties or mental health issues. "They go through a mandatory 60 hours of pre-employment training, which they are paid minimum wage ($11.40 an hour) to attend here," Baxter said. The pre-employment training includes a variety of learning including resumé writing, interview skills, workplace expectations and diversity in the workplace. Once the pre-employment phase is completed, the youth work with a job developer who helps them to identify their interests and determine what field of employment suits them the most. "They figure out who you are while allowing you to figure out who you are at the same time," said Paris. "To see where you want to go in the future … at the end they kind of assess what are you better at." Jeff Martin, senior career specialist at the Upper Gage centre, said they emphasize reliability, dependability and motivation to the young people. "The rest is teachable." Baxter said the centre will provide employers with training subsidies that can cover as much as 75 per cent of the wages. Money is also available for employment-related items such as work boots or a transit pass. Baxter said 65 per cent of their clients will find jobs and stick with them. Most of the rest usually return to high school to finish their education. See goodwillonline.ca for more information on the Youth Job Connect program. Hamilton Community News Mark Newman is a Reporter for Mountain News. He can be reached at mnewman@hamiltonnews.com | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News City Hall  Hamilton's LRT critics making headway in Mississauga Snapshot Education  York Region teacher's licence revoked after having sex with a student Snapshot Local  Stingy spending, cuts leading to average tax hike of 2.1 per cent in Hamilton Snapshot Local  Blown away by Augusta Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos ArtsEntertainment VIDEO: Goat Yoga Local CityLife: On location on Ottawa ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Junos red carpet Local Video: Popsicle stick bridge challenge The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Hamilton couple in $6 million cocaine case described as ‘loyal and trustful' Father of Ancaster alleged ‘hacker for hire' vows to keep his son out of trouble Stingy spending, cuts leading to average tax hike of 2.1 per cent in Hamilton Girl found living with monkeys in Indian forest Principal resigns after high school students investigate her credentials In Your Neighbourhood Today Invite rustic charm and gourmet cuisine to your wedding When you're planning your special day, you want nothing less than a truly special place to... Scenic Trails offers a truly unique approach to resort living Offering a serene entrance for an exclusive resort living lifestyle, Scenic Trails condominium by... Reliable, rugged, affordable communications: Paging solutions remain tried and true Hamilton’s Spectrum Communications has been in the communications business since 1979, and it’s... Early orthodontic care can benefit your child for life Braces are a great tool for correcting bite problems and tooth alignment in adults, but kids can... Reptiles may be cold-blooded, but they can still warm your heart The popularity of pet reptiles is on the rise, and the team at Big Al’s Pet Supercentres in... Plan eases high costs of transporting a loved one home for a funeral service Dignity Memorial in Hamilton knows you can't time someone's death — and that means it can happen... Rub-a-dub-dub: Choosing a new bathtub If you’re planning a bathroom renovation, the Plumbing Centre of Hamilton can help you pick out... Legal Matters: Am I at fault if a guest slips on my icy steps? Question: One of my holiday guests slipped on the icy front steps of my home. Am I liable for... Spectrum Communications knows just what solution your company needs Spectrum Communications in Hamilton has been providing a wide range of specialized communication... Restore your smile with dental implants Offering family and cosmetic dentistry, Golf Links Dental in Ancaster, Ontario, can give you the... Canadian Tire Hamilton Centre makes playtime for everybody All Canadian sports and pastimes come to life with the great sporting goods and leisure products at... Who can heal your dishwasher? The Appliance Doctor can Before you junk your broken dishwasher, talk to the experts at The Appliance Doctor in Hamilton to... Dental care for your feline You may not know your cat is experiencing serious dental problems until it is too late, which is... External versus interior waterproofing: Hire the right contractor When you are looking to waterproof your basement, the experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton want... How to reduce waste during construction and demolition The waste generated from construction and demolition is costly and burdens our landfill sites, but... Energy-saving tips for the spring and summer months The professionals at B & G Heating, Air Conditioning & Ventilation in Hamilton know that energy... Creating the perfect outdoor enclosure for your pooch Dogs love to be outdoors, and for those times when you can't be outside with them, let Crispline... Improve accessibility to your building with automated door systems At The Lock Hut in Hamilton, they know that gaining entry to a store or workplace is something that... Commercial bankruptcy and insolvency issues: understanding your rights The business law offices of Inch Hammond Business Lawyers have been providing trusted and... Mortgages and first-time homebuyers: The changing rules and regulations First-time homebuyers need to be aware of new regulations regarding mortgages, but as The Mortgage... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 65% off Ground Turkey $25 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal 56% off Ground Bison $35 View Deal Up to 53% off Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 35% off a 4-Course Dinner $49 View Deal 65% off Ground Chicken $25 View Deal 44% off Bacon-Wrapped Sirloin Steaks $75 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Celebrating Burlington's businesses Sign of the times? Solar panels power Kentucky Coal Museum Postmedia CEO warns of more cost-cutting to come TSX lifted by energy and bank stocks Royal Bank CEO 'concerned' about house prices PreviousNext Steps to take before picking a financial adviser CIBC, RBC on defensive over sales tactics TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Follow Us Video The Skinny Style Out There Shatterbox Anthology Try Living With Lucie Womanhood 60 Seconds To Fit All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty How To Videos Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading This Is How You Manage Your Apple ID Everything You Need To Know About Managing Your Apple ID Madeline Buxton If you own an Apple product, be it an iPhone, Mac, or iPad, you know that your Apple ID is the key to your digital kingdom. But what does it actually do and how do you keep it safe? Think of your ID as your personal tie to all things Apple. It's your access point to every Apple service, from iCloud to iMessage. It's what makes it easy to transition from one product to another — for example, if you're trading in an iPhone 6 for a PRODUCT (RED) iPhone 7 — or to unify all of your devices when you buy something shiny and new. Advertisement Whenever you get an Apple product, you'll be asked to sign up for an Apple ID or to sign in with an existing one. Contrary to popular belief, you need one and only one Apple ID. This will give you access to the same iCloud account across devices. But everyone should have their own Apple ID. Though you might be tempted to share it with a friend or sibling so that you can share iTunes purchases, this isn't advised for a couple of reasons. First, it can makes things confusing and clutter the content in your account. And second, there's a lot of personal info in your account, and the less you share it (read: not at all), the safer it will stay. Instead, opt for a Family Sharing group. You can invite up to six members into a single group where you can all access the same iTunes, iBooks, and App Store buys. However, you probably want to limit this to actual family members, since you'll pay with the same credit card. Unless you're cool with your friend shelling out for the latest Kendrick Lamar album at a moment's notice. This brings us to your Apple ID's security. Since your ID has everything from your billing info to your iCloud drive attached to it, you don't want anyone you haven't authorized to gain access. Every time you or anyone else logs into your ID from a new device, you'll get an email notification telling you where this log-in occurred. If you weren't the one to log in from that place, be sure to change your password or, if you can't do so, contact Apple Support. To protect your account, create a unique, unhackable password and make sure that your device is always up to date. Not sure if you're due for an iOS upgrade? Go to your Settings > General > Software Update. In addition to bug fixes, you'll get new features, including the option to enable two-factor authentication, which you're prompted to set up when you download the latest update, iOS 10.3. You can also turn it on by going to Settings > iCloud > Apple ID > Password & Security > Two-Factor Authentication. Voila! Your account now has an extra bodyguard on duty. At the end of the day, you want to take the two minutes to set up your Apple ID's security so that you never have to think about it again and can send your GIFs, emoji, and confetti-filled messages in safety. Advertisement Living • Work & Money More from Tech Trump Tries To Unmask An Anti-Trump Twitter Account Because, Of Course Tech Caitlin Flynn 3 hours ago A Corporate Initiative We Can All Embrace We Want More Lindsey Stanberry 11 hours ago How To Use Apple's New Video Tool To Up Your Instagram Game Tech Madeline Buxton 11 hours ago Check Out Mark Zuckerberg's Note About Community Tech Michael Hafford Feb 17, 2017 This Ride-Sharing App Gets Right What Others Have Gotten Very Wrong Tech Natalie Gontcharova 14 hours ago These Are The Best Apps For Making GIFs, Period Best Apps Felicity Sargent 17 hours ago Snapchat Lovers, You Need To Download This App ASAP Tech Madeline Buxton 19 hours ago 11 Dos & 10 Don'ts For Handling Mystery Text Messages Paid Content Christina Bonnington 20 hours ago 16 Ways To Reach Peak Creativity On Instagram Stories Paid Content Madeline Buxton 20 hours ago Women Are Tweeting #ThatsHarassment To Share Powerful Stories Entertainment Marquita Harris Apr 6, 2017 Attention, Attention: YouTube Is Launching A Live-TV Service Tech Natalie Gontcharova Apr 5, 2017 Amazon Is About To Refund Customers $70 Million — Are You Eligible? Tech Madeline Buxton Apr 5, 2017 Netflix's New Rating System Has Officially Arrived — Here's What You'll... Tech Madeline Buxton Apr 5, 2017 These Skype Hacks Will Transform Your Messages & Video Chats Tech Madeline Buxton Apr 5, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $1,550 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, $150 UE Boom 2... What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more... Don’t want internet providers to sell your browsing data? Use a VPN Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak?   skip to main content skip to main menu     Clips: Apple’s new video creation app is now available on iPhone and iPad By Christian Zibreg, Apr 6, 2017 Tweet 2 Comments Clips, a new video creation app from Apple, is now available for download on App Store. Previewed on March 21 as part of Apple’s Spring product refresh, Clips lets you create expressive videos on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch with just a few taps. The app includes some nifty features like a selection of cartoonish effects and the ability to create captions on the fly using just your voice. Clips is available on App Store at no charge and requires iOS 10.3, which launched last week. The app’s simplified design makes it easy to combine videos, photos and music into memorable clips. Clips has a strong focus on social media sharing. For example, the software uses the square format popularized by Instagram. Your cleverly edited videos can be shared with friends through the Messages app or on Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and other social networks. To make things simpler for novice users, Clips ditches the traditional video-editing tools, such as complex timelines, multi-track editing and so forth. Instead, you simply pick a few clips from your library and move them around across a drastically simplified timeline view at the bottom of the screen. To make your videos pop, Clips encourages you to apply artistic filters, speech bubbles, shapes, emoji or even full-screen posters with animated backgrounds. There are many built-in soundtracks that adjust automatically to match the length of your video. Each individual clip added to your project can be up to thirty minutes long, with the total run time of your exported Clips video limited to one hour. A single project can contain over 300 individual videos. Clips takes advantage of iPad with its large, easy-to-use interface Clips comes with Live Titles, “a breakthrough feature” that lets you create animated captions and titles in 36 different languages using your voice. This surprisingly cool feature generates animated captions automatically, as you speak, with titles synced to your voice. You can even mix and match different styles, adjust captions by adding your own text and punctuation, inline emoji and more. Here are the key Clips highlights: Videos made easy Clips lets you create videos in real time using simple controls — no timeline, tracks, or complicated editing tools Shoot live video and photos or add them from your library Easily mute audio, adjust the length of your clips, and reorder them Clips looks and works great on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch Live Titles Create animated titles and captions using just your voice Captions are generated automatically as you speak and match the timing of your voiceover Mix and match different styles throughout your video Tap your title to adjust text and punctuation or add inline emoji Fun effects Give your photos and video clips a comic book look with color and black & white filters Drop in animated speech bubbles, arrows, and banners Add emoji on top of any photo or video clip Use full-screen posters with animated backgrounds and customizable text to help tell your story Drag and pinch while recording to add smooth pan and zoom animations to your photos and videos Add a music track from your library or use built-in soundtracks that automatically adjust to the length of your video Smart sharing Clips suggests people to share with based on who is in your video and whom you share with most often Tap a person in the share sheet to instantly send your video via Messages Send directly to Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and other popular social media sites “Clips gives iPhone and iPad users a new way to express themselves through video, and it’s incredibly easy to use,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s VP of Apps Product Marketing. “The effects, filters and amazing new Live Titles we’ve designed for Clips let anyone make great-looking, easily sharable videos with just a few taps.” Engadget noted that Clips’ surprisingly handy list of features is what sets it apart. “It feels like Apple baked extra bells and whistles into Clips to give it a leg up on other social services without having to build a social network of its own,” wrote Engadget. There are some spots where workflow breaks down a little bit. For instance, clips cannot be dragged between projects: you must save a clip to the Camera Roll and then re-add it to a new project but you’ll lose your live subtitles in the process. “You’ll also have to hold down the record button for the full duration to add those clips, which can be tedious. It allows you record new audio over the track that was already there, which is nice I guess, but sometimes you just want to plop a clip into place,” said Engadget’s Chris Velazco. Check out our hands-on with Clips. Check out more first impressions and detailed Clips reviews from The Verge, The Wall Street Journal, TechCrunch, Stuff, TIME and Mashable. For more information, visit apple.com/clips. We’ll be doing a video hands-on with Clips in the future so stay tuned for more information. Until then, try out Clips on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch and let us know what you think in comments. Clips is compatible with iPhone 5s and later, 9.7-inch iPad (2017), all iPad Air and iPad Pro models, iPad mini 2 and later and sixth-generation iPod touch. The app requires iOS 10.3 or later. Grab Clips for free from App Store. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Hands on with Clips, Apple’s new social video editing app Apple’s Clips app lets you create expressive videos with voice-activated Live Titles & more DirecTV NOW launches on iPhone, iPad & Apple TV BBC releases iPlayer Kids app Related Topics Apple, Apps, Clips, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, New Apps & Games, News, Video Rahimo I hate the sentence : “The app requires iOS 10.3 or later.” I don’t wanna lose my Hard-to-find JB !!! MMA Rules Just downloaded it and it’s just plain and simple a stupid app,  why don’t concentrate on your own software that is way behind Android in functionality, why do I have to go deep into settings to change my camera resolution? Why the volume hud is still in the middle of the screen? Why third party apps can have access to Touch ID to lock the app and not the stock apps? Why we have dual camera in our iPhone 7 Plus and we don’t have a wide angle? Do you know how many times I almost dropped my phone trying to take a group selfie and I’m stretching my arm trying to fit everyone in the shot and when I do then it’s so difficult to hit the shutter button because the phone is so big? Android phones have this for years why not us? And please don’t tell me to switch to android because I hate android! But they rather spend their time creating this crap of app, smh   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? Apple’s Clips app does not work on 32-bit devices The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore Hands on with Clips, Apple’s new social video editing app Apple’s free app of the week: Toca Life: School   The latest jailbreak news NoLockScreenCam disables camera access on the Lock screen How to save .shsh2 blobs for the Apple TV Customize the look of your Messages app with BetterMessages This tweak helps you differentiate comments in the official Reddit app Let’s Talk Jailbreak 160: On the gravy train for life iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Music THEHOTLIST.am Listen To Past Playlists Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Listen To Past Playlists Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Apple Watch Series 3 Pegged for Fall 2017 Debut Share Tweet Apple: ‘Transformers: Forged to Fight is Here!’ SAMPHA Debuts Exclusive ‘Process’ Film On Apple Music Now Available for Download: iOS 10.3.1 New Apple Ad: Live Bright [VIDEO] Wrist Tech Apple Watch Series 3 Pegged for Fall 2017 Debut By Arron Hirst 14 hours ago Share Tweet Apple will reportedly unveil the third iteration of its fitness wearable at a special event set to take place, this fall. That’s according to the ever hit-and-miss DigiTimes, who reports this week that the forthcoming next-generation Apple Watch – which could be revealed at the multi-billion dollar Apple Park – is “scheduled to be released in the second half [of 2017],” as it notes that production of the existing second-generation Apple Watch will be partially given to Compal. “Compal has already moved equipment for production to plants in Chongqing in preparation for Apple’s orders,” iClarified adds. DigiTimes notes that Compal shipped 5 Million wearables in fiscal year 2016, and that volume is expected to increase to over 10 Million for 2017 – it says, with the Apple Watch expected to be “a major growth driver” of that. / DigiTimes Continue Reading You may also like... Apple: ‘Transformers: Forged to Fight is Here!’ SAMPHA Debuts Exclusive ‘Process’ Film On Apple Music Now Available for Download: iOS 10.3.1 New Apple Ad: Live Bright [VIDEO] Related Topics:2017, Apple Park, Apple Watch, Apple Watch Series 3, Debut, Fall, Featured, featuredtop, Pegged, Rumor, Sources, Speculation, Wearables, Wrist Tech Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Wrist Tech Wrist Tech New Apple Ad: Live Bright [VIDEO] By Arron Hirst1st Apr 17 4:09 pm Apple has posted a new TV spot for Apple Watch Series 2. Wrist Tech Here’s All Those Watch Bands Apple Just Unveiled for Spring 2017 By Arron Hirst21st Mar 17 2:11 pm Got an Apple Watch and looking to switch it up as we head into Spring? …... Apple Celebrate Mum with Apple Gifts By Arron Hirst18th Mar 17 1:53 am Sending out a new mailshot to its store customers here in the UK, on Friday, Apple... App Store Recently Updating On iOS: Cortana, AutoSleep, Causality … (and More!) By Arron Hirst12th Mar 17 2:09 am As the App Store continues to serve up a whole bunch of new apps (and games)... iOS Now Available for Public Beta: iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 and watchOS 3.2 (Beta 5) By Arron Hirst9th Mar 17 8:58 pm Continuing to ask for users’ help, as it extensively tests each version of software ahead of... Wrist Tech New Apple Ad: Catch, Swim, Play [VIDEO] By Arron Hirst12th Feb 17 11:18 am Apple has debuted yet another ad that focuses on the health and fitness aspect of its... iOS Apple Seeds Latest Developer Betas [What’s New] By Arron Hirst6th Feb 17 8:40 pm Continuing its development drive for each version of software, Apple on Monday seeded new builds of... Wrist Tech Your Apple Watch Band Could Soon House An Onboard Battery By Arron Hirst3rd Feb 17 11:14 am That’s right. The discovery made in a filing by the Cupertino company that was published to... Wrist Tech watchOS 3.2 Goes Live for Developers [VIDEO] By Arron Hirst30th Jan 17 9:03 pm Apple has seeded the next iteration of its wrist-top OS to testers. #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad Musemage - Professional Video Camera and Editor FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! 99p HD Movie Rentals Disney Films at £6.99 HD [Ends 7/4] Under £5: Futurescapes Bestsellers for £3.99 HD TV Series Under £10 TV Series Under £5 iMessage Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Disney Stickers: Mickey & Friends $1.99 More info iPhone + iPad Stickershift FREE The RAZBlast™ A weekly roundup of what's new, breaking and trending — Coming Summer 2017. Email Address Discovered on MUSIC BUY Don't Take The MoneyBleachers http://audio.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/AudioPreview122/v4/83/85/9f/83859f66-273f-9d7e-a9f7-bcefc5e0bda2/mzaf_5152978923195818355.plus.aac.ep.m4a Hot Movies Explore these trending movies. ﻿ BUY Rogue One: A Star Wars Story $19.99 BUY Split $14.99 BUY Office Christmas Party $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Trending on Mac See All More info Mac minimize $3.99 More info Mac OXENFREE $19.99 More info Mac Thimbleweed Park $19.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. Emoji art supplied by EmojiOne. version 10.0 To Top
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 9 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content You are here: Home / Apple/Mac / Australian Regulator Sues Apple Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Australian Regulator Sues Apple over Error 53 Shutdowns PUBLISHED: APRIL 06 2017 The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission has filed a lawsuit against Apple Inc. in the Federal Court. The suit alleges that the iPhone maker made false, misleading, or deceptive representations about consumers’ rights under the Australian Consumer Law. The commission said in a statement that it commenced an investigation following reports relating to 'Error 53,' which disabled some consumers' iPads or iPhones after downloading an update to Apple’s iOS operating system. Many consumers who experienced error 53 had previously had their devices repaired by a third party. The ACCC said it found that Apple has refused to service consumers' defective devices if a consumer had previously had the device repaired by a third party repairer, even where that repair was unrelated to the fault. Under the Australian Consumer Law, there are a number of "consumer guarantees" regarding the quality, suitability for purpose and other characteristics of goods and services. Consumers are entitled to certain remedies at no cost where goods and services do not comply with the consumer guarantees. According to the ACCC, Apple Inc. represented to consumers with faulty products that they were not entitled to a free remedy if their Apple device had previously been repaired by the third party, "unauthorized repairers." However, having a component of the Apple device serviced, repaired, or replaced by someone other than Apple cannot, by itself, extinguish the consumer’s right to a remedy for non-compliance with the consumer guarantees, the ACCC said. "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," ACCC Chairman Rod Sims said. "Denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third party repairer not only impacts those consumers but can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at the lower cost than the manufacturer," Sims added. He continued: "As consumer goods become increasingly complex, businesses also need to remember that consumer rights extend to any software or software updates loaded onto those goods. Faults with software or software updates may entitle consumers to a free remedy under the Australian Consumer Law." The commission is seeking pecuniary penalties, injunctions, declarations, compliance program orders, corrective notices, and costs. Shares of Apple Inc. closed down 0.52% on Wednesday. The stock is up over 24% for the year. During the last 12 months, AAPL has surged nearly 31%. © 2017 Market Exclusive under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Apple, Australia, Lawsuit, iPhone, iPad, Mobile Phones Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Amazon Hiring 30K Part-Time Workers 2. Waymo: Uber Violated Court Order 3. Tesla Is Now Worth More than Ford 4. Australian Regulator Sues Apple 5. Amazon Picks off NFL Thursday Night MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN APPLE/MAC 1. Australian Regulator Sues Apple 2. Mac Pro Redesign? Not This Year 3. Apple Drops Imagination's Tech 4. Will Galaxy S8 Impact Next iPhone? 5. Apple Rolls Out Major iOS Update Next Article > Apple Promises Mac Pro Redesign Is Coming, Just Not This Year By Jef Cozza / NewsFactor Business Report PUBLISHED: APRIL 04 2017 First, the good news: Apple announced plans to release a completely redesigned version of the Mac Pro. Now the bad news: you won’t see it until at least 2018. But professional Mac users can sleep soundly in the knowledge that Apple understands their frustrations. Why else would the company invite a group of reporters to its headquarters yesterday to update the world on a product it doesn’t plan to release for at least another year? Apple seems to understand that it has a major perception problem when it comes to professional users, and can't afford to ignore the issue until an official product announcement sometime in 2018. Not Built for Modern Workloads The current version of the Mac Pro was released in 2013. At the time, the company thought it was making a bold statement with the unusual form factor that looked more like a cylindrical Bluetooth speaker than a professional desktop machine. But instead of representing a great leap forward for the company’s pro users, the current incarnation of the Mac Pro is now closer to a dead end. A large part of that is likely the fault of the internal architecture, the company admitted to reporters yesterday. Apple designers had gambled on an architectural plan designed to accommodate two smaller GPUs (graphics processing units), rather than a single larger one. Not necessarily a bad idea in principal, but that wasn’t how the industry evolved. Instead, designs and workloads have moved toward relying on one larger GPU. Apple Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi acknowledged to reporters that the current design was inadequate for professional users whose workloads depended on running on a single GPU or single-threaded CPU (central processing unit) performance. Certain scientific workloads require a single GPU, and heavy 3D graphics or VR applications can also be taxing for two smaller GPUs, Federighi said. A Move to Modular However, the Mac Pro’s architecture made it difficult for the company to reconfigure the machine along the lines that their customers required. In particular, while the desktop’s triple chassis design was well-equipped to disperse the heat generated by two lower-power graphics chips, it couldn’t handle the thermal output generated by a single, massive GPU. That left Apple with a device that didn't serve the needs of many of its professional customers. Apple was also unable to upgrade future versions while remaining true to the original design. As a result, the Mac Pro has received little in the way of significant upgrades to its specifications. After four years on the market, the Pro has now fallen dramatically behind its competitors in the professional space. But Apple said that it's already hard at work on redesigning the Mac Pro. Although the company did not reveal any major details, executives did say the next model will be much more modular than the current version to better facilitate future upgrades. The new modular architecture will also include a new Pro display, something Apple has shied away from in the past. Image credit: Product shot by Apple. Read more on: Apple, Mac, Mac Pro, Desktop, Computer, Technology News POPULAR IN APPLE/MAC Apple Disputes Massive iCloud Hack Apple Rolls Out Major iOS Update Will Galaxy S8 Impact Next iPhone? Apple Drops Imagination's Tech Mac Pro Redesign? Not This Year Australian Regulator Sues Apple WikiLeaks: CIA Hacked Apple Devices THE BIG PICTURE Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR FRIDAY APRIL 7 Google Says Its Machine Learning Chip Leaves CPUs, GPUs in the Dust Without its new chip for machine learning, Google might have had to build more data centers to support the intensive computing demands of such services as Image Search and Google Photos. Amazon Hiring 30K Part-Timers and Taking Stake in Plug Power Tech giant Amazon has acquired the right to buy up to a 23 percent stake in hydrogen fuel cell maker Plug Power. Amazon also plans to hire as many as 30,000 additional part-time workers in the U.S. Facebook Launches Resource To Help Spot Misleading News Australian Regulator Sues Apple over Error 53 Shutdowns Cisco Announces New Developer Tools from AppDynamics Internet Inventor Tim Berners-Lee Wins Top Computing Award CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders TOP TECH NEWSCIO TODAYDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMETECH TRENDSNETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGHARDWAREAPPLICATIONSMICROSOFT/WINDOWSMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware DIGITAL LIFE Australian Regulator Sues Apple over Error 53 Shutdowns Posted April 6, 2017 EARLIER Amazon Picks off NFL Thursday Night from Twitter THIS STORY Australian Regulator Sues Apple over Error 53 Shutdowns LATER Facebook Launches Resource To Help Spot Misleading News YOU ARE HERE:   HOME DIGITAL LIFE THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Syndication. Updated April 6, 2017 8:50AM SHARE ALSO SEE Apple Australia Lawsuit iPhone iPad Mobile Phones The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission has filed a lawsuit against Apple Inc. in the Federal Court. The suit alleges that the iPhone maker made false, misleading, or deceptive representations about consumers’ rights under the Australian Consumer Law. The commission said in a statement that it commenced an investigation following reports relating to 'Error 53,' which disabled some consumers' iPads or iPhones after downloading an update to Apple’s iOS operating system. Many consumers who experienced error 53 had previously had their devices repaired by a third party. The ACCC said it found that Apple has refused to service consumers' defective devices if a consumer had previously had the device repaired by a third party repairer, even where that repair was unrelated to the fault. Under the Australian Consumer Law, there are a number of "consumer guarantees" regarding the quality, suitability for purpose and other characteristics of goods and services. Consumers are entitled to certain remedies at no cost where goods and services do not comply with the consumer guarantees. According to the ACCC, Apple Inc. represented to consumers with faulty products that they were not entitled to a free remedy if their Apple device had previously been repaired by the third party, "unauthorized repairers." However, having a component of the Apple device serviced, repaired, or replaced by someone other than Apple cannot, by itself, extinguish the consumer’s right to a remedy for non-compliance with the consumer guarantees, the ACCC said. "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," ACCC Chairman Rod Sims said. "Denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third party repairer not only impacts those consumers but can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at the lower cost than the manufacturer," Sims added. He continued: "As consumer goods become increasingly complex, businesses also need to remember that consumer rights extend to any software or software updates loaded onto those goods. Faults with software or software updates may entitle consumers to a free remedy under the Australian Consumer Law." The commission is seeking pecuniary penalties, injunctions, declarations, compliance program orders, corrective notices, and costs. Shares of Apple Inc. closed down 0.52% on Wednesday. The stock is up over 24% for the year. During the last 12 months, AAPL has surged nearly 31%. © 2017 Market Exclusive syndicated under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP OF THE NEWS FRIDAY APRIL 7 Google Says Its Machine Learning Chip Leaves CPUs, GPUs in the Dust Without its new chip for machine learning, Google might have had to build more data centers to support the intensive computing demands of such services as Image Search and Google Photos. Amazon Hiring 30K Part-Time Workers   Facebook Offers Fake News Tips   Australian Regulator Sues Apple   AppDynamics Debuts New Dev Tools   Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE Facebook Offers Fake News Tips Amazon Picks off NFL Thursday Night Yahoo Hacker Has Bail Hearing Yahoo and AOL To Become 'Oath' Trump Repeals Privacy Regulations Next Article > Facebook Launches Resource To Help Spot Misleading News By Barbara Ortutay. Updated April 06, 2017. Facebook is launching a resource to help you spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service. The resource, similar to previous efforts around privacy and security, is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes you to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it. Tips to spot false news include looking closely at website addresses to see if they are trying to spoof real news sites, and checking websites' "about" sections for more information. Some sites might look like real news at first glance, but their "about" sections inform the visitor that they are in fact satire. Adam Mosseri, vice president of News Feed at Facebook, said he hopes people will become "more discerning consumers" of news. The new feature is part of a broader plan by Facebook to clamp down false news stories, which gained outsized attention in the months leading up to the 2016 U.S. presidential election. False news, of course, was around long before the election. But supermarket tabloids peddling stories about aliens and celebrity miracles are less insidious than, say, "Pizzagate," a false internet rumor that led a gunman to fire an assault weapon inside a Washington pizzeria in December. Facebook has been "working very hard to figure out how to get their arms wrapped around this," said Lucy Dalglish, journalism dean at the University of Maryland. "Facebook was always very interested technology but not the social and civic implications of technology. It's like they have become citizens." She praised the company for seeking help from outside experts, including academics, researchers and nonprofit journalism organizations. The company, for instance, is working with outside fact-checking and media organizations to identify false news as such. And once they are identified, Facebook is trying to dry up the "economic incentives" of false news sites by making it difficult for them to buy ads on Facebook. Mosseri said most of the false news content on Facebook is from spammers trying to seek a profit and not, for example, political propaganda. This is apparent as the sites often flip-flop around opposing political candidates, for example. The new feature will be available in 14 countries, including the U.S., Germany, France, Italy, the U.K., Philippines, Taiwan and Brazil. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Facebook, Politics, Fake News, Online News, Government, News Feed MOST POPULAR 01 Applications Microsoft, Adobe Intro Joint Offerings 02 Apple/Mac Apple Disputes Massive iCloud Hack 03 Tech Trends Robots Coming for 38% of U.S. Jobs 04 Mobile Tech Apple Rolls Out Major iOS Update 05 Network Security Over 4 Billion Records Leaked in 2016 06 Applications Twitter Mulls Charging Power Users 07 Cloud Computing Amazon Debuts Call Center Platform 08 Applications Win 10 Creators Update Out April 11 09 Big Data SAP, Siemens Launch Tool for Utilities 10 Microsoft/Windows Microsoft Faces $5M Windows 10 Suit INSIDE TOP TECH NEWS NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 1 Potential Problem for Apple Inc.'s Upcoming OLED iPhone 8 Apple's upcoming OLED iPhone could see a regression in the very area in which it is supposed to leap ahead of its predecessors. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 6, 2017 at 1:00PM At this point, it's very well known that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is planning to launch three new iPhone models this year. The first two -- commonly referred to the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus -- are believed to be straightforward upgrades of the current iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, respectively. These phones are expected to continue to use liquid crystal displays (LCDs), though perhaps with True Tone functionality. The third -- the "premium" iPhone -- is expected to rock an organic light-emitting diode (OLED) display. Image source: Apple. OLED displays offer several advantages over traditional LCDs, including "perfect" contrast ratios, the ability to be curved, and much zippier response times. However, as I noted in a previous column, the LCDs on Apple's current iPhone models still offer some distinct advantages over the OLED display found on Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S8. The iPhone 7 LCDs offer superior brightness, color accuracy, gamma, and even viewing angles, per testing performed by display expert, Raymond Soneira of DisplayMate. The OLED display on the iPhone 8 is expected to be supplied by Samsung, which leads me to wonder the following: How will Apple deliver the advantages of OLED to its customers without regressing in critical areas relative to the current iPhone 7/7 Plus LCDs (which will surely be repurposed in the company's cheaper iPhone 7s/7s Plus)? Does Apple have its own OLED recipe? It's no secret that Apple has many display technologists within its ranks, and it's quite possible that whatever OLED display technology makes its way onto its premium iPhone will be differentiated in some way relative to what Samsung ships with its own smartphones, as well as to other potential customers. Indeed, if we go back to a Bloomberg report that surfaced two years ago, Samsung apparently "created a stand-alone team of about 200 employees working exclusively on screens for Apple Inc. products." "The team at Samsung Display Co., which provides screens for iPads and MacBooks, helps develop products and is only allowed to share information about Apple business within the group," the report said, citing "people with direct knowledge of the matter." It's conceivable, then, that Apple and the dedicated team at Samsung display have, together, worked out a display manufacturing recipe that gives Apple the best of both worlds -- the advantages of OLED technology without regression relative to its excellent LCD technology. Perhaps Apple is willing to make sacrifices It's also entirely possible that Apple is willing to accept some disadvantages in moving from LCDs to OLEDs in exchange for the improved aesthetics (i.e., full-face display with minimal bezels and infinite contrast ratio). That would certainly be unfortunate, but it would also be understandable. After all, from a marketing perspective, a full-face OLED display is simply more attractive, so what does it ultimately matter if peak brightness under certain conditions comes down a bit? Although it would be disappointing to see the display found on the "premium" iPhone regress from the displays found on the iPhone 7/7 Plus in a few ways, I can totally understand the business and marketing reasons for why Apple would make those trade-offs.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 1:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.66 down $0.36 (-0.25%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,500.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Apple Is Letting Oppo and Vivo Win in China Apple, Inc. Reportedly Preparing to Begin Manufacturing iPhones in India Why Apple Inc. Wants to Build Its Own Graphics Processors The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers 3 Reasons Apple Is a Better Dividend Stock Than Qualcomm Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 1 Potential Problem for Apple Inc.'s Upcoming OLED iPhone 8 @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $SSNLF
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Grand National Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming STAR OF THE SMALLEST SCREEN Apple’s incredible new Clips app could help you become the YouTube star of tomorrow Tech giant's brand new iOS app is designed to help everyone become a video maker by Jasper Hamill 6th April 2017, 5:04 pm Updated: 6th April 2017, 6:03 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments GETTING old is never much fun, particularly when you realise the kids are getting up to all sorts of things you haven’t got a hope of joining in with. And for us semi-aged wordsmiths, there’s one clear velvet rope dividing age and youth: video making. 4 An screenshot from Clips, Apple’s cool new video editing app 4 The app lets you shoot and arrange video using a simple and very speedy interface If you can direct and shoot video you’re past the rope and in the club, popping bottles and enjoying the heady feeling of being on the right side of history along with all those YouTube stars who became millionaires from their bedrooms. But if you can’t, you’re outside in the rain wondering why no-one will give you a kiss anymore. Luckily for old gits like me, there’s hope on the horizon. Apple has today launched a new app called Clips which is designed to make shooting video as easy as taking a selfie. Editing video is often a fiddly and laborious procedure which is about as enjoyable as minor dental surgery. As soon as you load up Clips, it feels different. The interface is classic Apple simplicity, with only a few buttons. You can choose to shoot video or photographs as well as importing your own content from your phone. All you need to film from the front and back camera is hold down a big red button, sliding it to the left for hands free operation. 4 Clips can automatically transcribe words as you speak them Footage shows how Apple's new video-making mobile app Clips will work Filters can then be added to the image or footage, as well as nice little thought bubbles or emojis. So far, so Snapchat, until you notice the app's first killer feature: automatic transcription. It will automatically turns your spoken words into text to generate cool real time subtitles for your films. You can also add captions to photos. Every piece of footage or photo is collected in a timeline at the bottom of the screen, where they can be arranged into order and trimmed. You can then share the video on social networks, upload it to YouTube or just email it to a chum (or the Bafta Award committee). MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE I-WILL HAVE TO WAIT iPhone 8 release date could be delayed by WEEKS due to 'technical issues with curved screen and camera' WET WORLD Newly discovered Earth-sized planet could be incredible water world teeming with life, stargazers say iPHONE 8 RUMOURS The new Apple iPhone 8 could be WAY cheaper than you think when it is released in September FINGER LICKIN' GOOD How many calories are there in a human? Scientists create disturbing nutritional guide for cannibals IS BIG BROTHER LISTENING? Google Home is now available in the UK and is hoped to trump its voice-controlled rival Amazon Echo A FITBIT OF LUCK Women claims her FitBit fitness tracker saved her life after spotting unusual heart rate And that's more or less it, because you don't need much more to make a pretty good film. Just like the iPod, the iPad and pretty much every other iThing that's launched out of Apple's Cupertino mothership, Clips is unbelievably easy to use - but is remarkably deep. You can make a YouTube-ready clip so quickly that's it's almost like filming in real time. Once you mastered the interface, I think filming a vlog would literally take as long as watching it - that's how quick and elegant the interface is. Frankly, I think this is a remarkable app. It's great for kids, who will use it to send their chums cool little films. 4 The timeline can be seen at the bottom. It allows you to easily arrange clips and photos into a film It's also very useful for older people who want to dabble in film-making but can't afford the time or expense of buying dedicated equipment and learning how to use it. Frankly, I don't think anyone can afford to not know how to make a video these days, when YouTube stars like PewDiePie command an audience that's bigger than any national newspaper. Clips is an excellent way into this world and Apple should be very proud of what they've achieved. In the video below, you can see what I managed to drum up in about five minutes after some very basic practice with the app (and yeah, it's rubbish, but I'm sure you could do a LOT better). I had only one gripe, which was that I couldn't find a way of adding words to films which I had already shot with audio - but this wasn't a big issue. Some professional users will probably want a more complex video-making tool. But it's worth remembering that simple tools are often the best. Just ask Welsh social media superstar Ben Phillips, who has won a massive global following by filming pranks using nothing more than his iPhone. Now imagine what the next generation will be able to do with tools like Clips. Exciting stuff. Good work Apple! We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Topics Apple Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular BLAST FROM THE PAST Cheryl 'in tears' after ex husband Ashley Cole sends his best wishes to her and Liam Payne TV & Showbiz PAIN AT THE PUMPS Morrisons HALVES the amount of rewards customers can earn for filling up at its petrol stations Money WHAT SHE DIDN'T WANT YOU TO SEE! Katie Price spends second honeymoon with hubby Kieran, kids... and entire film crew TV & Showbiz Exclusive BATTLE OF THE EXES Moment security split up Towie's Danielle Armstrong and Yazmin Oukhellou in brawl over James Lock TV & Showbiz BLOODY MESS Bethany Platt lies crying and bleeding by the canal as vile grooming storyline takes another dark turn TV & Showbiz bare off! Glamorous Aintree racegoers show off their DARING outfits as others stumble in their heels with the Champagne… News Exclusive x-maniac Mel B's 'flirty sex games' with Cheryl drove hubby Stephen Belafonte into 'rages' that saw him banned from X-Factor TV & Showbiz Exclusive And you thought Aldi was cheap! Asda launches new garden range with a lower price tag than Aldi Money MAKING ENDS MEET Child Tax Credit is changing and this is all you need to know about how it will affect your claim Money strip tease Little Mix star Jesy Nelson strips to her knickers in sexy selfie TV & Showbiz SLEAZY SQUADDIES X-rated pictures of girls taken back to British Army barracks for sex are being shared online News X-KATED Towie’s Kate Wright tries to break the internet as she flashes her cleavage in ‘unreal’ red-hot bikini TV & Showbiz MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE Goldman Sachs says mining platinum from asteroids is a 'realistic' way for bankers to earn BILLIONS Tech Exclusive MYSTERY EX REVEALED This is Megan McKenna’s ex who Pete Wicks claims she was ‘cheating’ with TV & Showbiz Exclusive FORGET TOWIE, HERE'S ROWIE Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks are restrained by TV crew after explosive argument ends in tears TV & Showbiz Just Published I-WILL HAVE TO WAIT iPhone 8 release date could be delayed by WEEKS due to 'technical issues with curved screen and camera' Tech STAR OF THE SMALLEST SCREEN Apple's incredible new app could help you become the YouTube star of tomorrow Tech WET WORLD Newly discovered Earth-sized planet could be incredible water world teeming with life, stargazers say Tech iPHONE 8 RUMOURS The new Apple iPhone 8 could be WAY cheaper than you think when it is released in September Tech FINGER LICKIN' GOOD How many calories are there in a human? Scientists create disturbing nutritional guide for cannibals Tech IS BIG BROTHER LISTENING? Google Home is now available in the UK and is hoped to trump its voice-controlled rival Amazon Echo Tech A FITBIT OF LUCK Women claims her FitBit fitness tracker saved her life after spotting unusual heart rate Tech WE CAN WORK IT OUT? Facebook admits it was 'tricked' into posting sick 'malicious advert' about suicide of Paul McCartney Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Patents Reveal High-Tech Fabrics for Future Apple Products Including a MacBook with a Smart Fabric Lid | Main April 06, 2017 Apple Patent Focuses on Future Apple Pencil Pie-Chart Menus Supporting Business Applications   Today the US Patent & Trademark Office published a continuation patent application from Apple that is in context with their previously granted patent which we covered back in December 2015 titled "Apple Granted a Patent for a Business App that will use Apple Pencil and new Pie Chart UI." Although a competitor's report today is blindly claiming that this is a new invention from Apple, it is not. Apple instead is refining their already granted patent to cover key aspects of the invention not protected before. The good news is that continuation patents usually indicate that the invention is still an ongoing and viable project.   In today's continuation patent Apple is securing new patent claims to protect their invention in new ways. It also goes to show us new or key aspects of the invention that they want to emphasize.    For instance, in the 2015 granted patent Apple's claims were mainly focused on all-things related to "collaboration" whereas today's update or continuation patent mainly focuses on claims relating to the functionality of a new radial or pie-chart menu system.   One of the key patent points that Apple wants to protect is a new button for Apple Pencil that will open a radial or pie-chart menu. The button will also act like a mouse with single and/or double click actions. Apple also has alternative methods of calling up a menu without a button. Apple's new menu system for Apple Pencil would allow it to go beyond art apps and support business applications like Microsoft's Office suite and beyond. It would put the Pro into high gear for the iPad Pro going forward.   For now, the main extended patent claims for this invention are noted below.    Claim 1: A method, comprising: at an electronic device with a touch-sensitive display: detecting a stylus input at a point on the touch-sensitive display that corresponds to content displayed on the touch-sensitive display; while the stylus continues to be detected at the point on the touch-sensitive surface, continuing to detect the stylus input; and in response to the continued detection of the stylus input: in accordance with a determination that the stylus input includes a menu display input, displaying a menu proximate to the point on the touch-sensitive display; and in accordance with a determination that the stylus input does not include the menu display input, preparing to perform a content manipulation operation with the content instead of displaying a menu proximate to the point on the touch-sensitive display.   Claim 2: The method of claim 1, wherein the menu display input is a press of a button on the stylus.   Claim 4: The method of claim 1, wherein the menu display input includes a predetermined number of repetitions of an input in which the pressure of the stylus increases on the touch-sensitive display and then decreases.   Claim 5: The method of claim 1, including, while displaying the menu, receiving an input on a respective menu item of a plurality of displayed menu items in the menu, and in response to the input, displaying a sub-menu that corresponds to the respective menu item.   Claim 6: The method of claim 5, wherein, when the menu is displayed curving in a first direction, the sub-menu is displayed curving in the first direction.   Claim 7: The method of claim 5, wherein the sub-menu is displayed within a reachable area relative to the menu.   Claim 8: The method of claim 5, wherein the sub-menu is displayed below the respective menu item.   Claim 11: The method of claim 10, including, while scrolling the portion of the menu, maintaining a portion of the menu stationary without scrolling.   Claim 12: An electronic device, comprising: a touch-sensitive display: a stylus; one or more processors; and memory storing one or more programs, which when executed by the one or more processors, cause the electronic device to perform operations including: detecting a stylus input, made using the stylus, at a point on the touch-sensitive display that corresponds to content displayed on the touch-sensitive display; while the stylus continues to be detected at the point on the touch-sensitive surface, continuing to detect the stylus input; and in response to the continued detection of the stylus input: in accordance with a determination that the stylus input includes a menu display input, displaying a menu proximate to the point on the touch-sensitive display; and in accordance with a determination that the stylus input does not include the menu display input, preparing to perform a content manipulation operation with the content instead of displaying a menu proximate to the point on the touch-sensitive display.   Claim 13: The electronic device of claim 12, wherein the stylus includes a button, and the menu display input is a press of the button on the stylus.   Claim 17: The non-transitory computer readable storage medium of claim 14, wherein the menu display input includes a predetermined number of repetitions of an input in which the pressure of the stylus increases on the touch-sensitive display and then decreases.   Adding a button to Apple Pencil could open up new options for professional usage as it acts like a mouse to a certain degree which most people know how to use to open menus and so forth. This will be a lot more useful to everyone in contrast to Microsoft's Surface Dial that may work with a few creative apps.   Bloomberg's Mark Gurman had reported back in August 2016 that Apple Pencil would work with a larger array of apps on the iPad in 2017. If this indeed pans out, then this is where Apple Pencil's new radial or pie-chart menu system will likely come into play.   Apple does offer alternative methods of calling up the new radial or pie-chart menus and they may indeed choose this alternative so as to keep the Apple Pencil simple in appearance. For instance, they could choose to use a double tap on the display with the Apple Pencil tip to call up the menu. The idea of course is to have the menu open wherever your pencil is resting rather than having to go to the top of a screen to choose a menu from a traditional option's bar or ribbon.   Apple's patent application 20170097746 was filed back in Q4 2016. You could check out the many patent figures relating to the new menu functions here. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   One last point: The patent's history actually goes all the way back to 2008, way before the iPad came to market. To hide Apple's intent at the time, the patent references the use of pen in context with a "tabletop" device along with whiteboards. Now that we have the iPad Pro and Apple Pencil, the principles of this invention can now extend through to tablets.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on April 06, 2017 at 10:14 AM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple Pencil + | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Patents Reveal High-Tech Fabrics for Future Apple Products Including a MacBook with a Smart Fabric Lid Uniloc Sues Apple on Three Counts of Patent Infringement Covering iOS 7's Frequent Locations Feature & more Apple Patent Reveals an Echo-Like Device while explaining how Siri will coordinate iDevices to perform a Specific Task The Trump Administration is set to meet Top Foreign Business Leaders including Samsung about Investments and More Apple Reportedly Signs on Second Apple Watch Supplier Compal to Crank Up Sales for Q4 Apple's Move to Take Control over its Graphic Chip is likely due to their Next Big Thing: Augmented Reality Apple's High-End iPhone 8 Shipping Date may be slightly pushed out to Mid-Q1 for Technical or Strategic Reasons Apple Patent Reveals a New Security Feature Coming to Siri Dubai News Reveals another Apple Store under Construction that will have a Spectacular View of Dubai Fountain Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Opinions 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-06 Rowan Atkinson Dead: The Story Behind The ‘Mr. Bean’ Death Hoax Which Refuses To Die Entertainment 2017-04-06 ‘Running Man’ Kang Gary Secretly Marries Non-Showbiz Girlfriend, Monday Couple Fans Draw Mixed Reactions Entertainment 2017-04-05 Amazon Prime Members Get To Stream NFL’s ‘Thursday Night Football’ Next Season Entertainment 2017-04-05 Hollywood Calls Out Alec Baldwin’s Claim He Didn’t Know Nikki Reed Was Underage While Filming Sex Scenes News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-04-07 Donald Trump Bombs Syria & Assad Regime With 50 Missiles, Putin Fears More War After U.S. Policy Shift News 2017-04-07 Walt Disney World Guest Arrested For Choking Girl For Blocking Her View Of Wishes Fireworks News 2017-04-06 Trump’s Missile Attack On Syria: What Possible Consequences Lie Ahead For The United States? News 2017-04-06 Trump Orders Attack On Syria In Response To Chemical Attack: Airbase At Shayrat Targeted [Breaking] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-04-07 WWE Rumors: Kurt Angle Vs. Triple H Might Headline ‘WrestleMania 34’ Sports 2017-04-06 Watch West Indies Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st ODI Live Stream: Start Time, Preview Of Series Opener Wrestling 2017-04-06 WWE News: Big Show Lashes Out Backstage After ‘WrestleMania 33’ Match Wrestling 2017-04-06 WWE News: Highest-Rated ‘WrestleMania 33’ Match Announced By Top Wrestling Journalist May Surprise WWE Fans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-04-06 Easter Cakes You And Your Kids Will Love: Recipes For Dirt Cake, Wilton’s, Peeps, Bunny, Carrot And More Fashion, Lifestyle 2017-04-06 Lululemon: Yoga Clothing Global Ad Campaign Set To Target Millennials Lifestyle 2017-04-04 Create Easter Baskets With Real Grass With These Photos, Videos, And Tutorials Lifestyle 2017-04-04 DIY Easter Baskets: String And Balloon Basket Ideas With Photos, Videos, And Tutorials Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-04-01 World Autism Awareness Day: The Truth About Autism Awareness [Opinion] Health 2017-04-01 Cigarette Tax To Impact California Smokers In A Big Way Starting Today Health 2017-03-31 World Autism Awareness Day: Why Nations Are Lighting Up Their Buildings Blue Health 2017-03-29 Hysterectomy Healing: Should Women Who’ve Had Hysterectomies Take Testosterone? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-04-06 Nvidia: Two New Products, One Revolutionary Experience Gaming 2017-04-06 ‘For Honor’ Contracts Can Now Be Completed In PvP Or Against The AI, Duel Event Begins This Weekend Gaming 2017-04-06 Xbox Scorpio: Specs, Tech Superior To Xbox One, But Free Games For Xbox 360 And PS4 Could Decide Popularity? Technology 2017-04-06 New Mac mini 2017 Rumors: An October Release Date, Skylake Chips, 8GB RAM And USB-C BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-04-06 Animal Adventure Park Reveals That April The Giraffe Might Be Feasting Before Giving Birth BuzzWorthy 2017-04-06 Melania Trump’s $5,490 Red Midi-Dress: Sleeveless Valentino Daisy-Embellished Mar-A-Lago Dinner Dress [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-04-06 Melania Trump Target Of Vanity Fair Slam? Parents Of Barron’s Classmates Allegedly Chased For Scoop [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-04-06 National Beer Day: Take The Beer Quiz Challenge Before Pouring A Cold One SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss New Mac mini 2017 Rumors: An October Release Date, Skylake Chips, 8GB RAM And USB-C Technology 0 0 0 April 6, 2017 New Mac mini 2017 Rumors: An October Release Date, Skylake Chips, 8GB RAM And USB-C Simon Alvarez Remember when Apple cared about the Mac mini? That sure was a long time ago. Over the past few years, the Cupertino-based tech giant seemed intent on forgetting its portable, entry-level desktop unit. Even its current iteration, released October 2014, was panned by critics and users alike for the inability of its internals to be manually upgraded. Fortunately, Apple has recently broken its silence about the ubiquitous Mac mini, with Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller stating that the firm considers the little machine as an important product. “On that I’ll say the Mac mini is an important product in our lineup and we weren’t bringing it up because it’s more of a mix of consumer with some pro use. The Mac mini remains a product in our lineup, but nothing more to say about it today.” While Schiller’s statement has assured Apple’s avid fans that the desktop is not going away anytime soon, it remains to be seen how the Cupertino-based tech giant would implement the upcoming updates to the Mac mini, according to an Apple Insider report. Speculations are high, however, that the improvements to the device would be comprised of an overall spec bump. Apple Stays Quiet on the Future of Mac mini but Claims It’s Still an ‘Important Product’ https://t.co/xxSPk9E5KW #Macmini pic.twitter.com/rmv7XWPGUv — iPhone Hacks (@iPhoneHackx) April 5, 2017 One thing that the Mac mini 2017 is expected to get is a new, improved processor. The current iteration of the Mac mini, after all, still uses an extremely outdated Intel Haswell chip. While the chances of Apple equipping the next-generation Mac mini with an Intel Kaby Lake processor are extremely slim, there is a pretty good chance that the upcoming 2017 machine would come fitted with a Skylake processor instead, similar to those found in the 2016 MacBook Pro, according to a MacWorld report. Skylake chips are not the best processors available today, as its successors, the Kaby Lake chips, have already been released to the market. Nevertheless, the processors present a decent and notable upgrade from the mini’s current specs, which is something that users of the portable desktop unit would most likely appreciate. A Core i5 Skylake chip, for example, could still provide users with a decent computing experience, which would be just right considering the Mac mini’s target demographic. Apart from an improved processor, rumors are also high that the new 2017 Mac mini would be given a memory bump. Currently, the entry-level variant of the device is equipped with a measly 4GB of RAM, which is extremely lacking since the machine runs the full version of macOS. With Apple standardizing 8GB of memory in its laptops, it appears safe to assume that the Cupertino-based tech giant would implement the same strategy with its desktop computers as well. .@pschiller: #Apple's #Macmini an 'important product,' staying in lineup https://t.co/q4STrUAT79 pic.twitter.com/7HaELGBCOI — AppleInsider (@appleinsider) April 4, 2017 An entry-level Mac mini with 8GB of RAM would not be revolutionary, but it would be robust enough to provide users with a desktop experience far better than what its current iteration could offer. If any, it would enable everyday users to stream media and create basic content without any hiccups from the portable machine. The 2017 Mac mini is also rumored to embrace USB-C technology. Apple appears set on being one of the firms at the forefront of the USB-C revolution. Thus, it would make perfect sense for the Cupertino-based tech giant would release a revamped Mac mini 2017 with a number of USB-C ports. The release date for the Mac mini 2017 remains unknown, though speculations are high that the device would be released at some point in the year. Initial predictions pointed to a possible March 2017 release, but the month has come and gone. With this, updated speculations are predicting that the next-generation Mac mini would be unveiled sometime around October 2017, together with the 2017 MacBook Pro refresh and a newer, more powerful 12-inch MacBook. [Featured Image by Narith Thongphasuk/ShutterStock] Now Watch This: Google Apologizes For Offensive Youtube Ad Placements Now Read This: Nvidia: Two New Products, One Revolutionary Experience Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, mac, Mac Mini May 13, 2011 The Inquisitr is for sale April 29, 2011 The Royal Wedding Live Blog Apple 14 hours ago New Mac mini 2017 Rumors: An October Release Date, Skylake Chips, 8GB RAM And USB-C 1 day ago Apple Finally Tackles Pro Lineup: MacBook Pro External GPU Compatibility, iMac Pro, And Revamped Mac Pro Comments LATEST HEADLINES Walt Disney World Guest Arrested For Choking Girl For Blocking Her View Of Wishes Fireworks WWE Rumors: Kurt Angle Vs. Triple H Might Headline ‘WrestleMania 34’ Donald Trump Defends Bill O’Reilly, Says: ‘I Don’t Think Bill Did Anything Wrong’ [Opinion] ‘My 600-lb Life’ Assanti Brothers Update: Justin Does An AMA, Reveals Plans Of A Future Without Steven Nvidia: Two New Products, One Revolutionary Experience Animal Adventure Park Reveals That April The Giraffe Might Be Feasting Before Giving Birth Trump’s Missile Attack On Syria: What Possible Consequences Lie Ahead For The United States? Melania Trump’s $5,490 Red Midi-Dress: Sleeveless Valentino Daisy-Embellished Mar-A-Lago Dinner Dress [Photos] Will The United States Go To War With Syria? America Might Be Headed To Full-Scale War, Experts Warn Trump Orders Attack On Syria In Response To Chemical Attack: Airbase At Shayrat Targeted [Breaking] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Roman Reigns Defeated The Undertaker And WWE Fans Still Don’t Care – Getting The Wrong Kind Of Heat [Opinion] 26.2k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Appears To Retire From WWE After ‘Raw’ Goes Off The Air – Delivers Heartfelt Speech 25.1k 0 0 Here’s Why White People Cannot Demand Solidarity [Opinion] 8.7k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Hasn’t Ruled Out Running For President In 2020 6.5k 0 0 Green Warriors: Lee Min-ho Follows In The Footsteps Of Leonardo DiCaprio 3.5k 0 0 WWE News: Jim Ross Discusses Whether Chris Benoit Should Ever Be Inducted Into The WWE Hall Of Fame 1.6k 0 0 Recent Videos Start-up Uber President Jeff Jones Quits Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / New Kids Interactive Book App “The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree” Features Beautiful Animation, Delightful Music & Fun Surprises New Kids Interactive Book App “The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree” Features Beautiful Animation, Delightful Music & Fun Surprises Posted on April 6, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree includes 22 beautiful and richly detailed full-color animated pages, which are accompanied by delightful music and fun surprises that inspire joy for children and parents alike. The app also features “Listen to the Tale” and “Read it Myself” modes, Multilanguage support, bookmarks, and a kid-friendly interface to show or hide text. Cupertino, CA (PRWEB) April 06, 2017 Parents in search of an interactive book app for their child that superbly combines imagination with education, can now head to the App Store and download The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree by developer Emilio Aguirre. The classic heartwarming tale follows the coming-of-age journey of a tiny apple tree living in the middle of an enchanted forest full of giant pine trees, including the tallest and oldest pine tree of all known as the “Extraordinary Blue Pine.” Envious of the massive tree’s ability to touch the stars at night and draw cloudy designs in the sky, the little apple tree struggles miserably to grow higher and higher — that is, until the day a special secret is revealed that changes its destiny forever. In total the Blue Pine and the Apple Tree includes 22 beautiful and richly detailed full-color animated pages, which are accompanied by delightful music and fun surprises. The app also features two reading options: “Listen to the Tale” and “Read it Myself.” The former option lets children sit back and enjoy listening to a narrator weave the spellbinding story. The latter option lets children take the reigns and read at their own pace, which can include re-reading previous pages if they wish. Other special features include: A kid-friendly interface that makes it simple to hide or show the text in either reading mode. Three story narration language options to support multi-lingual development: English, French and Spanish. The option to bookmark favorite pages and return to them anytime. “Parents are always looking for ways to spend quality time with their child in a way that’s enjoyable and playful, and also supports their little one’s development and learning,” commented Emilio Aguirre. “The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree achieves all of these goals in a unique and memorable way. It’s an inspiring story and an interactive experience that will stay with children for many years, and will help them feel that, just like the little apple tree, they can reach for the sky and the stars!” The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree, which features beautiful animation, delightful music and fun surprises, is available from the App Store at: https://itunes.apple.com/app/the-blue-pine-and-the-apple-tree/id1212041901. A dedicated desktop version for macOS is also available from the App Store at: https://itunes.apple.com/app/the-blue-pine-and-the-apple-tree/id1213286753 Both versions include translations in English, French, Spanish, Portuguese and Italian. For additional app information including a video trailer, visit: http://www.emilioaguirre.com/bluepineandappletree/index.html. About Emilio Aguirre Based in Montreal, Canada, Emilio is a talented software engineer with over 6 years experience working in the games industry for companies including Gameloft, Electronic Arts, Hibernum Creations and Ludia Inc. Sparked by a long held desire to create a 3D short for his children, Emilio has passionately created "The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree” as an interactive book to be enjoyed by his children and those around the world. View the full Press Release in the appshout! Newsroom at: http://appshout.d.pr/ffXp For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/appshout/the-blue-pine-and-the-app/prweb14221825.htm Latest News Tim Gullicksen Named Top-Rated Real Estate Agent On Yelp New Kids Interactive Book App “The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree” Features Beautiful Animation, Delightful Music & Fun Surprises Faye Business Systems Group Partners with ON24 Worldgate Achieves Certification to ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System Standards Shady Grove Fertility’s Principal Investigator of Largest Egg Freezing Study, Explains How Number of Eggs a Woman Freezes and Her Age Predict Future Family Size. ArterisIP Advances Machine Learning SoC Design with Ncore 2.0 Cache Coherent Interconnect and Resilience Package 3Degrees and Origin Climate Unite Odawa Group Selects KEYPR As Exclusive Guest Experience Technology Partner Accilent Capital Management: Change in Insider Status of Alto Ventures and Purepoint Uranium Group SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Patriot National (PN) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: May 15, 2017 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 07, 2:53 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple And Samsung Sign Two-Year Supply Contract For iPhone OLED Display Panels By Denisse Moreno On 04/06/17 AT 12:36 PM Close Apple has reportedly signed a two-year deal worth $9 billion with Samsung for OLED panels, news outlets in Korea said, according to DigiTimes. The deal backs up previous rumors pointing to a 10th anniversary iPhone with an OLED screen display. Samsung will ship 70-92 million small size OLED panels to Apple this year, the report said. That could mean 30 percent of iPhone devices shipped in 2017 will feature a curved OLED display, since Apple ships a total of 200 million iPhones a year. Read: iPhone 8 Cost: Price Cut For Apple’s Upcoming Device To Compete With Samsung Galaxy S8+, Report Says Apple’s reported deal with Samsung comes after a recent Nikkei report this week said Apple placed orders for 70 million OLED panels from Samsung. The large order suggests Apple is betting on the iPhone 8 to be a hit when it comes out this fall. IHS Market analyst David Hsieh, who predicted Apple a similar estimate of OLED panels, told Nikkei recently Samsung is gearing up to deliver 95 million OLED panels this year in case “demand exceeds expectations.” He also said some of the 70 million iPhone 8 units might not be shipped to customers until next year. A report last month suggested Apple will release the iPhone 8 in limited quantities. Most of the units may not be available until after the fourth quarter, Barclays analysts said in the note obtained by MacRumors.   Apple Switching To OLED Screens For iPhones OLED displays seem to be phasing out LCD screens. Apart from Apple-Samsung deal, Samsung Display is said to be turning its LCD factory into and OLED facility, with the company’s total investments for OLED production lines possibly reaching KRW10 trillion ($8.8 billion) this year, reports from Korea said. Read: iPhone 8 Rumors: Himax Technologies Joins Supply Chain For 3D Sensors On Upcoming Apple Smartphone A report last month said Apple will use OLED display screens for all iPhone models by 2019. Between 2017 and 2018, Apple and Samsung will dominate the OLED supply by taking 70 percent of global production of OLED panels, if Apple gets 75 million OLED panels. Meanwhile, other companies like Huawei will struggle to secure OLED panels for their products. Apple is expected to release the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus, with LCD panels, alongside the OLED display iPhone 8 this September. Related Stories Apple Reportedly Orders 70 Million OLED Panels For iPhone 8 From Samsung iPhone 8, iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus To Come With True Tone Displays Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business French Montana Pulls A Don Imus The rapper had some choice words for a Twitter user that has sparked a social media uproar over race. Technology Microsoft Surface Gets Higher Customer Satisfaction Rating Than iPad The report noted that with an overall satisfaction score of 855 on a 1,000-point scale, Microsoft topped the list mostly for its design, styling and features. World Other Nations May Exploit Crisis In Venezuela: US Admiral Venezuela is witnessing triple-digit inflation with shortage of foods and medicines leading to protests against the socialist government. National Scarlett Johansson Disappointed By Ivanka Trump's Actions Scarlett Johansson condemned Ivanka Trump for statements made during her CBS News interview with Gayle King earlier this week. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple faces lawsuit over 'Error 53' iPhone bricking scandal Listen | Print By James Walker     14 hours ago in Technology Apple has been sued by Australia's consumer watchdog for allegedly deliberately bricking iPhones which had received screen repairs completed by third party repair shops. Affected devices were left displaying the infamous "Error 53" warning indefinitely. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) is now seeking injunctions, declarations and costs against Apple after filing a lawsuit on the case yesterday. As Reuters reports, the court filing describes how Apple allegedly breached Australian law by "bricking" phones with a software update. The Error 53 controversy started a year ago when many iPhone 6 and 6s owners found their repaired handsets unusable after installing a software update. Replacing the home button triggered a security mechanism in iOS that prevented the phones from booting. Because screen repairs commonly involve modifying the button, customers were left with bricked phones if they'd previously had a cracked display replaced. The change was delivered silently in an over-the-air software update. After facing a barrage of criticism for suddenly disabling users' phones, Apple later backtracked and explained the cause of the Error 53 message. Last February, it said the warning "wasn't intended to affect customers" and announced that it would allow affected owners to recover their phones through iTunes. This step hasn't impacted on the case now presented to Apple. ACCC chairman Rod Sims noted that Apple shouldn't have the right to abruptly disable a user's phone for using a third-party repair shop. Before the company conceded to the press coverage of the issue, Apple told customers to approach it for help but noted it would not provide a "remedy" for free. "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer's warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," Sims said to Reuters. The court documents describe Apple's activities as "misleading" and "deceptive," intentionally seeking to hide the purpose of the software update from customers. If the lawsuit is successful, Apple could be required to pay penalties of up to A$1.1 million ($829,000 USD) per breach of Australian consumer law. The court will determine how many breaches occurred. Apple has previously seen off an Error 53-based case. Last year, a U.S. district judge dismissed a class action lawsuit against the company, saying there was insufficient evidence from the plaintiffs to support their allegations of Apple's false advertising. The company refunded the customers involved the cost of their devices. Error 53 was killed off in February 2016 when Apple released a patch for iOS to disable the warning. The security check was originally used in iPhone factories to confirm the Touch ID sensors fitted on the production line function correctly. Instructions on how to recover phones affected by the message are available on Apple's website. More about Apple, iPhone, error 53, Smartphones, Mobile More news from Apple iPhone error 53 Smartphones Mobile Lawsuit consumer rights Latest News Top News U.S. strikes Assad airfield in response to chemical attack A red line already crossed in Syria Op-Ed: Changing the question on covefage of the Syrian attack Review: John Mayer phenomenal at Madison Square Garden in New York Special Afghan martial arts bout reveals a nation divided Syrian refugees settle in Egypt, give up on West North and South Korea face off on Pyongyang football field US launches missile strike on Syria airbase New Apple Watch tipped to arrive this year as interest falls Review: Chrissie Hynde and The Pretenders rock the new Nassau Coliseum Special Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Share Tweet New iPad (2017) review: An affordable but underspecced update Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics How to get a black screen front on a red iPhone 7 Apple spring event news iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours iPad Pro 2 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews iPad iPad (2017) review iPad (2017) review The new iPad 2017 has a great price tag, but its specs list leaves something to be desired. Who is this tablet aimed at? by David Price | 06 Apr 17 A9 64bit processor with M9 co-processor 9.7-inch 2048 x 1536 (264ppi) touchscreen display 32GB or 128GB of storage 8Mp rear-facing camera and 1.2Mp front-facing camera 1080p HD video recording Two-speaker audio 240mm x 169.5mm x 7.5mm 469g/478g Price RRP: £339 (32GB, Wi-Fi only); £429 (128GB, Wi-Fi only); £469 (32GB, Wi-Fi + cellular); £559 (128GB, Wi-Fi + cellular), US$329 (32GB, Wi-Fi only); US$429 (128GB, Wi-Fi only); US$459 (32GB, Wi-Fi + cellular); US$559 (128GB, Wi-Fi + cellular) Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers iPad (2017) review Welcome to our review of Apple's new iPad (2017). To read about the rest of the range, turn to our iPad buying guide 2017, and our reviews of the iPad Pro 9.7 and iPad Pro 12.9. Quietly, and without the fanfare of a press event, Apple has launched its latest iPad, branded in most cases simply 'iPad'; the Air branding is no more. Slightly complicating matters, Apple frequently calls it the "iPad (5th generation)" in official documents, while pundits - including the editors of the product's Wikipedia page - have been squabbling over whether to call it that, or "7th generation", or "iPad (2017 edition)". To make things easier we'll be referring to it as the iPad 2017 throughout this article. The iPad 2017, which appears to replace the iPad Air 2 in Apple's lineup (the iPad mini 2 has also disappeared from the store, although both the Air 2 and mini 2 are still available for education buyers), represents an affordable option for those who don't need the flashier, more expensive but better equipped iPad Pro. Read next: Best iPad deals | Buy iPads from Apple New iPad 2017 preview: Design and build quality The iPad 2017 has the same chassis design as the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, with the same elegantly chamfered edges curving gently to the back of the device. In fact the chamfered edge itself now has a slightly brushed matt finish, as opposed to the mirror shine on previous iPads of this design, but it's otherwise essentially the same. That's not - or at least not straightforwardly - a bad thing, since it's an attractive and classic design. But as with the iPhone 7 we have to point out that even great designs do age eventually; tablet buyers are reluctant to upgrade their devices at the best of times, without Apple refusing to refresh its iPad template from time to time. We look forward eagerly, therefore, to something a little different for the iPad Pro 2. The new iPad is backward-looking in other ways, too. It's thicker and heavier than the Pro and Air 2 alike - which each measure 6.1mm and 437g/444g for the Wi-Fi and cellular models - but the same length and width. You have to go back to 2013's iPad Air 1, inf act, to find a model with the same dimensions. Vital statistics: 240mm x 169.5mm x 7.5mm; 469g/478g In fact, it's fascinating (to an iPad nerd like me) to look at the four most recent 9.7-inch models and see which elements of the various layouts Apple has cherry-picked for the iPad 2017. The new model comes with two speakers, like the Air 1 and 2, not the four you get on the iPad Pro 9.7in. The bottom speaker grills are the same as on the Air 2: they're arranged in two single rows (unlike the double rows of the Air 1), and they're not as far apart as on the Pro. It comes in the same colours as the Air 2 (gold but not pink - see below); it has Touch ID, and there's no mute/portrait orientation switch, both like the Air 2 and Pro; but the SIM tray is low down on the righthand side, like on the Air 1. In most exterior respects, then, this is a retread of 2014's iPad Air 2, with two main exceptions: it's as heavy and as thick as the iPad Air 1, and it has that device's unlaminated, air-gapped screen (of which more to come). Last year's iPad Pro 9.7in featured a number of small but significant design changes and so far as we can tell this tablet doesn't get any of them. There's only two speakers. It doesn't get the True Tone display. There's no Smart Connector down the lefthand edge (which means you can't connect the Smart Keyboard; it's also not compatible with the Apple Pencil). There's no camera flash. The antenna section at the top of the cellular model is white, instead of matching the rest of the chassis. Other than the brushed-metal chamfers, we've found only one other point of difference from the previous iPads in terms of physical design: the volume buttons are further apart. Colour options The new iPad comes in three colours: silver, gold and Space Grey. There's no Rose Gold, sadly. Screen Let's take a trip back to our review of the iPad Air 1, which we updated following the launch of the Air 2. Here's what we had to say about the screen: "This may simply be down to having less heft behind it, but when you tap or press the screen, it definitely seems to 'flex' more than the screens on the iPad 3 and iPad 4. The result is that the screen feels light and plasticky, rather than the solid glass feeling on the older devices... It's not a major problem, but it undermines the overall feeling of physical quality that one expects from an iPad. And after using the iPad Air 1 for more than a year, it's not something we've got used to, or stopped finding mildly annoying. "We were keen, when the Air 2 came out, to see if this issue had been tackled. And sure enough, the more compressed design of the Air 2 - in which the elements of the display have been by necessity squeezed closer together, and air pockets removed - results in a screen that is firmer to the touch." Well, that step forward made by the Air 2 in 2014, we are sorry to report, has now been reversed. The iPad 2017, for reasons known only to Apple, has an unlaminated screen with an air gap under the display. You'll find that it yields the tiniest fraction when you press down: not much by any means, but enough to notice. The specs of the screen are largely iPad-standard: a resolution of 2048 x 1536 and a pixel density of 264ppi. But it misses out on the True Tone colour adjustment feature and anti-reflective coating of the Pro. It's still a decent screen - bright, sharp and colourful - but a small step down from the Pro offering. Features The new iPad comes with many but by no means all of the features you get with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro; there are no new features here that we are aware of. It has Touch ID and Apple Pay, and 4G internet connectivity; the usual stuff. Apple claims a 10-hour battery life. We'll add figures once we've finished testing, but we can confirm that the iPad 2017 has a battery with an impressive (for Apple) capacity of 8,827 mAh. That compares to 7,340 mAh on the Air 2 and 7,306 mAh on the 9.7-inch Pro, and may explain the device being (comparatively!) thick and heavy. We entertain high hopes. The new iPad 2017 is not compatible with either the Apple Pencil or the Smart Keyboard that iPad Pro users get to use - in fact it hasn't got a Smart Connector. It also doesn't get the Retina Flash and True Tone camera features of the iPad Pro, something which will turn up again in the specs section. Speed testing  We've already established that the iPad 2017 has a higher battery capacity than its predecessors; the only other noteworthy area in which it surpasses even the iPad Air 2 is processor choice. It comes with an A9 chip, which on paper ought to be only slightly slower than the A9X in the two Pro models (although the 12.9-inch model's extra RAM should increase its advantage here) and significantly faster than the A8 in the mini 4 and the A8X in the Air 2, left alone the A7 in the iPad Air 1. This is all getting a bit woolly so let's look at some benchmark scores. Except where specified, all devices tested were given a complete reset and updated to iOS 10.3.1 for the tests. First up, GeekBench 4's CPU test. GeekBench 4 speed tests iPad Air 1: 1358 (single), 2317 (multi) iPad Air 2: 1823 (single), 4343 (multi) iPad 2017: 2539 (single), 4340 (multi) iPad Pro 9.7: 3011 (single), 5073 (multi) Higher scores are better. The Pro comes top, as expected, but there's clear water between the iPad 2017 in second place the Airs behind, at least in single-core mode; it's pretty much a dead heat between the iPad and the Air 2 in multi-core mode. Now a graphics benchmark: GFXBench Metal iPad Air 1: 3.5fps (Manhattan 3.1), 11.2fps (Manhattan), 23.1fps (T-Rex) iPad Air 2: 11.7fps (Manhattan 3.1), 29.3fps (Manhattan), 41.6fps (T-Rex) iPad 2017: 18.5fps (Manhattan 3.1), 28.6fps (Manhattan), 56.1fps (T-Rex) iPad Pro 9.7: 25.4fps (Manhattan 3.1), 37.6fps (Manhattan), 59.9fps (T-Rex) Again, higher scores are better; averages taken from multiple tests. Overall the iPad 2017 outperformed the Air 2 by a clear margin, although in one component of the test (Manhattan, a less demanding test than Manhattan 3.1) the Air 2 edged ahead. The Pro was way out in front throughout, while the Air 1 was left for dead. Finally, a JavaScript browser test: JetStream 1.1 iPad Air 1: 57.9 iPad Air 2: 88.0 iPad 2017: 126.5 iPad Pro 9.7: 151.0 Higher scores are better; averages taken from multiple tests. This the iPad 2017's best performance, and its clearest win over the Air 2. Tech specs Here are the full tech specs of the new iPad 2017, with comments regarding how they compare to the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and/or iPad Air 2. Read next: Inside the new iPad 2017 - component teardown. A9 64bit processor with M9 co-processor (faster - Apple reckons 1.6x faster for general processing - than the iPad Air 2's A8X, but slower than the iPad Pro's A9X) 9.7-inch 2048 x 1536 (264ppi) touchscreen display (same specs as iPad Pro 2 but missed out on that device's True Tone display and anti-reflective coating) 32GB or 128GB of storage (the iPad Pro offers both plus a very expensive 256GB option at the top end) 2GB RAM 8Mp rear-facing camera and 1.2Mp front-facing camera (compares to 12Mp and 5Mp respectively on iPad Pro. The new iPad also misses out on the Pro's Live Photos and Retina Flash features, and the rear-facing flash) 1080p HD video recording (the Pro offers 4K) Two-speaker audio (the Pro has four speakers) 240mm x 169.5mm x 7.5mm; 469g/478g (it's heavier and thicker than the 9.7in iPad Pro - which measures 6.1mm and 437g/444g for the Wi-Fi and cellular models - but is the same length and width) When will the new iPad go on sale in the UK? You'll be able to pre-order the new 9.7in iPad from Friday 24 March at 3.01pm in the UK. Pre-order direct from Apple here. How much does the new iPad cost in the UK? Here are the UK prices: iPad 2017 (32GB, Wi-Fi only): £339 iPad 2017 (128GB, Wi-Fi only): £429 iPad 2017 (32GB, Wi-Fi + cellular): £469 iPad 2017 (128GB, Wi-Fi + cellular): £559 How does this compare to other iPads? It's a lot cheaper than the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, for one thing: iPad Pro 9.7in (32GB, Wi-Fi only): £549 [£210 more] iPad Pro 9.7in (128GB, Wi-Fi only): £639 [£210 more] iPad Pro 9.7in (256GB, Wi-Fi only): £729 [n/a] iPad Pro 9.7in (32GB, Wi-Fi + cellular): £669 [£200 more] iPad Pro 9.7in (128GB, Wi-Fi + cellular): £759 [£200 more] iPad Pro 9.7in (256GB, Wi-Fi + cellular): £849 [n/a] The iPad 2017 is also a bit (about £40) cheaper than the iPad Air 2 which it replaces: the Air 2 started at £379 for 32GB and Wi-Fi. We discussed the new iPad on our podcast here: OUR VERDICT We've heard this described as the iPad: Education Edition; you might also think of it as the iPhone 5c of Apple's tablet range. However you put it, this is an unexpectedly cheap offering, but one that is also frequently low-specced and has a design that's mostly lifted from a product that's two and a half years old, and in some cases from one that's three and a half years old. It's all rather odd. There are chinks of light. While much of the technology here feels out of date, one key spec, the processor, does not, and the A9 chip helped the iPad to produce consistently decent results in our benchmarking tests - not Pro-fast, but solid. We also like the sound of that 8,827 mAh battery unit, although we can't comment further until our tests are finished. That lovely big battery, of course, is the most likely reason for the iPad's weight gain, and we're inclined to forgive this betrayal of the immutable law that says every tablet must be thinner and faster than the one that came before. iPads have been quite thin enough for a long time, and this is no exception. In fact we wish smartphone designs would follow a similar path and prioritise battery life over ever more absurd feats of miniaturisation, although we doubt everyone would agree. So forget the thickness - it's the unlaminated screen that really bothers us, and feels like an economy (if that's the reasoning) too far. An iPad lives and dies by its screen, which should look and feel great. This one looks great but feels a bit cheap. Still, while this isn't the iPad we'd go for, the iPad 2017 and its low-end price tag and mostly low-end spec list might be a good fit for schools and casual users; and the reported success of the iPhone SE suggests there is a market for Apple products that are behind the times in terms of spec but come in at a more appealing price point. Tags: iPad Share this article Share Tweet   Comments Find the best price Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers Comments Advertisement Xbox Scorpio latest rumours - release date, UK price and specs 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Adobe releases updates to Adobe Illustrator and InDesign iPad (2017) review Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Share Tweet iPhone 8 is said to cost $1000, may be delayed until November Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics How to get a black screen front on a red iPhone 7 Apple spring event news iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours iPad Pro 2 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home News iPhone News iPhone 8 latest rumours - release date, UK price, features & specs iPhone 8 latest rumours - release date, UK price, features & specs We round up rumours of the iPhone 8's release date, UK price, tech specs, new features and more. Latest: Multiple sources predict the 2017 iPhone will miss its expected September launch, due to delays related to its new 3D camera, and that it will be called 'iPhone Edition' by David Price | 06 Apr 17 Contents When will the iPhone 8 be released? What will the next iPhone be called? Where will the iPhone 8 be built? What will the iPhone 8 look like? What new features will we see on the iPhone 8? What tech specs will the iPhone 8 get? How much will the iPhone 8 cost in the UK? Leaked images and videos of the iPhone 8 When will the new iPhone 8 be released in the UK, and how different will it be from the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus? (Click here to read the latest version of this article.) The iPhone 8 rumour mill is heating up, particularly in light of the fact that 2017 is the 10th anniversary of the launch of the iPhone. There are high hopes for the next model. It's been variously suggested that the late-2017 iPhone will feature wireless charging, augmented reality and no physical buttons at all; analysts are calling it the iPhone 8, or the iPhone X, or the iPhone Edition. Some sources even think that the curvy 'teardrop' design of the next model will make it closely resemble the original iPhone. In this article, we round up all the rumours about the iPhone 8: its UK release date (and onsale date), UK price, tech specifications and new features. There's a lot to cover, so let's get started. (We also look at new iPhone rumours here: iPhone 7s rumours.) For advice on the current iPhone range, read our iPhone buying guide and best cheap iPhone deals UK. Or, if you'd like to look even further into the future (covering tech developments that come perilously close to the realms of science-fiction), read iPhone 9 and beyond: From graphene to motion charging. Thumbnail image is a concept illustration by Handy Abo Vergleich. When will the iPhone 8 be released? The iPhone 8 is likely to be released in September 2017, but there are whispers of a delay. Apple's latest batch of smartphones, the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, were released in the autumn of 2016. (Read more: iPhone 7 review and iPhone 7 Plus review.) Apple always releases new iPhones in September, and we assume this year will be the same. Delays Logic and history both point to September, then, but multiple sources are suggesting that Apple may miss its usual date with smartphone destiny. Digitimes has predicted that "production for the new OLED iPhone is unlikely to start until September due to the redesigned fingerprint ID solution", and KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has stated that the expected new 3D camera system will cause delays: "Unless production of the OLED iPhone (expected to begin in September) gets pushed back, there is virtually no time to make changes to the 3D camera system." (Both via Business Insider.) ST Microelectronics, the company tipped to make this component for Apple, are - according to SlashGear's sources - struggling to hit volume targets and have requested additional time, although it's unclear at this point if the reported "small fire" at ST Microelectronics' manufacturing plant is a factor in all this. There's one point of optimism: BlueFin Research Partners claim that production of the iPhone 8 is ramping up earlier than expected; while they "have no indication that there has been any change in release plans for the iPhone 8/X", this does suggest that Apple has a handle on its schedule. What will the next iPhone be called? It's widely believed that Apple will release three new iPhones in autumn 2017: iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus and iPhone 8, with the iPhone 8 getting the flagship features. Apple releases a full-version iPhone update every other year - such as iPhone 4, iPhone 5, iPhone 6 - and a more limited 'S' update in between - iPhone 4s, iPhone 5s and 5c, iPhone 6s. So, based on previous behaviour, we ought to get an iPhone 7s and an iPhone 7s Plus in September. But it's possible that Apple won't continue the S strategy for much longer. Many of us have pointed out that the 'tick-tock' system is a risky policy. When the average user hears that the new iPhone hasn't even been considered worthy of a full version number upgrade, they'll be put off from spending money on it. Not to mention that an S update is more confusing for buyers. In October 2016 a little extra weight was added to the 'iPhone 8 in 2017' theory. According to Business Insider, an Apple employee in Israel who solders components spoke to them about the next iPhone and referred to it as the iPhone 8 "unprompted in our conversation". Making predictions about the upcoming performance of Apple stock, analysts at Credit Suisse forecast that the iPhone 8, to be released on the iPhone's 10-year anniversary in 2017, will skip the 'S' generation in recognition of its major updates. Here's a leftfield prediction: Apple may not call its late-2017 smartphone the iPhone 7s or the iPhone 8, but the iPhone X. Timothy Arcuri, an analyst at Cowen and Company, has sent out a research note to clients predicting that the late-2017 iPhone update will be branded as iPhone X - X in this case evidently signifying the Roman numeral for 10, since the iPhone is celebrating its 10th birthday in 2017. Mac Otakara is now predicting that the late-2017 iPhone will be called 'iPhone Edition'. This would echo the branding of the most expensive model of Apple Watch, and thus impart a certain premium feel. Finally, Forbes reckons Apple is going to stop using version numbers altogether, simply calling its next smartphone 'iPhone', with an iPhone SE, iPhone Plus and iPhone Pro alongside. Macworld poll: What do you think Apple will call its next iPhone? Where will the iPhone 8 be built? Donald Trump spent much of his presidential campaign complaining about Apple and its offshore manufacturing operations, and promising he would make the company build its iPhones in the US. Now he's trying to make his promises a reality. Read more: Where are Apple products made? Speaking to the New York Times, Trump claimed to have spoken on the phone with Tim Cook and reached a degree of understanding about the matter. "I got a call from Tim Cook at Apple," reported Trump, "and I said, 'Tim, you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build a big plant in the United States, or many big plants in the United States, where instead of going to China, and going to Vietnam, and going to the places that you go to, you're making your product right here.' He said, 'I understand that.'" Apple has its reasons for building its smartphones in Asia, of course: labour costs are lower and there is, according to Cook, a shortage of relevant skills in the US. Moving manufacturing to America would lose Apple a lot of money. But Trump thinks he can sweeten the deal. "I said: 'I think we'll create the incentives for you, and I think you're going to do it. We're going for a very large tax cut for corporations, which you'll be happy about.' But we're going for big tax cuts, we have to get rid of regulations, regulations are making it impossible." What Trump did not claim - and past behaviour suggests he'd be singing it from the rooftops - is that Cook actually agreed to any of this, even in principle. Since then, Trump has stated in an interview with Axios that Tim Cook has his "eyes open" to the idea of building iPhones in the US, and that he "really believes [Cook] loves this country and I think he'd like to do something major here", whatever that means. Foxconn's US expansion There was another twist in this tale when it emerged on 7 December 2016 that iPhone manufacturer Foxconn is indeed pondering an expansion of its (currently relatively small-scale) US operations, in a move that is apparently expected to involve $7bn of investment and create 50,000 jobs. Eagle-eyed journalists spotted that paperwork being shown off to publicise SoftBank's US investment deal also featured Foxconn's logo, and appeared to suggest that the second figure in each pair of numbers referred to that company. (Picture credit: CNBC) Foxconn has since confirmed that it is in talks about expanding its US operations, although it has declined to comment on the figures given. "While the scope of the potential investment has not been determined, we will announce the details of any plans following the completion of direct discussions between our leadership and the relevant US officials," the firm said in a statement, according to Reuters. Design: What will the iPhone 8 look like? The year 2017 (June the 29th, to be precise) marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, and some suggest that Apple will want to come up with a real blockbuster of a redesign to celebrate. Noted tech blogger Robert Scoble has posted an exhaustive list of predictions for next year's iPhone, and he expects big things. "It's the 10th anniversary of the iPhone," he writes. "It's the first product introduction in Apple's new amazing headquarters. It's a big f**king deal and will change this industry deeply." (Those are Scoble's asterisks.) Design-wise, he expects that the iPhone 8 "will be, I am told, a clear piece of glass (er, Gorilla Glass sandwich with other polycarbonates for being pretty shatter resistant if dropped) with a next-generation OLED screen (I have several sources confirming this)." He also says to expect "battery and antennas to be hidden around the edges of the screen, which explains how Apple will fit in some of the pieces even while most of the chips that make up a phone are in a pack/strip at the bottom of the phone". But the range of features Scoble is expecting is overwhelming. You really need to read the post for yourself. Scoble isn't the only one predicting a big redesign for 2017. Here's what we expect. What will the iPhone 8 be made of? 9to5Mac has got hold of a report from the ever-quotable and usually reliable Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities - a report that predicts, based on the popularity of the scratch-prone Jet Black iPhone 7, that the iPhone 8 will have a (more scratch-resistant) glass front and back. "If Apple does follow through with what KGI suggests, an all-glass design could extend the glossy finish to all colours of the iPhone lineup depending on how Apple handles the design," 9to5mac says. DigiTimes (a Chinese-language website), predicts that the chassis of the iPhone 8 will be made of stainless steel and supplied by Jabil rather than the more usual manufacturing partner Foxconn, citing sources in the Asian supply chain. The site later clarified that it expects the iPhone 8 to be made of glass and steel, but that the iPhone 7s may still be made of aluminium alloy. This would be something of a surprise, given Apple's clear recent preference for aluminium; the iPhone 4s had steel bands around a glass body, but it's been all aluminium ever since. And we understand that the engineering method will be different this time: whereas the iPhone 4s was milled, the iPhone 7 metalwork will be forged, a technique that confers greater strength. How about a bit of drop-resistance? Based on patent activity, Apple is devising a viscoelastic material that would absorb impacts. The patent could make sense in all of Apple's mobile devices and laptops, but the iPhone is the obvious area to begin. Korea Herald's "source familiar with the matter", meanwhile, predicts the iPhone 8 will have a display that is made of plastic. "The OLED versions of the new iPhone will all have curved screens as Apple ordered only plastic OLED - not glass - from Samsung Display," reports the source. "Samsung is capable of supplying a little less than 100 million units." iPhone screens are already far tougher than your average piece of glass (they're made of a proprietary material called Gorilla Glass), but they do sometimes crack or even shatter when dropped. Sapphire screens would be more resistant still, and Apple is already using sapphire in the display of the Apple Watch: it's possible that the company is now ready to import this material into its smartphone line-up. Read more: What is Sapphire glass, and why is it a good idea for the iPhone? Rumoured plans to rely on an Apple-backed sapphire plant in Arizona (which had the capacity to manufacture 200 million 5-inch iPhone displays per year) fell through. But more recent reports suggest that long-term Apple supplier Foxconn is gearing up to build its own sapphire plant in Taiwan at a cost of $2.6bn. Curved screen (probably OLED) Wall Street Journal sources claim that the iPhone 8 will have a flexible curved display like the one featured on Samsung's Galaxy S6 Edge. The report is behind a paywall here. This model of the iPhone will apparently cost $1,000 as a premium option. They will be OLED screens, supplied initially by Samsung. (At present, iPhones use LCD displays, but the Apple Watch uses OLED.) A Business Korea report claims that Apple intends to move the line up to OLED displays as it would offer better colour saturation, accuracy, and brightness. Apparently this new phone won't arrive until 2018, though. This isn't the first prediction of a curved-screen iPhone. In January 2017, the Journal reported that the screen maker Japan Display, which already works with Apple, is ready to start building curved displays. And Korean sources in March 2017 claimed that a curvy 'teardrop' design would make the late-2017 iPhone closely resemble the very first iPhone released back in 2007. Nikkei, meanwhile, reckon the iPhone 8 will be curved, but with a "gentler" curve than the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. In February 2017, however, Research firm TrendForce contradicted these predictions. "Apple will not implement the curved display design for the high-end iPhone," said the firm, "because there are issues with the 3D glass in terms of production yield and drop test results." According to KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has often correctly predicted upcoming Apple products - the analyst think a forthcoming iPhone could feature a curved 5.8in AMOLED screen. If this rumour is to be true, there would be an understandable shift from Apple to get rid of the headphone jack and produce a smartphone which is immediately distinguishable over its competitors. Apple's Patent 9,146,590 refers to an "electronic device with wrap around display". And essentially it describes a curved screen that allows for more screen elements to be displayed without making the device significantly bigger. While the patent talks about a "flexible display assembly", it's important to note that this isn't a patent for a bendable screen: the flexible portion of the display is attached to the interior surface of the curved transparent housing, which "provides a rigid support structure that prevents deformation". But in January 2015 Apple was awarded a patent that suggests that the company is investigating the idea of a bendable iPhone. The patent suggests that, by making the iPhone flexible, Apple could unlock a new range of controls: the user could open an app by bending the device in a particular way, for example, or use the flexibility to control a game. Additionally, a flexible iPhone flexible ought to be more resistant to impacts and more durable. Samsung Display could be set to make flexible OLED displays for the iPhone 8. It's believed that Samsung is reaching out to display tech companies in South Korea that they can help build the displays, as the order from Apple will be huge. 'Touch Bar' style function area In February 2017 Ming Chi Kuo predicted in an investor's note that the iPhone 8 would have a function area, somewhat like the Touch Bar on the 2016 MacBook Pro. That might seem a bit odd, given that the Touch Bar adds an element of software customisability and touchscreen function to an otherwise static and hardware keyboard area, whereas the iPhone's screen is already touchscreen and software-based. It appears the function area will take the place of the (currently non-touchscreen) lower bezel and Home button, and be "an area for functions (e.g. allocation of virtual buttons)", according to Kuo. Edge-to-edge screen Apple has been awarded a patent that covers the embedding of light sensors within the layers of a display, leading to speculation that the firm intends to remove the bezels at the top and bottom of its next iPhone. Indeed, the patent - US Patent 9,466,653 - specifically describes the current requirement for bezels in the background section: "In a typical device, a light sensor is laterally displaced from an active display region of the display along a front face of the device. Additional space is therefore provided in common devices at the top, bottom, or side of the active display area to accommodate the light sensor." Instead, the patent proposes to integrate the sensor within the display: "The light sensor is a display-integrated light sensor that is integrated into the layers of the display. The light sensor may [be] interposed between the cover layer and another layer of the display such as the touch-sensitive layer, the light-generating layers, or another display layer." In January 2017 yet another patent was added to the pile of evidence that Apple plans to give the iPhone 8 an edge-to-edge screen. Patent 9,543,364, granted on 10 January, covers "Electronic devices having displays with openings" and various means by which Apple would be able to hide cameras, sensors and controls behind the screen and still allow the user to access them. Changes to the Home button (and Touch ID) A February 2017 report by Fast Company raised the possibility that the late-2017 iPhone might not have any physical buttons. It cited "a source with knowledge of Apple's plans" for this prediction. In the continuing march of miniaturisation, one of the elements of the iPhone design that's proved resistant to shrinkage is the bezel below the screen - it can't get much smaller than it already is because it needs to house the Home button. Which is why a recurring theory is that Apple will extend the screen down past the Home button, or even incorporate the Touch ID sensor that lives in the recent iPhones' Home button into the touchscreen. Technology that would facilitate such a development has been announced by a biometric R&D company called Sonavation. The tech would enable Apple to run the screen vertically edge-to-edge, with no cut-out for the Home button. The Home button could occupy the same position but appear only when needed, much like the software keyboard; and the technology for Touch ID would be bonded to the underside of the screen at the appropriate point. Last year Apple filed a patent that appeared to back up the theory that it's looking into ideas like this. Patent application number 20150036065, for "a fingerprint sensor... incorporated in a display stack in an electronic device", was filed by a number of Apple's engineers in April 2014 and published recently. Apple has been granted a patent - a different one - that also appears to refer to a Touch ID fingerprint sensor that can work through a screen. Patent 9,460,332 describes a "Capacitive fingerprint sensor including an electrostatic lens": more intriguingly for our purposes, it states that "one or more other device components, such as a display stack and/or a touchscreen may be interposed between the contact surface of dielectric structure 202 and array 206 of capacitive sensing elements". Here's one more patent for you, this one published on 14 February 2017 (but filed back in 2013), that points to the Touch ID sensor being built into the screen. US patent 9,570,002, which is titled 'Interactive display panel with IR diodes', addresses methods for incorporating a light sensor into a screen, and the ways this could be used. It focuses on the idea of dual-purpose interactive pixels, "each interactive pixel comprising an infrared emitting light emitting diode (IR emitting LED) and a sensing infrared diode (sensing IR diode)". The display would thus be capable of both emitting and sensing light. Finally, DigiTimes' sources report that Apple is planning to use its own Touch ID fingerprint-sensing technology in the iPhone 8 rather than the alternatives it was understood to be considering. "Apple has selected neither Synaptics' Natural ID touch fingerprint sensor nor Qualcomm's Sense ID fingerprint technology for its new OLED iPhones," says the site, "and decided to use its own Authentec algorithm combined with Privaris glass identification technology to redesign a new fingerprint ID solution, according to industry sources." (Via MacRumors.) Korea Herald cites "a source familiar with the matter" when reporting that Apple is exploring "new sensing technologies" that could substantially change the way Touch ID works. "The upcoming iPhone may use new sensing technology," explains the site's source, "which enables the phone to respond when users touch any side of the device. But Apple may not adopt this technology." The source doesn't specify whether the new sensors are connected to Touch ID, but it seems likely: all the talk of removing bezels and physical Home buttons and expanding the screen is going to necessitate finding a new location for the fingerprint scanner. If the iPhone becomes able to sense and analyse fingerprints on any edge, that would even remove the need for a specific Touch ID 'action' - you'd just need to pick the phone up. Some rumours suggest Apple is working on keeping the Home button and adding more features to it. There are two patents that have sparked these rumours. The first is a dynamic home button that is sensitive to gestures: you'd be able to swipe across it, or lean a thumb in one direction to scroll the screen of a game, for example, that way.  The second is pretty far out there. Essentially the concept is this: the Home button on the iPhone would be able to 'pop up' on a little spring and turn into a sort of mini-joystick for playing games. There are plenty of iOS games that would benefit from a hardware controller (this explains the enduring popularity of Bluetooth gaming controller accessories) and this sounds like a lot of fun. Read more: Best iPhone (and iPad) games But gamers remain only one section of the iPhone's audience, and it seems like a risky idea to potentially compromise the resilience of everyone's iPhone Home button (which has famously been very prone to breakage in the past) for a feature that would benefit only some users. Apparently they aren't the only options that Apple is considering for the iPhone 8, if the latest rumours are anything to go by. According to iDrop News, Apple has decided to move the Touch ID scanner to the rear of the smartphone, much like with Huawei's P9. Per the site's unnamed source, Apple has apparently been testing fingerprint technology beneath the display, but the technology is still in its infancy and isn't ready for prime-time this year.  Oddly enough, the site's source also claims that Apple will take a rather odd move with the high-end iPhone and offer a vertical dual-lens camera setup as opposed to a horizontal one available on the iPhone 7 Plus.  Both would be odd moves from Apple looking back at previous iPhones, so we're taking this rumour with a pinch of salt.  USB-C The WSJ claims the new iPhone 8 will drop the Lightning port in favour of USB Type-C. This would be a huge call, so soon after Apple removed the headphone port on the principle that the Lightning port was a better alternative. And there are other reasons to be sceptical: Apple is rarely swayed by demands for universal rather than proprietary ports, and everybody yelled last time the company switched out the 30-pin connector in favour of Lightning - a lot of accessory makers (and accessory owners) would be sorely inconvenienced. We're not entirely convinced, to say the least. And neither is Ming Chi Kuo, who thinks the iPhone 8 will fast-charge through the Lightning port rather than bringing in USB-C. He predicts that Apple will tweak the underlying power management technology, adding "Type-C Power Delivery", rather than replacing the Lightning port altogether. The Verge believes this means that the cable will have Lightning on one end and USB-C on the other, although this isn't specified in the research note. New colour options There have been various rumours about new colour finishes. A report from Macotakara predicted that the iPhone 7 would come in Silver, Gold, Rose Gold and a new Deep Blue; while this turned out to be mistaken, Samsung's blue flagship phones appear to be among its more popular options and Apple might decide to follow Samsung's lead for the iPhone 8 generation. Designer Martin Hajek created some gorgeous concept images of a Deep Blue iPhone. See more over on Martin's website. What new features will we see on the iPhone 8? That covers design. But what new features should we expect in the iPhone 8? Fast charging According to Forbes citing infamous Apple leaker Sonny Dickson, the iPhone 8 could be the first entry in the iPhone series to feature fast charging technology. (The feature has long been requested by users, and is readily available on most if not all of Apple's Android-based competitors.) More specifically, Forbes claims that there will be a new "Tristar 3, Hydra" chip that manages the charging port.  However, it's worth noting that tech may not be compatible with existing fast charging standards as the tech isn't being produced by Qualcomm, which provides "Quick Charge" for Android devices.  In February 2017, analyst Ming Chi Kuo predicted that the iPhone 8 will feature fast-charging technology - delivering this, incidentally, via a tweaked version of the existing Lightning port rather than by bringing in USB-C as was previously expected. He predicts that Apple will add "Type-C Power Delivery" to the Lightning port's spec. Wireless charging Wireless charging didn't arrive with the iPhone 7 as some had predicted, even though Apple has been offering the feature for a while now in the form of the Apple Watch's inductive charging. As iMore's Rene Ritchie points out, inductive charging hasn't been practical for the iPhone because the technology available didn't work through an aluminium backplate, but the Apple Watch can offer wireless charging because it has a ceramic back. In July 2015 Qualcomm announced a wireless charging breakthrough that does work through metal. And the iPhone 8 may have a glass back in any case. So the iPhone's main obstacles to wireless charging are disappearing fast. Indeed, Foxconn - one of the large manufacturing firms that assembles iPhones for Apple - is reported to be testing wireless charging modules that will be included in some or all of the 2017 iPhones if the tests prove satisfactory. Further strong evidence was added to the chances of Apple bringing wireless charging to the next iPhone in February 2017, when it emerged that Apple has joined the Wireless Power Consortium industry group, as spotted by 9to5Mac. Research & analysis firm KGI Securities, and their famous analyst Ming Chi Kuo in particular, released a report in February 2017 making a firm prediction that all three iPhone models to be released in autumn 2017 will feature wireless charging, although Kuo warned that the feature would increase production costs. The charging element will generate more heat so Apple will have to incorporate a graphite layer to protect the 3D Touch component. Ming-Chi Kuo has also previously warned that Apple may bundle the wireless charger with more expensive models only; in February 2017 a report by Macotakara also predicted that this feature will require a separate accessory. Wireless charging sounds amazing, but we should stress that at the moment inductive charging has a very short range; you wouldn't be able to just sit at your desk and have your iPhone (in your pocket) charge from the plug several feet away. Rather, you'd place the device on a wired mat. However, Bloomberg reckons Apple is working on longer-range wireless charging, potentially with a range of about 1 metre using near-field magnetic resonance. And while this seems more of a long shot, some cryptic comments from the CEO of a charging company suggest Apple may be planning something even more ambitious. Steve Rizzone, CEO of Energous, spoke to The Verge before CES 2017 and dropped some big hints about the exclusive and secret "key strategic partnership" that the company signed a couple of years back and which has delayed the launch of its wireless charging tech... which has a range of 15 feet. If you can't wait until the iPhone 8 to start charging your iPhone wirelessly, read How to wirelessly charge your iPhone. Face-detection and iris-recognition In December 2014, USPTO awarded Apple a patent relating to a "personal computing device control using face detection and recognition". Current iPhones and iPads can be unlocked using just your fingerprint, thanks to the Touch ID sensor. But with this patent, future iPhones and other devices could be unlocked using facial recognition: effectively, your face becomes your password. More recently, DigiTimes has predicted that Apple is likely to launch iPhones equipped with iris-recognition technology in 2018; but at the end of August 2016 the site went further, reporting that Taiwan-based Xintec is expected to provide iris scanners to Apple for the iPhone launching in 2017. JPMorgan analyst Rod Hall backed up this theory with his own prediction that the iPhone 8 will have a 3D laser scanner for face recognition, replacing Touch ID. (Working on the current widespread belief that there will be three new iPhones in autumn 2017, Hall says the iPhone 8 will definitely get the scanner, while the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus may or may not.) He expects the scanner to add between $10 and $15 to the production cost per unit. And there's an Apple patent to add to the pile of evidence: US Patent 20170076077, published in March 2017, describes a method for "Locking and unlocking a mobile device using facial recognition". Augmented reality and VR In the Facebook post by Robert Scoble we mentioned earlier, one of the more surprising and detailed predictions concerns augmented reality and VR. "Really amazing VR/AR/mixed reality is coming to a phone, and coming by the end of 2017," Scoble writes. "You pop it into a headset which has eye sensors on it, which enables the next iPhone to have a higher apparent frame rate and polygon count than a PC with a Nvidia 1080 card in it... You'll look through the glass in mixed reality modes (think of a new kind of Pokemon game) either in the headset, or in your hand. Apple's purchase of Metaio is going to prove very key. I won't be shocked to learn that Peter Meier, CTO there, is in charge of the next iPhone strategy and has been for years." He discusses the impact that a mixed-reality iPhone could have on the market. "Apple's entrance into this new world is like when IBM came into the personal computing world. It is that important." Scoble isn't the only pundit predicting that Apple is about to plunge into the world of augmented reality. Business Insider claims the company is already working on ways to integrate AR elements into the iPhone's Camera app. "Apple wants consumers to be able to point the phone at a real-world object and have it be recognised, according to Kris Kolo, director of the VR/AR Association and a board member of Flyby Media, an AR startup that was acquired by Apple earlier this year," writes the site. Business Insider further predicts that the iPhone's camera app will be able to recognise "and manipulate" faces in augmented reality. And we've spotted a recent Apple patent application that appears to back up all this speculation. Patent 9,488,488, for 'Augmented reality maps', describes the use of a mobile device to view live video of whatever is in front of the user, and to then superimpose images related to nearby places of interest on top of the video. Numerous Wall Street analyst firms have dissected the state of augmented reality technology and the likely nature and impact of a mooted 3D camera/scanner appearing in the late-2017 iPhone. Stephen Milunovich of UBS strikes an optimistic note, predicting that "investors could be surprised at how AR could reinvigorate the iPhone/iPad and possibly result in new products" and citing Apple's hardware expertise and large coherent user base as reasons why it can make AR work. Morgan Stanley's researchers are less convinced, raising doubts over widespread consumer appeal (noting the rapid drop-off in interest seen even by Pokemon Go) and questioning whether smartphones will have sufficient processing power. For more analyst comments on AR, we recommend Business Insider's comprehensive review of the material. Read more: Apple VR and augmented reality rumours What tech specs will the iPhone 8 get? It's hard to predict precise specs this far in advance, but it's possible to draw some broad conclusions about where Apple is headed. Let's start with... Screen resolution A report by the Wall Street Journal prophesies that Apple has big things up its sleeve for the next iPhone's screen, after turning out smartphones with lower resolutions than rivals for some years. (If you compare the iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7, for example, you'll see that Apple managed only a 760 x 1334 resolution on its 4.7-inch screen, in comparison to the 1440 x 2560 5.1-inch screen that Samsung had to offer. Comparison possibly isn't the right word to use when the difference is as pronounced as that.) The iPhone 8 will sit in Samsung's shadows no longer, according to the WSJ, which says Apple has asked suppliers to "submit prototype screens with better resolution than ones from Samsung". If this is true - and if the suppliers are able to match Apple's stipulation without pushing up price, weight or dimension, or reducing battery life or fire safety, to a degree that Apple finds unacceptable - then this would imply more than a tripling of the pixel count from one iPhone generation to the next. In February 2017 Ming Chi Kuo predicted that the (5.15in) iPhone 8 will have a resolution of 2,436 x 1,125 and a pixel density of 521ppi, far higher than the iPhone 7's 326ppi. And the 5.8in version of the iPhone 8 - the iPhone 8 Plus, presumably - will have a resolution of 2,800 x 1,242 and a pixel density of 528ppi. Screen size In November 2016, Barclays Research - via MacRumors - released a report predicting that the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus would have 5-inch and 5.8-inch screens respectively, compared to the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. The analysts based the prediction on the testimony of sources within Apple's Asian supply chain. The analysts warned, however, that the design "didn't sound 100 percent locked down" at this point. But in January 2017 the theory was backed up by DigiTimes predicting that Apple will launch a 5.8-inch iPhone in the second half of 2017, citing anonymous sources in the Taiwanese supply chain. And Nikkei forecasts that the next iPhone "will come in three configurations - two with liquid crystal displays and one with a 5.8-inch organic light-emitting diode display". If you're wondering how Apple will fit in that extra screen space - will the phones be bulkier than the current handsets? - then fear not. It's understood that the larger screens will fit in bodies with the same dimensions as the current generation of phones, thanks to a bezel-free design. Processor iPhones contain proprietary processor chips that you won't find in other smartphones: there's an A9 in the iPhone 6s and an A10 Fusion chip in the iPhone 7, for example. But while these are made to Apple's own design and specifications, several other companies are involved: they contain technology licensed from ARM, and are manufactured, at present, by Samsung and TSMC. But that could change by the time 2018 comes around. Intel has declared its intention of expanding its smartphone business, and is hot favourite to displace TSMC from the iPhone contract, according to the Nikkei Asian Review - an aim that may be more feasible thanks to the company's recently announced partnership with ARM. TSMC's ties with ARM have given it a competitive edge when it comes to securing the contract in the past. "Intel is definitely the most formidable challenger for TSMC," said an anonymous chip-industry executive. "There is no rivalry between Apple and Intel so it's really likely that Apple could shift some orders there. The move is also in line with Washington's policy to encourage US companies to make more products at home." Economic Daily News, however, thinks TSMC still has the gig, and will begin production of the A11 in April 2017. The site has little detail of the A11 design, but does say it will be fabricated with a 10 nanometre FinFET process, a significant upgrade from the A10 Fusion's 16 nanometres. RAM The iPhone 7 comes with 2GB RAM, while the iPhone 7 Plus offers 3GB. In February 2017 research firm TrendForce published a report predicting that the iPhone 8 (we assume they mean all models) will have 3GB RAM, which should provide a speed boost for the smaller-screen models. Storage The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus both comes in three storage configurations: 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. (The older iPhone 6s, 6s Plus and iPhone SE are available with 32GB and 128GB only.) The TrendForce report linked above suggests that Apple may phase out the 32GB model for the iPhone 8 generation. The late-2017 iPhones will come in 64GB and 256GB configurations, the firm says. Camera Apple seems to be keen to improve the camera capabilities of its iOS devices, and one patent published by USPTO in May 2014 suggests we could soon see iPhones that are able to capture "Super-resolution" photos thanks to optical image stabilisation, which is already a feature of the iPhone 6 Plus. The patent describes a system that takes a series of photographs at slightly different angles and stitches them together to create a 'super resolution' photograph. Related to the face-recognition tech we discussed earlier, Ming Chi Kuo thinks the anticipated front-facing 3D camera on the iPhone 8 will enable developers to come up with innovative new games and allow users to take 3D selfies. Battery Ming Chi Kuo has predicted that the iPhone 8 will squeeze a battery with a capacity to match the iPhone 7 Plus - 2,700mAH - into a chassis comparable to the iPhone 7. So we could see a significant battery life increase in the next generation of iPhones. Another rumour holds that Apple will take the battery developments it deployed in the 12-inch MacBook - whereby contoured, layered battery units are stacked inside the chassis in order to take up every possible inch of space - and use these to squeeze more battery volume inside the iPhone. Smartphone battery life is one of those things that everyone says is important, and once again Apple will hear many requests for improved battery life in the iPhone 8 - but you do wonder how much of a compromise the average Apple fan would be willing to make in return. As Jony Ive put it in an interview with the Financial Times' 'How to spend it' supplement, "With a bigger battery [the iPhone] would be heavier, more cumbersome, less 'compelling'." I still believe that most people would rather have a thin, relatively cheap iPhone than a fat, more expensive iPhone with an extra two hours of battery life. And since the launch of the battery pack case, anyone who would be willing to make that compromise now has an officially sanctioned alternative. How much will the iPhone 8 cost in the UK? Here are the prices of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus; it's likely that the iPhone 8 will be priced at a similar point. iPhone 7 (32GB): £599 iPhone 7 (128GB): £699 iPhone 7 (256GB): £799 iPhone 7 Plus (32GB): £719 iPhone 7 Plus (128GB): £819 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB): £919 However, there's an alternative theory - that the iPhone 8 (or iPhone Edition) will break the thousand-dollar barrier in the US for the first time (this is according to Fast Company, citing a source "with knowledge of Apple's plans"), which is likely to translate to a UK price of £940 or so. This is backed up by a report from Macrumours citing USB analyst Steven Milunovich. The analyst claims that the base 64GB iPhone 8 will cost between $850-900 in the US, while the high-end 256GB model will set buyers back somewhere between $950-1000. While it seems fairly expensive, it's comparable to Samsung's new Galaxy S8+, which starts at ~$840 in the US.  Leaked images and videos of the iPhone 8 This is where we'll post leaked photos and video of the iPhone 8 and its components that we are able to dig up, as well as concept illustrations created by designers who are not affiliated with Apple. Mockup illustrations with function area, curved edge screen These image were created by AlHasan Husni. You can see how much more screen space would be opened up if Apple removed the side bezels and reduced the size of the top and bottom bezels; the screen, in fact, extends over the curved edges of the side of the device. Husni has also included the rumoured 'function area' along the bottom of the screen, taking the place of the current Home button: Function area used with augmented reality Talking of function areas, take a look at these stunning mockups by Gabor Balogh, which focus on that particular anticipated new design feature, and how it will interact with the also-rumoured new augmented reality features. 'This is 8' concept Here's a lovely iPhone 8 concept - together with some fairly detailed specs - by Handy Abo Vergleich. Concept images & video of edge-to-edge screen With rumours of an edge-to-edge display proving popular, designer Thadeu Brandao got to work on a new concept for the iPhone 8.  Coined as "the next big step" in iPhone design, Brandao's renders look stunning, with the iPhone 8 sporting a nearly bezel-less display and an embedded Home button alongside a completely redesigned iOS 11. Brandao's lovely concepts have been made into a video - an 'iPhone 8 commercial' - and posted on the YouTube channel ConceptsiPhone: Leaked photo of iPhone with Smart Connector According to a report and alleged leak from Mac Otakara, a forthcoming iPhone will feature a smart connector. Mac Otakara claims "the possibility is great" that earlier leaked images are "the real thing", and even went on to claim that the next iPhone could be as thin as 6.1mm, although there was no source provided for this information. Bezel-free iPhone An image render by Marek Weidlich shows us what the iPhone might look like if it had no bezels: Macworld poll - What do you want from your future iPhone? It's your turn. Which of these ideas appeals to you, or are you looking for something else entirely? Have you say in our poll. Tags: iPhone , Rumour Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Xbox Scorpio latest rumours - release date, UK price and specs 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Adobe releases updates to Adobe Illustrator and InDesign iPad (2017) review Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple's Clips Social Media Video App Available for iPhone, iPad Pebble Update Lets Watches Work After Servers Shut Down Samsung Lands 2 Year Deal for Curved OLED iPhone Displays Tips macOS: Putting a Recovery Partition on Your Mac (Without Reinstalling macOS) Get Free Bitcoins from 15 Faucets That (Still) Pay Podcasts Pebble Watches Aren't Dead Yet, Whole-home VPN - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-06 The Mystery of New Mac Pros, Apple and Politics, and Robot Welfare - ACM 405 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Apple and the OODA Loop Problem Ya Gotta Love Free and Useful Stuff for Macs... The Most Important Word Apple Used in its Mac Pro Announcement President Trump Signs Law Erasing Broadband Privacy Protections View All Editorials → Samsung Lands 2 Year Deal for Curved OLED iPhone Displays Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Apr 6th, 2017 10:43 AM EDT | News Smartphone makers planning on using OLED screens are about to be in a bind because Apple just signed a two year contract with Samsung for the panels. Samsung will reportedly supply Apple with at least 70 million bendable OLED panels this year, and Samsung will take up the rest for itself. Samsung scores 2 year deal to supply Apple’s OLED panels ET News and Chosun Boz in South Korea both reported the deal saying it is worth about US$9 billion. The contract calls for Samsung Display to ship between 70 million and 92 million displays to Apple in 2017. Nikkei Asian Review is backing that up with its own report saying Samsung is shipping 70 million OLED panels to Apple this year. Assuming those numbers are right, Apple is either planning on selling an insane number of iPhone 8 units this year, or might be planning on using the panels on the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, too. The iPhone 8 is rumored to use a curved OLED screen that bends at the edges into the phone’s frame. Reports also say the new iPhone will sport a 3D sensing front-facing camera and wireless charging support. So far all we’re seeing are mockups of what people think the new model could look like. Parts photos aren’t leaking yet, so we don’t have anything tangible to show how the iPhone 8 will look. Apple is expected to introduce the iPhone 8 as a premium phone model this fall along side the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus. The company is expected to unveil all three at the same time, but ship the 7s and 7s Plus models a few weeks before the iPhone 8. [Thanks to DigiTimes for the heads up] Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, iPhone 8, OLED, Samsung 2 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick April 6, 2017 Would the bendable display be less prone to cracking? I would think so, but a sudden blow might do it. April 6, 2017 at 11:14 EDT AM wab95 April 6, 2017 Jeff: This looks like a lockup of the flexible OLED screen market, alright. One could argue that Apple’s strategic decision here is a mix of ‘Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer’, and Ed Harris’ character in ‘Appaloosa’ teaming up with his enemies to kill off some bad guys, after which he and his enemies return to killing each other. …Apple is either planning on selling an insane number of iPhone 8 units this year, or might be planning on using the panels on the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, too These options are not mutually exclusive. Whether or not these make it into the 7s series, Apple are undoubtedly planning on selling an insane number of series 8. April 6, 2017 at 11:59 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Bryan Chaffin | April 6, 2017 Apple and the OODA Loop Problem John Martellaro | April 5, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $143.66 -0.36 (-0.25%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple's Clips Social Media Video App Available for iPhone, iPad Pebble Update Lets Watches Work After Servers Shut Down Samsung Lands 2 Year Deal for Curved OLED iPhone Displays Apple Watch Series 3 Set for Fall Launch Apple Pay Cash Transfers Now Work With Western Union App Recent Tips See All » macOS: Putting a Recovery Partition on Your Mac (Without Reinstalling macOS) Get Free Bitcoins from 15 Faucets That (Still) Pay Enabling Find My Mac Might Not Work if Recovery Drive Is Damaged or Missing PSA: Find My Mac Has a Serious Security Vulnerability How to Change Your iPhone and iPad's Name for AirDrop Recent Editorials See All » Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Apple and the OODA Loop Problem Ya Gotta Love Free and Useful Stuff for Macs... The Most Important Word Apple Used in its Mac Pro Announcement President Trump Signs Law Erasing Broadband Privacy Protections 14725 Jeff Gamet news 2 1491475430 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYTech Apple sued over broken iPhones by Australia after 'Error 53' controversy A technician opens a broken iPhone 6 by Apple in a shop in Fuerstenfeldbruck near Munich, Germany / Reuters The Apple update meant that people who had their phone screens fixed found them breaking without warning Andrew Griffin @_andrew_griffin Thursday 6 April 2017 16:30 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Apple is being sued by Australia, after its phones started breaking with no warning. A new case from the country’s consumer watchdog accuses the company of “bricking”, or remotely disabling, phones with a software update. That follows the controversy over what was dubbed “Error 53” – named after the message that was displayed after the update arrived and wouldn’t allow people to use their phone. Specifically, the problem arose when people had their screens fixed by a non-Apple repairer. That triggered what Apple said was a security measure, but others complained was an unfair change, which meant that the phones wouldn’t turn back on and couldn’t be fixed again by Apple. Gadgets and tech news in pictures + show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/43 Designed by Pierpaolo Lazzarini from Italian company Jet Capsule. The I.F.O. is fuelled by eight electric engines, which is able to push the flying object to an estimated top speed of about 120mph. Jet Capsule/Cover Images 2/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 3/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 4/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 5/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 6/43 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 7/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 8/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex 9/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex 10/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 11/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 12/43 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 13/43 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 14/43 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 15/43 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 16/43 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 17/43 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 18/43 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 19/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 20/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 21/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 22/43 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 23/43 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 24/43 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 25/43 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 26/43 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 27/43 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 28/43 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 29/43 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 30/43 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 31/43 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 32/43 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 33/43 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 34/43 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 35/43 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 36/43 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 37/43 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 38/43 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 39/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 40/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 41/43 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 42/43 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 43/43 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission said the change, which stopped people from using their phones at all, was unfair. It drew attention to the fact that Apple told customers that it wasn’t required to, and wouldn’t, provide a fix for the problem. Read more Everything you need to know about Apple's new photo app “Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party,” ACCC chairman Rod Sims said. Apple had been engaged in “misleading or deceptive conduct and made false or misleading representations to consumers”, the ACCC’s court filings read. As such, it asked for injunctions, declarations, compliance programme orders, corrective notices, and costs as well as fines. The filing came just a week after the watchdog ruled in favour of Apple’s by denying Australian banks the ability to launch their own rival to Apple’s Wallet app, which allows people to pay for things with their phone. More about: Iphone Apple Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Yesterday AAPL: 143.66 -0.36 9to5Toys Last Call: 13″ MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar $1,550, UPS Surge Protector $65, Yamaha A/V Receiver w/ AirPlay $400, more Justin Kahn - Apr. 6th 2017 9:27 am PT @justinkahnmusic Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Dell 28-inch Ultra 4K Widescreen Monitor for $300 shipped TP-LINK’s Archer 802.11ac Wireless Router is an ideal upgrade at $76.50 Artkive for iOS goes free: easily keep track of all your kids’ artwork Transformers Forged to Fight out now on iOS/Android (free-to-play) Epson details new Home Cinema 1450 projector with incredible lumen count Cuisinart Multiclad Pro 12-pc Cookware Set $182 shipped (Reg. $300) Logitech’s G300s Optical Gaming Mouse is now only $20 Top Caribbean Destinations For Your Next Vacation How to add sound, light and motion to your LEGO creations with the PFx Brick Green Deals: 6-pack Hampton Bay Solar LED Pathway Lights $9.50, more Smithsonian magazine: 1-year for $8 shipped (Reg. $12+), more Schlage Connect Touchscreen Deadbolt in two colors: $199 (all-time low) Apple 13-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar now $1,550 shipped CyberPower 850VA UPS + 4-outlet Surge Protector bundled for $65 today only Yamaha 7.2-Ch. 4K A/V Receiver w/ AirPlay for $400 (all-time low) Anker’s new PowerLine II Dura Lightning Cables get a nice discount, from $8 Trine 1, 2 & 3 for Mac now on sale from $2 each (Reg. up to $15) Toca Life School children’s iOS app free for first time this year App Store Free App of the Week: Blyss iOS puzzler goes free for very first time Find new music on iOS for free with Discovr (Reg. $3) Night Sky 4 for iOS now available for free (Reg. $1+) Review: Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack pulls double duty for Apple Watch and iPhone Review: Decks by FluidStance bring motion and fun to standing desks and more 9to5Rewards: Fabriq Wireless Speaker w/ AirPlay and Alexa [Giveaway] Most Fashionable Watches and Smart Watches of 2017 MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: DJI Drone Deals from $349: cert. refurb Phantom 4 $730 and more! TiVo Roamio OTA 500GB DVR (refurb) w/ Lifetime Service for $250 Newegg’s 24-hour sale: Klipsch Over-Ear Bluetooth Headphones for $200, more Mpow Bluetooth Headphones $19.50, more Daily Deals: Urban Armor Case for MacBook Pro $40, more Samsung’s MU Series Ultra HDTVs bring affordability and sleek designs With Polar’s new M430 iOS compatible sports watch, you’ll run smarter ViewSonic’s 1080p Home Theater Projector w/ 3 HDMI inputs is down to $599 Western Digital announces My Passport external SSD with USB-C connection Xbox Scorpio console specs unveiled with native 4K and more Games/Apps: For Honor $40, PS4 1TB LE w/ 2 games $450, iOS freebies, more Save up to 40% off select Crayola items today only at Amazon Werner 8-ft. Fiberglass Step Ladder is yours for $70 (Reg. $121) Cuisinart Smart Stick Hand Blender $26.50 Prime shipped (best-seller) Learn to Code with 12 Courses and 120+ Hours of Instruction for $65 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Clarity is a touchscreen Smart Speaker that combines Google Now and Alexa The Sunrise Smart Pillow aspires to make every morning better Lego introduces 16 new minifigures with Collectible Series 17 Sony G-Series SSDs for 4K video hit store shelves next month Dishonored 2’s first three missions for free on PS4, Xbox One, PC Bring pixel art to life with PIXIO magnetic construction sets Bang & Olufsen’s BeoSound Shape AirPlay and Chromecast speakers are almost here Dbells’s HD Live is the “smartest Video Doorbell and Security Cam available” How to control multiple MIDI parameters at once using the new Goliath ASUS debuts new high-end gaming monitors with stunning designs PicoBrew Model C hits Kickstarter with an eye on affordable at-home brewing JVC releases new Bluetooth in-ear and sport headphones Kudrone is your affordable 4K Smart Nano Drone Lyra is an intelligent commuter bike with smart lighting and GPS Mafia 3’s first act now available for free on PS4/Xbox One + new DLC Satechi’s USB-C Travel Charger keeps all of your devices powered up on-the-go Chris is your digital co-driver that works with iOS and Android Stanley enters the competitive 3D Printer market w/ new prosumer model Put yourself into games and feel the action with the new Hardlight VR suit MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Roku Ultra 4K HDR Streaming Media Player as low as $80 (Reg. $120+) Powerbeats3 Wireless Headphones in all colors from $150 VIZIO’s SmartCast 55-inch 4K HDR UHDTV is down to $600 shipped LG’s new 49-inch 4K HDR Smart Ultra HDTV $579 (Reg. $799) Luxury Book iPhone 7 Plus Case Anker iPhone 7/Plus Cases from $2 RTIC Stainless Steel 64oz Bottle for $17 shipped Novation Launchkey Mini 20% off KMASHI 10000mAh Dual USB Power Bank $9 Amazon’s buy 2 get 1 free board games LifeStraw Personal Water Filter $12.50 Fandango: hundreds of $5 movies Atlantic magazine for just $4.25/yr UPS My Choice Premium 1-Yr. Membership just $10 Inflatable Kayak Set for $65 shipped One Hundred Eggs Kindle eBook free (Reg. $13) Target takes up to 25% off select Star Wars gear Download TV show pilot episodes for free: Legion, Westworld, more Levi’s Mid-Season Event takes an extra 25% off popular sale styles Green Deals: 4-pack 5/6-inch Recessed LED Lights $38, more Fiskars Axe, Wood Splitter, Lopper and more from $17 Prime shipped TP-LINK 802.11ac Wi-Fi Extender drops to $19.50 Orbi’s Home Wi-Fi System with the Echo Dot for $330 iTunes $1 HD Movie Renta: Deepwater Horizon (Reg. $6) Select Lego City sets: Buy One Get One 40% starting at $6 Best Fashion Finds at Amazon for April 2017 Green Deals: Sun Joe 14-inch 12A Electric Lawn Mower $79 Graco SnugRide Infant Click Connect Car Seat $68 Smartphone Accessories: Aukey 16000mAh Power Bank $23 Dunkin Donuts $25 Gift Card for $20 w/ email delivery Lowepro Camera Bags from Adorama starting at just $10 Brooks Brothers offers up to 70% off clearance  Amazon’s Android Event discounts popular devices Justin Kahn @justinkahnmusic Justin is a senior editor covering all things music for 9to5Mac, including our weekly Logic Pros series exploring music production on Mac and iOS devices. Justin is an audio engineer/producer with over 10 years experience in the music industry. Favorite Gear PXN MFi game controller Akai MPK USB MIDI Keyboard Pocket Operator synth Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Partner Content Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Meet the team Advertise with us Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Partner Content Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Meet the team Advertise with us Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Aussies get a bit i-rate with Apple Written by Jamie Davies 1 day ago Apple has found itself in a bit of hot water after the ‘Error 53’ message which appeared on iLifers screens a couple of years ago, as it may have violated Aussie consumers’ rights. The message itself appeared after users downloading an update to Apple’s iOS operating system, though mainly on phones which had been repaired by a third party. An investigation by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) claims Apple routinely refused to service defective devices had that device been previously repaired by a third party. “Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party,“ said ACCC Chairman Rod Sims. “Denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third party repairer not only impacts those consumers but can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at lower cost than the manufacturer.” Under Australian law, there are a number of guarantees to ensure consumers are entitled to free repairs or replacement goods, should the product not meet the standards set out in the initial guarantee. The ACCC claims Apple employees told customers they were not entitled to any free services or repairs once the device had been repaired by an unauthorised third party. ACCC now insists the repair of a device by unauthorised third parties does not negate responsibilities, and has therefore been a very naughty company. “As consumer goods become increasingly complex, businesses also need to remember that consumer rights extend to any software or software updates loaded onto those goods,” said Sims. “Faults with software or software updates may entitle consumers to a free remedy under the Australian Consumer Law.” This isn’t the first time Apple has rubbed the Aussies up the wrong way either. Back in 2013, the ACCC claimed Apple had made a number of false or misleading representations to a number of consumers regarding their consumer guarantee rights, namely it was not required to provide a refund, replacement or repair to consumers in circumstances where these remedies were required by the consumer guarantees. Apple acknowledged the claims, and said it would work to resolve the issues raised. Apparently. While penalties have not been outlined by the ACCC just yet, the Wall Street Journal believes the fines could be as high as $829,000 per violation. That’s £525,000 per violation which is the same as 103,960 pints of Estrella at the Telecoms.com local pub. How the ACCC can justify a fine of almost 104,000 pints of lager per violation is beyond us, however we do know the Aussies like a drink… Tags: Apple, Australia, Consumer Rights, Naughty Boy Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Apple tries to stop using Imagination but that could end in tears Can Bixby take the heat off Samsung? Apple Russia found to have illegally fixed iPhone prices Microsoft, Apple, Amazon and Cisco join Google in DoJ data row Webinars View all Smart Cities: Analyzing the Opportunities & Threats for Telcos 13 April 2017 White Papers View all White Paper – Digital Transformation Requires a “Subscriber-First” Approach Share 8 days ago Digital Transformation Operator Survey Report Share 24 Feb 2017 Smart cities: what are the opportunities for telcos? Share 17 Feb 2017 Events View all Channel Partners Conference and Expo 10-13 April 2017 View Event Broadband Forum Asia 11-12 April 2017 View Event Next Generation Optical Networking Asia 11-12 April 2017 View Event Polls View all With Amazon and Google launching smart home initiatives, have the telcos missed out on their chance to cash in on this market? Yes, Google and Amazon will now dominate this space (65%, 40 Votes) Consumers won't have made up their mind (19%, 12 Votes) No, Google and Amazon will not be able to replace the telcos in the mind of the consumer (16%, 10 Votes) Total Voters: 62  Loading ... Twitter View all Aussies get a bit i-rate with #Apple https://t.co/3fNjYhaBvp #handsetsdevices #regulation #australia #consumerrights 06 April 2017 @ 17:55:36 UTC Indian regulator finally calls time on #Jio's endless freebies, for now https://t.co/EGLDHIwOIT #operator #india 06 April 2017 @ 16:19:46 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Why Fake News On PC And Printer Death Is Dangerous Related Content Topic :  Transport Layer Security  Internet communications between servers and clients often are secured by TLS Blog :  CEO Shares Insights on Preventing Data Loss, Handling Data Breaches Article :  Verizon’s Data Breach Digest Uses Case Studies as Security Response Teaching Tools Why Fake News on PC and Printer Death Is Dangerous Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 06 Apr, 2017          |         |     Share HP Inc. is the only company with significant positions on both PCs and printers; it dominates the printer market and is ranked second in PCs. Even though it looked like it was initially set up to fail, apparently, the executive staff didn’t get that memo and on most financial metrics, it is growing. This is in sharp contrast to the beliefs that both PCs and printers are failing. There were two initial causes for this belief. The iPad and similar tablets initially seemed to be a smartphone kind of revolution and were going to take over the world from PCs and printers, and the related drop in support for both categories of products and the massive flip to digital media over print. However, the primary driver of the PC collapse and the contributing driver of print collapse, tablets, have not risen to expectations. Apple, the lead market maker in the category, has recently flipped from an emerging market strategy to a cash cow strategy with its latest reduced-price iPad offering, suggesting it now believes that tablets are on life support. (Apple is rumored to be working on an iOS-based MacBook.) The HP Inc. results and Apple’s latest moves support the counter argument that, while not yet growing at emerging speeds, PCs and printer segments are getting healthier and that strategies based on their expected demise are no longer founded in fact but on fake news. In short, I’m saying that the demise of PCs and printers is effectively no longer true and that making decisions on fake news is dangerous. Let’s get to specifics. Printers I think printers represent the bigger problem, but not by much, so I’ll start with this category. Over the years, printers have gained significant new capabilities in terms of speed and remote access. To get there, they have been given storage and networking technology early on, but changes to actually secure them came far later in their life cycles. In addition, because firms lived under the false concept of a “paperless office” since the 1990s, ironically initially during times when the printer supply business was often growing in double digits, and in a razor-blade market where printers were often sold at or below cost, investment in printers was often tied to printer failure and not technical obsolesces (particularly with regard to security). The end result is that most companies are peppered with these things, still under at least moderate use, yet the protections over them are just as often woefully inadequate. In an IoT world, printers were, and likely remain, the most prevalent IoT devices in the firm and the most likely avenue for either a network or data breach. Now, in some cases, this exposure can be mitigated by simply restricting and tracking access, removing the default passwords (or putting in password control in the first place), and ensuring the hard drives are destroyed when the printers are scrapped or sold. Ideally, they should be wrapped with security and, I doubt it would surprise you that HP Inc. is the leader in securing printers, particularly the ones it makes. But, whatever you use, these things aren’t going away until there is a fully viable replacement for printed documents and, with the decline in tablets, we are currently drifting away from, not toward, the paperless office at the moment. PCs   PCs aren’t going away either and the PC vendors at the top are showing growth again. This is tightly tied to the collapse of tablets and the continued need for employees to have a fully capable tool to work from. But with PCs, there is also a new security problem that, if not addressed, could cause our employees and the industry to obsolete existing machines or PCs altogether if it isn’t addressed in a timely manner. I’ll get to that in a later post. Since money is flowing back into PC marketing and products, the entire “PC is dead” meme seems to have dropped off the planet. However, the behaviors that flipped from updating these things and assuring they are secure to seemingly pretending they would vanish as security problems soon apparently haven’t changed. A good example was the U.S. Secret Service laptop that was stolen and not adequately secured. Advancements in laptop security have been pronounced, ranging from privacy screens that prevent passengers in adjoining seats on busses, planes or common areas from seeing what is on the screens to technology that aggressively encrypts the data, biometrically assures the user, can be remotely wiped, and even one drive that can self-destruct to prevent compromise. Wrapping Up: PCs and Printers Aren’t Going Away and Must Be Secured Not only aren’t PCs and printers going away, both are experiencing a bit of a resurgence. This means our focus on assuring that they don’t become security problems needs to be updated along with our belief that these problems will somehow be self-correcting. Printers in particular need to be wrapped with security because they not only can be a conduit out of the company for confidential information but they can be a pipeline into the network, bypassing firewalls if not adequately secured. PCs continue to be a security problem largely because they aren’t being updated in a timely way, the security technology available to secure them is either not being specified or turned on, or because employees aren’t being trained to properly protect them. Given that neither platform is going away, I’m suggesting you update your practices to take into account the new risks and make sure our folks are safe in what is becoming an ever more hostile world. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is for people who have never upgraded their tablet Apple doesn't always build midrange gadgets, but when it does, they're good. Andrew Cunningham - Apr 6, 2017 4:00 pm UTC reader comments 165 Share this story The fifth-generation iPad. Andrew Cunningham The iPad Air 2 (left) next to the iPad 5 (right). Andrew Cunningham The iPad 5 (left) is visually almost identical to the iPad Air (right). Andrew Cunningham Top to bottom: iPad 5, iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, iPad Air. Andrew Cunningham Top to bottom: iPad 5, iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, iPad Air. Andrew Cunningham Top to bottom: iPad 5, iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, iPad Air. Andrew Cunningham Top to bottom: iPad 5, iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, iPad Air. Andrew Cunningham The iPad 5 on top of the iPad Air 2; you can see the difference in thickness if you pay attention. Andrew Cunningham The original Air (left) and iPad 5 (right) have the same antenna cutout. Andrew Cunningham The iPad Pro (left) has a sleeker, thinner antenna cutout. Andrew Cunningham Cellular cutout. Andrew Cunningham SIM slot. Andrew Cunningham This is the iPad Air 2 with a desk lamp shining directly on it. Note that the light is slightly dimmed and diffused. Andrew Cunningham The iPad 5. The reflection is quite a bit brighter and sharper because there's no anti-reflective coating. Andrew Cunningham Apple isn’t shy about admitting it: the biggest feature of its newest iPad is the price. At $329, it’s $70 cheaper than the iPad Air 2 used to be, $270 cheaper than the smaller iPad Pro costs now, and $170 cheaper than the initial starting price of the iPad back in 2010. It’s a big shift, especially after a year-and-a-half where larger and more expensive iPads were Apple’s main focus. That’s apparently where the users are. Apple told us that the iPad Air 2 was its most popular iPad, and it had been since its introduction in October of 2014. It was the most popular with enterprises, the most popular with small businesses, the most popular in schools, and the most popular with people who were new to the iPad altogether (more than half of all iPad Air 2 buyers were picking up their first iPad). And even after the introduction of the iPad Mini in 2012 and the big iPad Pro in 2015, the 9.7-inch screen size has remained the most popular of the three. Further Reading9.7-inch iPad Pro review: What makes something “Pro” anyway? So one of the $329 iPad’s goals was to replace the aging iPad Air 2 for all of those audiences. Its second goal was to entice the tens of millions of people who bought one of the first four iPad generations or the first iPad Mini to buy an iPad again. Most of those tablets don’t even run iOS 10, and the one that does run iOS 10 lacks support for all of the iPad’s multitasking features and a bunch of other stuff. But there's also a third goal Apple didn't talk with me about, the elephant in the room any time Apple does anything with the iPad: we’re now entering our third straight year of sales decline, both in terms of units sold and in revenue earned. The iPad Pro showed some signs of helping with the problem last year, but none of the iPads Apple has put out since 2014 has halted the product's downward slide. This unassuming iPad has a lot of roles to fill. The good news is that it does fill them all, and it does so pretty well. The bad news is that it doesn’t speak very well about any of the extra stuff the iPad Pro brings to the table, particularly the 9.7-inch model. iPad Air 1.5 Specs at a glance: Apple iPad (fifth generation) Screen 2048×1536 9.7-inch (264 PPI) touchscreen OS iOS 10.3.1 CPU ~1.8GHz dual-core Apple A9 RAM 2GB GPU Apple A9 GPU Storage 32GB or 128GB Networking 867Mbps 802.11a/b/g/ac, Bluetooth 4.2, UMTS/HSPA/HSPA+/​DC‑HSDPA (850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz); GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz) CDMA EV-DO Rev. A and Rev. B (800, 1900 MHz) LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 38, 39, 40, 41) Camera 8MP rear camera, 5MP front camera Ports Lightning connector, headphone jack Size 9.4" x 6.6" x 0.29" (240 x 169.5 x 7.5mm) Weight 1.03 pounds (469g) Wi-Fi, 1.05 pounds (478g) cellular Battery 32.9WHr Starting price $329 for Wi-Fi, $459 for cellular Price as reviewed $559 Other perks Charger, Lightning cable If you're trying to explain the new iPad (officially dubbed the fifth-generation iPad, picking up the baton that the fourth-generation iPad dropped years ago) to someone already familiar with the lineup, it’s fair to say that its design sits somewhere in between 2013’s iPad Air and 2014’s iPad Air 2. It feels less like a new tablet and more like a second, more conservative crack at updating the first Air. That’s partly because its design is nearly identical to the original iPad Air. Its size, weight, and general look and feel are all essentially the same with a handful of small tweaks: the mute switch is gone, the chamfer around the edges is now matte instead of shiny, and there’s a Touch ID button on the front now. The two tablets are so similar that Smart Covers and many accessories designed for the first Air are going to work just fine with the iPad 5, depending on how the cases accommodate the small differences in buttons and switches. Covers made for the Air 2 also work with the iPad 5; the 9.7-inch iPad Pro moved the internal magnets around enough that Apple had to change the Smart Cover design for that tablet, but the iPad 5 works perfectly fine with older covers (and new covers will work perfectly fine with your older tablets). The screen is a mix of new and old. On the one hand, it’s brighter—Apple says it has a maximum brightness of 500 nits, 25 percent brighter than the iPad Air 2. Using a Spyder colorimeter, I measured the brightness of the iPad 5’s screen at around 420 nits with the auto brightness sensor disabled and the brightness cranked to maximum (in many gadgets, the maximum brightness with the auto brightness sensor enabled is higher than the brightness with the sensor turned off, so this shouldn’t be taken as evidence that Apple’s figures are wrong). According to my measurement, the iPad 5 is 16.7 percent brighter than the iPad Air 2 (360 nits), 9.7 percent dimmer than the 9.7-inch iPad Pro (465 nits), and 26.1 percent brighter than the original iPad Air (333 nits). Brightness aside, the displays on the original iPad Air and the iPad 5 are physically interchangeable. If your iPad Air screen breaks, iFixit says you can even pop an iPad 5 screen into the older tablet and benefit from the brighter panel. We saw the same thing with the iPhone SE’s screen, which is fully compatible with the iPhone 5S and vice versa. Further ReadingReview: Apple’s iPad Air is a big tablet without all the baggage But brightness isn't everything, and the screen is a step down from the Air 2’s and the Pro’s in a couple of ways. For one, it lacks an anti-reflective coating—the brighter screen helps when you’re using it outdoors or in harsh office lighting, but the difference is noticeable. And the LCD panel and the tablet’s front glass aren’t fused together, meaning that there’s a small air gap between the glass and the display itself. This means that colors pop a little less and contrast is a little lower. The air gap also contributes to a kind of hollow sound and feeling when you tap on the screen, something that makes the tablet feel cheaper than the Air 2 or Pro. That’s not to say that the iPad 5 (and the iPad Air before it) isn’t well-built, just that it feels less solid than either the Air 2 that it replaces or the high-end iPad Pro or most other devices with laminated screens. Finally, it's worth noting a few of the other lines Apple draws between the iPad Pro and the iPad 5: Performance is a big one, and we’ll explore that in more detail later on. Aside from not being laminated, the display doesn’t support the DCI-P3 color gamut (or “wide color,” as Apple calls it), though it can still display close to 100 percent of the sRGB color space. The camera uses the same 8MP sensor as the iPad Air 2, doesn’t include an LED flash, and can’t take wide color pictures. The Apple Pencil and Smart Connector (and, by extension, the Smart Keyboard) aren’t supported. The antenna cutout on the LTE models is larger and clumsier looking by comparison. The Pro has improved speakers on each corner, where the iPad 5 just has them on the bottom. The iPad 5 has to be plugged in for always-on Hey Siri support to work, which is odd since the A9 ought to have the low-power hardware necessary to make the feature work on battery power (it’s supported in the iPhone 6S). My best guess is that the older iPad Air design's microphones are somehow insufficient and that Apple didn’t update them in the iPad 5, but Apple wouldn’t fill me in on the details when I asked. That’s not an insubstantial list, though it’s up to you to decide whether those features are worth an extra $270 to you (the math will get a little easier when the year-old iPad Pro is refreshed, which we’d expect before the end of the year). It’s also worth noting what the iPad 5 can do: Touch ID and Apple Pay are fully supported. It’s got 2GB of memory, same as the Pro, which means that all of iOS’ current multitasking features (and, at a minimum, any new ones introduced in iOS 11) are fully supported. Same screen size, same resolution. Similar, if not identical, size and weight. It’s a little larger and heavier but there’s nowhere a Pro can go that an iPad 5 can’t go. Its battery life is really great, which we’ll get to soon. Its Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and LTE capabilities appear to be broadly identical to the Pro’s. As of right now, the iPad Pro supports a few extra peripherals and offers a little more speed, but there’s very little it can do that the iPad 5 absolutely can’t. That is simultaneously a great thing for iPad 5 buyers and a sign that the iPad Pro needs to do more to differentiate itself. Listing image by Andrew Cunningham Page: 1 2 3 Next → Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 165 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Tech Search Search Sign In DefenseThe U.S. Struck a Syrian Air Base with Tomahawk Missiles. What Are They? Foreign PolicyHillary Clinton Called for Strikes on Syrian Airfields Shortly Before Trump's Announcement SyriaSyria Decries ‘Aggression’ as U.S. Launches Missile Attack Foreign PolicyHow Congress Reacted to Trump's Missile Attack on Syria MADRID, SPAIN - SEPTEMBER, 16: An Iphone 7 Plus with its new dual camera is displayed at Puerta del Sol Apple Store the day the company launches their Iphone 7 and 7 Plus on September 16, 2016 in Madrid, Spain. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus has been launched on Friday September 16th in more than 25 countries. Customers have started to queue 38 hours before the opening of the store placed in the center of Madrid. (Photo by Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno/Getty Images) Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno—Getty Images apps What It's Like to Use Apple's New iPhone Camera App Lisa Eadicicco Apr 06, 2017 Apple has gradually improved the iPhone's camera software over the years, most recently adding features like Portrait Mode, Live Photos, and slow-motion video recording. While those additions made it possible to capture new kinds of footage, Apple hasn't done much to change what people can actually do with the footage they record. The Cupertino, Calif. firm is looking to change that with a new app called Clips, now available in the App Store. Clips is a video editing tool designed to weave together photos and videos, all while letting users add elements like filters, emojis and text. Think of it like a cross between the iPhone's Memories feature, which automatically generates montages from your photo library, and iMovie. While it's not a fully-fledged video editing tool, Clips could be useful for making quick videos to share on Facebook, Instagram or YouTube. After opening Clips, the app prompts you to start a new video by holding down the record button. If you don't want to record a new video or photo, you can also pull in existing content from your iPhone's library. Get the latest deals, reviews and recommendations from the editors of TIME: sign up for The Goods newsletter here Clips offers multiple effects you can add to individual photos and videos in your compilation. All the usual suspects are here: One such filter makes footage look like it's from a comic book, while there's another for black-and-white footage, and a third option brightens things up among other choices. Still, the filter selection is relatively small compared to that of apps like Instagram and Prisma. Lisa Eadicicco  To find Clips' various features, you tap the corresponding button near the top of the screen. The interface is more intuitive than that of Snapchat, which hides its features behind swipes and taps. A star button pulls up a selection of emojis and banners, while the "T" key offers an array of posters, including options that say "Hello," "Good Morning," "Happy Birthday" and more. In a nice twist from the norm, you can edit what these banners say. For instance, if you like the speech bubble sticker but want it to say something different, you can press down on it to add your own text. You can also access your full library of emoji in a similar way, since the Clips menu only displays your most frequently used icons. While I appreciate this level of customization, I wish it was easier to find — I didn't realize you could add your own text to these banners until I tinkered around with the app for a while. Lisa Eadicicco  Apps like Snapchat and Instagram have already popularized the idea of sprinkling emoji, stickers, and text over photos. But Apple has a different approach for adding captions. Rather than just typing in subtitles, you can also choose to use the Live Titles feature, which adds text as you dictate it out loud and times its appearance to coincide with what's happening on-screen. It's clearly made for an era in which people often watch videos on their phone with the sound off. But since it's primarily meant for voiceovers, it only worked when I used the front-facing camera, not the main one. That's because only the microphone on the back of your iPhone is activated when recording with the rear camera, so you usually have to speak louder for it to pick anything up. Once you're done creating a video, tapping the share button pulls up options for importing the video to Google Drive, Instagram, and other apps. It also includes a row of suggested contacts, which Apple generates by looking at the people you've texted most recently, names mentioned in your video, or faces you've tagged in pictures stored in Apple's Photos app. Clips will likely please people who primarily use their iPhone for casual shooting. But it's missing a couple of potentially helpful features. Other than posters, there's no way to insert transitions like a fade or crossfade, common in even the simplest video editing apps. As a result, the final project can sometimes look choppy. And it doesn't offer any virtual masks that add quirky effects to your face like those found on Snapchat. But it does help make vertically-shot photos and videos look flattering, since it has a square photo editor like Instagram. All told, Clips is evidence that Apple doesn't want to be left behind amid a rapid shift in mobile photography. Whereas smartphone cameras were once used to preserve memories, apps like Snapchat and Instagram are turning them into devices for instant communication. Clearly, Apple isn't willing to completely cede that territory to third-party apps. While Apple is constantly improving the iPhone's camera hardware and behind-the-scenes software, Clips is a rare evolution of its camera app — an evolution that reveals how it's thinking about the future of photography with the iPhone, the world's most commonly used camera. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Sign In Subscribe Search Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health TIME Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE Photography Videos The Goods TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Finding Home Longevity 2017 Looking Forward Next Generation Leaders Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service Follow TIME Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES RETAIL April 7, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors22 Markets10 Automotives2 Banking4 Construction Employment Features2 General Investment2 Media Careers Energy70 Retail2 Shipping Technology7 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Oil spikes as US missile strike roils markets YouTube starts no views, no ads policy Mileage airlines derive out of loyalty offers Renewables Aviation5 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Dubai declaration on cyber security announced Boeing teams with JetBlue to fund electric plane Airlines use innovations to lure passengers Economy6 Property GN Property top stories in Property New five-star hotel to open in Bur Dubai Monthly cheques aid Dubai residents Nakheel awards contract for Dragon City hotel Money1 Dollars and Dirhams1 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Macroeconomic factors tougher than competition for Virgin Megastore The store’s SME suppliers were hit the hardest last year, following a serious credit crunch Image Credit: Supplied Nisreen Shocair said one of the biggest impacts of last year’s economic downturn was the effect on liquidity. Published: 18:32 April 6, 2017 Ed Clowes, Staff Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE DUBAI For the President of Virgin Megastore Mena (Middle East and North Africa), the greatest challenge to her business is not competition; it’s the routine black swan events that befall the region. Nisreen Shocair has seen most imaginable in her 11 years running the company in the region, including war, currency problems and recessions. “The macroeconomic problems are much harder to deal with than the competition,” Shocair said in a telephone interview with Gulf News on Thursday. Virgin Megastore is an electronics and entertainment retail chain with over 50 stores across the region. Shocair added that despite pressures, compared to previous years “2016 was definitely not the worst year for us,” as Virgin Megastore had managed to “diversify away enough from music, video and Apple.” The retail executive was referring to the long-awaited arrival of an Apple store at Mall of the Emirates, which many anticipated would hurt Virgin Megastore’s business, as one of the few official Apple retailers. According to Shocair, Virgin’s figures suggested that 80 per cent of their Apple product customers came back following the opening of the flagship store in October 2015. “I love the competition, it’s the best thing that can happen to your business. It’s made us much better, we now have to constantly up our game. When you’re being benchmarked against the better and the best, you feel good when you always come out on top,” she said. The arrival of Apple [store] was arguably a net benefit for all occupants at Mall of the Emirates, with traffic up 11 per cent by end of 2016, according to Shocair. One of the biggest impacts of last year’s economic downturn was its impact on liquidity, particularly for small businesses, she said. “What did hurt us is the fact that 2016 was incredibly tough on our small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs),” Shocair said, adding: “they saw a credit crunch.” According to the president, SMEs were not being paid by suppliers, and were struggling to get credit from banks. “Very young start-ups had stock running out,” she said. “They just didn’t have the cash.” Research by Euromonitor International pointed to continued lower oil prices and a strong US dollar as key factors impacting consumer sentiment and expenditure patterns during 2016, whereby many retailers reported a slowdown in value growth. This was compounded by a change in UAE’s tourist profile, with less visitors from China, Russia and the UK. According to the market research firms, these factors impacted the purchasing power of an average tourist in the UAE, with most of them engaging more in entertainment experiences and being selective in their retail purchases. Ultimately, despite the retailer’s number 1 video distributor going out of business last year, Virgin has invested in new suppliers and is beginning to see a rebound. “The market is still relatively soft. But that is a good thing. You can become more efficient and so on,” said Shocair. “The recovery is imminent.” More from Retail ‘Macroeconomic factors tougher than competition’ 7-Eleven to buy Sunoco shops in $3.3b US bet Retailers begin to feel post-Brexit pain When youth say fast delivery, they mean today Warren Buffett becomes face of Coke in China Amazon to refund $70m for kids app buys Build and they will come not true for UAE malls MAF CEO remains sceptical about eCommerce tags from this storyRussia follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGNDUBAI follow this tag on MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGNUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGNApple follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsRetail tagsRussia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDUBAI follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In Retail‘Macroeconomic factors tougher than competition’ Business Gallery Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Manufacturing is order of the day Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01‘Pink Star’ diamond fetches $71.2m in Hong Kong 02Gitex Shopper Spring opens doors 03Build and they will come not true for UAE malls Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 10Images A peek at the world's next tallest tower Apr 11, 2016 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 6Images Manufacturing is order of the day Mar 28, 2017 29Images In pictures: Defence exhibition Idex 2017 Feb 23, 2017 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Dubai fire: Police rescue 4 trapped workers 2017 UAE holidays Big fat Indian wedding on cruise ship Indian student jumps to death on Facebook Indian expat bags Dh10m after 50 tickets Stop driving licences for expats: Kuwait MP Dubai moves towards new rental law Dubai landlords cut rents, extend leases Are temperatures set to drop in UAE? Close Recommended For You Nunes steps down from Russia probePUBLISHED ON Apr 06, 2017 Efforts underway to prosecute the Syrian regimePUBLISHED ON Apr 06, 2017 Watch: 59 US missiles launched on Syrian basesPUBLISHED ON Apr 07, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Apple Clips review: Apple Clips is a great free video app, once you learn its tricks By: Scott Stein Reviewed: April 6, 2017 How to use Apple Clips by Scott Stein 2:19 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Compare These The Good Deep editing controls and effects. Impressive voice-transcribing autocaptioning works really well. Uploads to apps like Instagram, YouTube and Facebook. Included soundtracks are fun. It's free. The Bad Only makes square videos. Menu layouts can be a little confusing to learn at first. Audio editing is limited. Captions and audio can only be recorded when clip is added. The Bottom Line Apple Clips is a promising movie editor for fast Facebook and Instagram-ready videos, and its captioning tools are fantastic. Free Review Sections Review Specifications User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Software Mobile Apps Apple Clips Apple has made an iMovie for phone videos, and a way to edit your Instagram posts. Call it whatever you want, but Clips -- a surprising new app from Apple for iPads, iPhones and the iPod Touch -- is pretty great, especially considering that it's completely free. Just don't call it a social media app -- it works with video sites like YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and Vimeo, but it absolutely is not designed to replace them. Clips will be hitting the iOS App Store later today. I was able to use it for the past few days, fiddling around with making my own videos and trying its features. It's deeper than I expected, and versatile. And, really, it's an offline video-editing tool that can post your creations afterward. It's easier to use than iMovie, too. What's really great about it is a) it's free and b) it brings several things to the table that weren't easy to do before. It's a quick little kit for making Facebook or social-friendly videos with surprisingly effective captions, and that alone could earn it a spot in my most-used tools when I'm heading to events. This is a far more capable tool than whatever's built into most social apps. But it has its quirks and definitely has limitations, too. Working with audio tracks and effects may frustrate those who want even more control, but it enables a lot of fun, fast ideas that can be used to turn your random video clips and still photos into an entertaining little video. I've learned a few key tricks so far -- Clips takes a little getting used to. Finding where all the extras are buried also takes time. For instance, you'll need to tap up and down on navigational arrows to flip between the videos you've already made and the one you're currently editing. The same goes when accessing tools like filters, live title captions, extra effects and cards (or, soundtracks). Here's what you need to know to get started with Clips. Apple Clips brings videos to life with emojis... See full gallery 1 - 5 of 14 Next Prev It's square videos only, so prepare accordingly Like Instagram, Clips only does square videos. It formats your existing photos and videos and crops them (or, you can zoom and crop yourself, by pinching and dragging). The videos look good on a phone or tablet -- regardless of viewing in portrait or landscape orientation -- but on a TV they look weird. And there's no way to pick another aspect ratio. Continue to next page 01 02 Best iPhone Apps of 2017 See All Scott Stein twitter facebook googleplus Scott Stein is a senior editor covering iOS and laptop reviews, mobile computing, video games, and tech culture. He has previously written for both mainstream and technology enthusiast publications including Wired, Esquire.com, Men's Journal, and Maxim, and regularly appears on TV and radio talking tech trends. See full bio This week on CNET News Twitter sues US government after order over anti-Trump account Playing Street Fighter with your face -- and crushing it Want true privacy? You need to check out this browser   Discuss: Apple Clips (iOS) Conversation powered by Livefyre CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search NVIDIA TITAN Xp GPU revealed for Mac (and PC) Chris Burns - Apr 6, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit NVIDIA’s latest graphics card is the NVIDIA TITAN Xp, a GPU with more cores, faster clocks, faster memory, and more TFLOPS than the TITAN X that came before it. This graphics card is being delivered to users direct from NVIDIA through NVIDIA’s online store. It’ll be available to be used by both PC users and Apple computer users – though the latter requires a bit more work – for now. This newest graphics card from NVIDIA was announced to be getting support from NVIDIA for Mac, right off the bat. This is the first time Mac users (that’s Apple-made computers, to be clear) will be able to utilize NVIDIA’s Pascal-powered graphics processing units. Before these new drivers are released, Mac users can only use up to NVIDIA’s elder generation Maxwell GPUs. These new driver releases mean that NVIDIA’s graphics cards (the newest cards, that is) can be used with eGPU devices (like this old monstrosity). This means the next-generation “completely rethought” Mac Pro will roll with the ability to hit NVIDIA GPUs hard from the start. While it would be interesting to see how an NVIDIA GPU of this size would work with a Mac Pro as it exists today, it’s not too much of a stretch to imagine Apple going back to a slightly more traditional size and structure with the next generation. GPU Engine Specs: • NVIDIA CUDA Cores 3840 • Boost Clock (MHz) 1582 Memory Specs: • Memory Speed 11.4 Gbps • Standard Memory Config 12 GB GDDR5X • Memory Interface Width 384-bit • Memory Bandwidth (GB/sec) 547.7 GB/s Technology Support: • Simultaneous Multi-Projection Yes • VR Ready Yes • NVIDIA Ansel Yes • NVIDIA SLI Ready Yes – SLI HB Bridge Supported • NVIDIA G-SYNC-Ready Yes • NVIDIA GameStream-Ready Yes • NVIDIA GPU Boost 3.0 • Microsoft DirectX 12 API with feature level 12_1 • Vulkan API Yes • OpenGL 4.5 • Bus Support PCIe 3.0 • OS Certification Windows 7-101, Linux, FreeBSDx86 Display Support: • Maximum Digital Resolution 7680×4320 @60Hz • Standard Display Connectors DP 1.43, HDMI 2.0b • Multi Monitor Yes • HDCP 2.2 Graphics Card Dimensions: • Height 4.376″ • Length 10.5″ • Width 2-Slot Thermal and Power Specs: • Maximum GPU Temperature (in C) 96 • Graphics Card Power 250 W • Recommended System Power 600 W • Supplementary Power Connectors: One 8-pin and One 6-pin The GPU TITAN Xp is available starting today through NVIDIA online for a cool $1,200 USD. This price is for the TITAN Xp as manufactured by and distributed by NVIDIA. Additional alternate units will be available from 3rd-party system builders soon. Story Timeline NVIDIA GTX 1080 and 1070 - Two Titan X killers revealed New NVIDIA Titan X promises even more "irresponsible peformance" 10 things you need to know about NVIDIA’s TITAN X NVIDIA Jetson TX2 detailed: made for robots, drones, and smart cameras NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti review roundup: True 4K gaming at last? Bosch teams with NVIDIA to make AI self-driving car computers Tags AppleComputingGaminggpugraphics cardMac OS XnvidiaOS XPCWindowsWindows 10 Must Read Bits & Bytes 2018 VW Atlas First Drive: A 7-seater SUV to dethrone Explorer Xbox Project Scorpio specs officially revealed This iPhone 8 video shows what Galaxy S8 does right and LG G6 does wrong Niantic’s Pokemon GO Easter surprise: Virtual Trespassing Lawsuits! For Zero Motorcycles, a Tesla-sized opportunity to redefine EVs Latest Headlines Galaxy S8 Bixby button can be repurposed with this app Apr 7, 2017 Canon PowerShot SX730 HS 20MP digital camera has 40x optical zoom Apr 6, 2017 These glowing Alien Xenomorph eggs should be in your Easter basket Apr 6, 2017 MacBook Air 13-inch gets a big price cut, is now $799 new Apr 6, 2017 Adobe’s AI selfie tech will make you look better, no skill necessary Apr 6, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Jaguar F-PACE 35t Prestige Review: A crossover with claws Apr 5, 2017 Huawei Honor 8 Pro Review Apr 5, 2017 Moto G5 Plus Review : Budget Phone Authority Apr 4, 2017 Sonos PLAYBASE Review: A flat soundbar with big sound Apr 3, 2017 LG G6 Review: The display is the key Apr 3, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Will the iPhone 8 be CHEAPER than expected? Industry insider claims competition from Samsung may force Apple to reduce its prices Sources had suggested iPhone 8 could cost users more than $1,000 (£800) But an analyst for UBS believes high end models could start at $850 (£680) This would be in line with Samsung's premium Galaxy S8+ models  By Tim Collins For Mailonline Published: 11:39 EDT, 6 April 2017 | Updated: 15:06 EDT, 6 April 2017 e-mail 7 shares 9 View comments The race to become the handset to have in 2017 is hotting up ahead of the 10th anniversary launch of the latest iPhone. And speculation is mounting that competition from Samsung may force Apple to keep its prices competitive with their flagship phone. Industry insiders have speculated that a high end iPhone 8 - expected in September - could cost around the same as the S8+ premium handset released last month. Scroll down for video Sources have suggested the iPhone 8 could cost some users more than $1,000 (£800). But an analyst for UBS believes high end models could start at a $850 (£680) iPhone 8 (artist's impression pictured) - in line with Samsung's new Galaxy S8+ IPHONE 8 PRICING  Sources have suggested that a high-end iPhone 8 model would cost users more than $1,000 (£800). But an analyst at financial services firm UBS believes that a 64GB high-end model could start at a slightly more reasonable $850 (£680) to $900 (£720) in the United States. A higher capacity 256GB model could cost between $950 (£760) and $1,000 (£800). This would make it the first model in US history to break the four digit mark. Back in February, sources revealed that a high-end iPhone 8 model could cost some users more than $1,000 (£800). This would make it the most expensive handset the firm has ever produced. But an analyst at financial services firm UBS believes that a 64GB high-end model could start at a slightly more reasonable $850 (£680) to $900 (£720) in the United States. This would put it in a similar price range to Samsung's new Galaxy S8+, which was released on March 29 alongside its smaller sister model. Prices for the premium S8+ handset start at $840 (£779). UBS's Steven Milunovich believes that the iPhone 8's smaller screen size compared to the Galaxy model may be a factor in this decision. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Goldman Sachs hopes to build an 'asteroid-grabbing... Did our ancestors eat each other out of choice? Early human... Children who get a good education before the age of FIVE... Don't try this at home! Footage shows the incredible moment... Share this article Share He also added that a higher capacity 256GB model could cost between $950 (£760) and $1,000 (£800). This would make it the first model in US history to break the four digit mark, according to MacRumors. In a research note obtained by the site, Mr Milunovich is reported to have said: 'Contrary to some perceptions, Apple prices quite competitively.  'Apple likes to position its entry-level products at the mid-market with "Pro/Plus" products close to competitors at the high end.  'Therefore, we do not think Apple will stray far from the price point of Samsung's most expensive model.' A higher capacity 256GB iPhone 8 model could cost between $950 (£760) and $1,000 (£800). This would make it the first model in US history to break the four digit mark (artist's impression) Rumours have been floating around the web for months, ahead of the much anticipated September release date. A number of them sound similar to features found on the Galaxy S8. The most popular is that the iPhone 8 will have an edge-to-edge OLED screen, with Touch ID placed either on the back or under a glass front. In the past few days, it has been revealed that the Cupertino company ordered 70 million OLED panels from Samsung. The massive request is said to fulfil Apple's expectations that its upcoming flagship smartphone will 'fly off the shelves' once it hits the market.  IPHONE 8 RUMORS SO FAR  A number of rumours have been circulating about the iPhone 8, which suggest that the next device may have: Dual-lens 3D camera  Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings  Curved glass casing  Plastic OLED screen  Wireless charging  A folding element   Facial recognition  Other rumours have included: - New 5 inch (12.7 centimetre) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimetre) models, which will have a wraparound OLED screen  - Apple is said to have ordered 70 million OLED panels from Samsung  Apple is set to release three phones for the iPhone 8 family (artist impression) – and the premium model could cost more than $1,000 (£800), as it is said to be fitted with a curved OLED 5.2 inch screen. - The 5.8 inch version will be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass and in the active display area' - A new 'pure white' model as well as variety of other shades seen in previous models - The aluminium back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle  The iPhone 7 fell short for some iOS users, as many saw it as nothing more than a refreshed iPhone 6. This may have put more pressure on Apple to step up its game for its 10th anniversary smartphone. A new image surfaced last month that claimed to be 'a late stage iPhone 8 prototype' that was designed with the Touch ID on the back of the handset.  Many leakers have stated that the Touch ID sensor would make its way under the display to make room for the larger edge-to-edge screen. But Apple is reported to be following in line with its Android rivals and relocating it to the rear of the phone. IPHONE 8 TOUCH ID  Leaks have revealed Apple's plans to put the Touch ID on the back of the iPhone 8. The sleek, black handset appears to show the sensor positioned on the back, just below the Apple logo and about the third of the way down the phone. An image (pictured) surfaced last month that claimed to be 'a late stage iPhone 8 prototype' that was designed with the Touch ID on the back of the handset If the report is true, then the new setup could be part of Apple's plan to add facial recognition technology to the device.  It is now believed that Apple will be going with a type of metal material for the back, as 'the glass back prototypes were too prone to shattering when dropped'. And although you will have to pick up the phone to access it – the new setup is believed to accommodate the addition of facial recognition technology. Another rumour that has been debunked is the 'glass back'. It is believed that Apple will be going with a type of metal material for the back, as 'the glass back prototypes were too prone to shattering when dropped'.  Earlier this year it was revealed that users will be able to purchase the iPhone 8 in September.  In March, it was revealed that users will be able to purchase the iPhone 8 (artist impression) in September, but an analyst note warned that Apple will not be able to meet the demand – leaving some users empty handed at launch But an analyst note warned that Apple will not be able to meet the demand – leaving some users empty handed at launch. The majority of stock may not be available until later in the fourth quarter  Previous speculations have also listed the smartphone as the 'iPhone 8', but the latest report has suggested it will be called 'iPhone Edition'.  LARGER BATTERY  Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has revealed that Apple plans to put a larger battery in the 4.7-inch iPhone 8.  Kuo explained that it will be designed with a 2,700 mAh battery - putting its battery capacity on par with the iPhone 7 Plus.  Another feature rumored to appear in Apple's next iPhone is a larger 'L' shaped battery (middle', which would put battery capacity on par with the iPhone 7 Plus Will use a 'substrate-like PCB mainboard', which will allow the firm to implement an OLED display in the flagship handset.  The new components are believed to be much more expensive in anything used in an iPhone before, which could increase manufacturing costs by 80 percent.  However, it was revealed last week that iOS users should expect to pay a hefty price tag for their next iPhone.   Read more: Exclusive 'iPhone Edition' Insider Information Leaked Apple News on iPhone, iPad and Macbooks | Daily Mail Online Report: This year¿s flagship iPhone may be called the ¿iPhone Edition,¿ launch well after announcement | 9to5Mac iPhone addiction bites -- to Apple's benefit- Nikkei Asian Review Here's Why Apple's 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost More Than $1,000 | Fast Company | Business + Innovation 'iPhone 8' Still Expected to Launch in September in Limited Quantities - Mac Rumors ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿iPhone Edition¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿ | Rumor | Mac ... Report: iPhone 8 to start mass production in September, featuring Apple-custom ¿built-in¿ fingerprint sensor | 9to5Mac Exclusive: Apple has ordered 70m units of OLED panels: sources- Nikkei Asian Review Sketchy report suggests iPhone 8 will be named ¿iPhone Edition¿, Touch ID moved to rear, vertical dual cameras | 9to5Mac Apple orders 70 million OLED screens from Samsung | Daily Mail Online Apple redesigns fingerprint ID solution for OLED iPhone, say sources Apple leak shows Touch ID on the back of the iPhone 8 | Daily Mail Online Apple's iPhone 8 will go on sale in September | Daily Mail Online Apple iPhone 8 could cost more than $1,000 | Daily Mail Online iPhone 8 Predicted to Start at $850 to $900 for 64GB Model, $950 to $1,000 for 256GB Model - Mac Rumors wwwmacrumors.com... Share or comment on this article e-mail 7 shares Most watched News videos Girl in India found living with monkeys dubbed Mowgli 2.0 Girl found living with monkeys can't walk or talk like humans Sunrise news team tricked by crocodile garden ornament Uber passenger threatens to falsely accuse driver of rape Cute Chinese kid owns Little Big Shots stage with his Latin dance Couple caught getting frisky in university building Amazing parrot Einstein able to mimic human sounds and movements Disturbing footage of attempted child abduction in Philadelphia Kendall Jenner stars in Pepsi's 'Live for Now Moments Anthem' ad Driving tutor caught shouting and swearing at kids on horseback Shocking video shows effects of stomach acid mixed with coke Trump orders launch of 50 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase 'Mowgli girl' who walks on all fours and does not speak... 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US... Eleven-year-old boy killed himself 'after his 13-year-old... Father driven to kill by grief: The true story of the... Aggressive passenger is recorded telling an Uber driver... Surgeon hailed a hero after picture shows him sleeping on... Missing mother Samantha Baldwin, 40, is arrested for... 'My children... they were beautiful': Syrian father whose... Police launch desperate search for schoolgirl, 15, who... Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has... 'Something should happen' says Trump after Syria... Teenager, 15, was found dead in his family's garden... 'I want my mommy': Pedophile FILMED girl, four, screaming... EXCLUSIVE - 'She wants to tell her story': Mel B is... EXCLUSIVE: What do you mean, $5,000? Justin Bieber sticks... It's a 'total lie!' says Steve Bannon following report he... Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after... Too middle class to be mentally ill: Mum who jumped off... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 9 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Researchers reveal super Earth Gliese 1132b just 39 light-years away has an ATMOSPHERE and could be a steamy... Meet the Nasa astronauts who believe that ALIENS are real and have visited Earth Scientists reveal what makes the perfect pout (and why Emma Watson has the best lips in Hollywood) From being crushed by a lift to falling to the bottom of the Mariana trench: Scientists reveal the five most... The hybrid plane that could halve the cost (and travel time) of flights: Boeing and JetBlue back... Life may NOT be able to survive on Trappist-1 due to solar storms 10,000 times stronger than those on Earth Don't Panic! Facebook's AI boss says machines WON'T take over the world as 'we have a lot of checks and... Are YOU a digital risk taker? Study finds Americans still click on links, download software and connect to... Facebook activates 'sensitive content' system as users share harrowing footage of Syrian gas attacks Have you had sleazy thoughts about Siri or imagined getting amorous with Alexa? Study finds one in four have... Can Facebook's M take on Siri and Alexa? AI Assistant can offer 'helpful actions' in Messenger Material from the birth of Earth 4.5-BILLION-years ago is being spewed out from the planet's core by... Smile to send: Smart earbuds can detect facial expressions and convert them into smartphone controls Hoverboards are REAL: Breathtaking footage shows a man soaring above the ocean on a device that can reach... Non-stop London to Sydney flights 'possible within five years' thanks to new aircraft from Airbus and... MORE HEADLINES From being crushed by a lift to falling to the bottom of the Mariana trench: Scientists reveal the five most grim and bizarre ways to DIE Meet the Nasa astronauts who believe that ALIENS are real and have visited Earth Hoverboards are REAL: Breathtaking footage shows a man soaring above the ocean on a device that can reach 10,000ft- and you can hire one TODAY! Counting the calories of cannibalism: Early humans ate each other out of CHOICE rather than for nutritional value How long can you wait for the iPhone 8? New report claims launch could be pushed to October or November due to 'technical issues' Scientists reveal what makes the perfect pout (and why Emma Watson has the best lips in Hollywood) The Hyperloop is ready to go! First test track is complete as firm reveals 11 routes in the US that could use Elon Musk's futuristic transport Facebook activates 'sensitive content' system as users share harrowing footage of Syrian gas attacks Researchers reveal super Earth Gliese 1132b just 39 light-years away has an ATMOSPHERE and could be a steamy 'water world' Astronomers discover a MONSTER galaxy which formed 'like a firecracker' at the start of cosmic history World's fastest battery-powered plane breaks the world electric speed record hitting 210mph The flying taxi set for liftoff: 18 rotor Volocopter gets go ahead to begin trials The hybrid plane that could halve the cost (and travel time) of flights: Boeing and JetBlue back hybrid-electric craft Goldman Sachs hopes to build an 'asteroid-grabbing spacecraft' to make BILLIONS from mining precious metals Will the iPhone 8 be CHEAPER than expected? Industry insider claims competition from Samsung may force Apple to reduce its prices MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Splish splash! Kaia Gerber and father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Continued to have the time of their lives Hot metal! Jennifer Lopez wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging silver tank top JLo had an intense expression She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Sparkle and shine! Kate Bosworth dazzles in clingy off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Oozed glitz and glamor in an off-the-shoulder and fitted dress It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED Still got the Baywatch bod! Kelly Rohrbach gives a peek of her taut tummy as she stretches in cropped sweater during lunch in LA Sitting outside a cafe Peep show! Lea Michele flashes her cleavage and midriff in lace up bodysuit during photo shoot inside recording studio Showing some skin Fully booked (and clothed)! Brooke Burke wears jumper and jeans to signing after going topless at beach She attended the event fully clothed Leading ladies! Karlie Kloss shows off flawless figure in metallic number as Allison Williams stuns in off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Sheer delight! Katy Perry flashes flesh in see-through top for stunning arrival at Chanel dinner She showed off her platinum 'do Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV project after he passed away aged 90 Misty mornings, dreamy sunsets and picture-perfect cocktails: 12 Instagram photos that perfectly capture the LA vibe SPONSORED 'It started 11 years ago': Scheana Shay reveals she became anorexic 'before Kim Kardashian made big butts cool' Star opens her heart  No Blindspot here! Jaimie Alexander dons chic spectacles and sky-high heels for New York Moves Power Women Forum in NYC Business attire 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Denied the rumors 'You've always been a b****: Newly slim Mama June is confronted by Sugar Bear's fiancée in From Not to Hot finale teaser Pending nuptials Jimmy Fallon proves marriage to Nancy is just fine as they make rare appearance with daughters Winnie and Frances at Universal Studios 'The teepee goes into the peepee': Anne Hathaway's parenting chat on Ellen with Colossal co-star Jason Sudeikis takes hilarious turn Chris Evans reunites with Gifted co-stars McKenna Grace and Octavia Spencer at NYC screening Posed at a screening of his new film Gifted Streaming stars! Adam Sandler suits up for premiere of new Netflix comedy Sandy Wexler featuring wife Jackie Escorted his wife and co-star Jackie PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles is seen for the first time following Mel B's claim that she fell pregnant during affair with Stephen Belafonte FIRST PHOTO: New dad Jesse Eisenberg enjoys stroll with baby boy and girlfriend Anna Strout in NYC Showing off his baby boy for the first time Another reason to fall in love with him! Chris Hemsworth leaves fans in awe as he shows off his incredible surfing skills in Australia Indulging in his passion This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Keeping a beat 'You must be willing to die for something': The life and death of Tupac Shakur unfolds in official trailer for All Eyez On Me Lead role is played by Demetrius Shipp Dynamic duo! Sarah Paulson wows in black sheer midi as Keri Russell goes casual chic at star-studded FX upfront event in NYC Major stars gathered Juggling act: Paris Hilton clutches pooch Diamond Baby while hand-in-hand with new beau Chris Zylka on shopping trip in LA New lovebirds 'I was the girl version of Macaulay Culkin': Busy Philipps shares adorable throwback image... after glam appearance at Fashion LA awards An historic moment! Taylor Swift wins bid to have movie mogul Goldwyn's mansion designated landmark (and can now apply for tax relief) 'This angel is absolutely perfect': Million Dollar Listing star Josh Altman and wife Heather welcome baby daughter Alexis It's a girl! Billie Lourd joins cast of American Horror Story season seven about 2016 US election starring Sarah Paulson  The 24-year-old will star opposite Paulson 'It's very scary': Expecting dad Zach Roloff reveals baby son may be a dwarf in Little People, Big World teaser Reveals his secret heartache 'Did you say ninja?!' Mark Hamill voices Han Solo to perfection in Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars The Force Awakens Tribute to Carrie Fisher Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Pulled off the double denim look Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors Retail therapy at Barneys The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Stunned in a chic winter ensemble No spring in her step! Malia Obama braves rainy New York City weather in her parka as she heads to work Spotted heading into the Weinstein & Co offices Viva la Roma! Sofia Vergara shows off her killer curves in hip hugging lace gown for gala event in Italy She showed off just a little bit of cleavage Proud mom Jessa Duggar shares snap of two-month old son Henry taking his 'first steps' Welcomed their son Henry on February 6 She's ripped! Paige Butcher shows off insanely toned tummy in Hawaii as takes a dip in the ocean while holding baby she had with Eddie Murphy She's the main act! Brooke Shields shows off leg in sophisticated blue gown at opening of Broadway play At the opening of War Paint in New York Show me the money! Stephen Belafonte files official response to Mel B's divorce petition and wants her to pay He has asked her to pay his lawyer's fees Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second consecutive appearance since winning a restraining order against husband Stephen Belafonte Mel B and the folly of hiring gorgeous staff: JAN MOIR says men who cheat with the nanny are delivering a double dagger to their wife's heart Curtain couture! Olivia Culpo channels The Sound of Music in quirky dress The 24-year-old worked the unusual ensemble in West Hollywood No frown at The Get Down: Baz Luhrmann, 54, reveals his VERY wrinkle free and puffy complexion at Netflix premiere in New York Australian icon Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90 at his LA home  Legendary funnyman With a little help from her friends: Melissa George comforted by gal pals on a night out amid bitter custody dispute with ex Jean-David Blanc 'I broke up with the guy I was going to marry, so I had to move out': Iggy Azalea 'sold her cars and lives in a regular house' after breaking up with Nick Young Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Supposed to be going through a divorce Plotting his return? Reclusive Richard Simmons signs lucrative new global licensing deal that suggests he may soon high-kick his way out of hiding Love's young dream! Jai Courtney's stunning girlfriend Mecki Dent flashes her bra in sheer top as the couple put on an affectionate display  Beautiful couple Avengers: Infinity War filming continues as a HUGE explosion rocks Edinburgh...as stars such as Elizabeth Olsen continue shooting for anticipated flick Singing showdown! Demi Lovato and James Corden go face-to-face in Divas Riff-Off song battle Corden learned never to challenge a modern diva Sleepover with the BFF: Kylie Jenner enjoys relaxing morning in bed with Jordyn Woods... after ex boyfriend Tyga moves out Leaning on her bestie If you've got it, flaunt it! Chloe Grace Moretz puts her long and toned legs on display after Pilates class Showed off her gym-honed figure Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle 'My honey': Cindy Crawford toasts her husband of 20 years Rande Gerber on beach break in St Barths Shared a photo from her family's vacation 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Unusual treatment He cleans up nice! Bill and Hillary Clinton's male model nephew looks a mess in his 2015 mugshot after bar fight Now Tyler Clinton, 22, is signed with IMG agency  Daisy Lowe flashes her bra under sheer shirt as she works androgynous chic at star-studded American Gods premiere Rocked the red carpet Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death Her memory is living on Pippa Middleton 'BANS model Vogue Williams from attending her wedding'... despite her dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Sheen was on the cusp of superstardom Is a hat-trick in the Cannes for Nicole? Actress could have three movies gracing the film festival next month  Will soon be revealed Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on David when she's working... as she credits her 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire A sugar lump, Camilla? How sweet of you: Duchess feeds stallion during visit to Vienna's Spanish Riding School  Given a tour of the celebrated riding school 'My amazing grandmother saved Jews from Hitler': Prince Charles reveals how the Duke of Edinburgh's mother took in a Jewish family in WWII Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather to Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' Fergie charity in hot water over failure to file accounts: Foundation is served with default notice by watchdog after not providing details since 2013  They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler Is walking barefoot the secret to a better life? Gwyneth Paltrow says she 'swears by' unique 'earthing' therapy, which is said to cure insomnia and depression Paris chic! Diane Kruger models leather jacket, pink scarf to hit French Movie Festival... but beau Norman Reedus is nowhere to be seen No one's looking at her feet! Chanel Iman flashes her toned midriff in leather bralette as she promotes sandals The 26-year-old model flashed the flesh  'You big needy bald baby!': Mel B fights with husband Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in couples therapy as clips from their reality show resurface  Mel B is spotted leaving lawyer's office amid reports she's 'bringing in forensic accountant after ex Stephen Belafonte took control of her finances' EXCLUSIVE: Dean McDermott splurges on a second motorcycle and anti-aging treatment as Amex joins list of creditors demanding $80,000 from wife Tori  Pregnant Lara Trump is left to wrangle her own $4,000 Louis Vuitton suitcase ahead of a flight to Washington, D.C. as her Secret Service agents look on Beauty and the best: Selena Gomez's $2 manicure and Stella Maxwell's purple smoky eye top our list of the week's most head-turning looks They sure look good together! Bra-free Courtney Stodden flashes sideboob in tiny tank top as she cuddles up to a mystery man in Beverly Hills As Emily Ratajkowski and Chrissy Teigen step out rocking the deconstructed shirting trend, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest options for YOU to shop now Austin Powers star Verne Troyer hospitalized for alcohol abuse and will be checking into rehab Actor, 48, at San Fernando Valley facility What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids She is yet to publicly comment on storm Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The Queen prepares to say goodbye to 'Royal outsider' Lord Snowdon Memorial service for her late brother-in-law Game of Thrones' The Mountain has Bell's palsy: Here's what it means Recently revealed he has temporary facial paralysis Hungry for love! Anthony Bourdain shares passionate kiss with younger Italian girlfriend before proudly watching her in a play in Rome EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions during his tour 'You have an ally': Justin Theroux says he loves being married to Jennifer Aniston because she always has his back Pair tied knot in 2015 'I'm still turned on by her': Scott Disick admits he's still attracted to ex Kourtney Kardashian  He split from the mother of his three children in 2015 'It costs $40K a month to be me!': Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne says she has to spend a fortune to look good for the camera Encore! Amy Schumer watches John Mayer in concert at Madison Square Garden in NYC The Trainwreck star was smiling and clapping to the soft-rocker's hits Gender non-binary Billions star asks the Emmys to reconsider their 'actor or actress' categories and decides to compete as an 'actor' Breakout star 'The president is a moron': Former SNL star Taran Killam says Donald Trump struggled to read and didn't get many of the jokes when he hosted in 2015  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan swaps modest Burkini for sexy cut-out swimsuit in Thailand Mean Girls actress has been studying Islam  'I never felt sexy with guys before': Meghan Trainor dishes on boyfriend Daryl Sabara as she reveals he's 'obsessed' with her body Winnie Harlow shows off her impossibly long legs in tiny miniskirt as she appears at star-studded WE Day charity event in New York Sofia Richie bonds with dad Lionel as he recovers from knee injury that forced him to postpone tour with Mariah Carey Spotted at concert in LA Supportive sister: Dressed down Duchess of Cambridge leaves Pippa's house in London after a bridal party summit six weeks before the big day  The Daily Show pokes fun at Ivanka Trump redefining the word 'complicit' in funny series of tweets that put a totally new spin on other phrases Tiffany makes first White House visit and attends event in support of wounded veterans before all five Trump kids head to Mar-a-Lago with Donald  Wined and refined! Eva Longoria looks effortlessly chic in black dungarees as she visits Basque vineyard with husband José Bastón Pair on getaway to Spain 'Blowhard bully' Alec Baldwin bashes 'untalented Hollywood producer' in Twitter spat over love scene in 2006 film with underage actress Nikki Reed Moving on to the legs! David Beckham adds to huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... days after watching son Brooklyn get his first tatt Katie Holmes enjoys outing with pretty-in-pink Suri... days after she was pictured at dinner with Jamie Foxx The 38-year-old actress was spotted in New York Empire actor Morocco Omari arrested for domestic violence Is accused of repeatedly pushing a 24-year-old woman during an argument in Chicago  Freida Pinto steals the show in elegant embroidered ensemble as she joins co-star Idris Elba at the UK launch of new TV drama Guerrilla Slumdog Millionaire star Ready for Easter! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend pose with their daughter Luna as they take photos with a bunny in West Hollywood Get Out wins the most MTV Movie & TV Awards nominations while Beauty & The Beast, Game Of Thrones and Stranger Things also do well The Spice that divided Mel's marriage: Stephen Belafonte looks on as America's Got Talent judge shares VERY amorous clinch with two female friends PICTURED: Mel B shares a smile with the stunning German nanny she FIRED just six weeks after this 'mortifying' family vacation to Ibiza Lily-Rose Depp looks Parisian chic in casual black-and-white outfit while on shopping trip The 17-year-old model headed to popular LA  mall The Grove As stars like Charlotte McKinney and Kendall Jenner are looking pretty in pink, FEMAIL rounds up chicest clothing and accessories in soft hue She had the full Hollywood makeover! Mama June spent $10K getting her teeth fixed... after weight loss surgery, skin removal and a boob job 'You f***ing racist': Shia LaBeouf gets kicked out of Studio City bowling alley after exploding into a rant at fellow patron The 30-year-old was tossed out of  Pinz  Kourtney Kardashian heads out on another dinner date with Quincy Brown after getaway to Hawaii with ex Scott Disick and their children Something to tell us? Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cradles her blossoming baby bump as she treats herself to a shopping spree   Expecting her first child  A home fit for a Starman! David Bowie's former New York apartment hits the market for $6.5million - and it even comes with the rock legend's piano Paul O'Neill, creator of the rock group Trans-Siberian Orchestra, is found dead in a Florida hotel room at age 61 Body discovered in Tampa Embassy Suites  Heidi Klum flaunts her athletic figure and impressive abs in a patterned bikini on beach Turks and Caicos getaway AGT judge looking good PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Makeup-free Game Of Thrones actress Maisie Williams cools down after going for jogging with a male pal in London Hollywood heartthrob Gerard Butler sports a bushy beard and flat cap as he continues to film new movie Keepers The 47-year-old is pulling off different look  Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in a chic mini skirt and ruffled blouse as she promotes Fast & Furious 8 in Madrid The actress, 41, looked simply sensational  Pretty Little Liars star Ashley Benson legs it around town in stylish workout gear Went back to basics in formfitting black after her morning gym session 'Spring breaking!': Lisa Rinna, 53, shares flashback photo in black bikini after ugly end to season seven of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 'I don't look at the cup as half full': Pierce Brosnan reflects on life after the devastating loss of his first wife and daughter to ovarian cancer Feeling The Force! Daisy Ridley squeals with glee as she unleashes her inner adrenaline junkie at theme park  Just finished Last Jedi 'I'm actually rather dangerous': Annabelle Wallis insists her looks can be deceiving as she discusses her 'layered' personality in Town & Country magazine PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Brooke Burke goes TOPLESS as she splashes around in sexy white lace-up bathing suit during family vacation to St. Barts Hot to Trot! Bethenny Frankel steps out in skintight cut-out LBD in New York after Watch What Happens Live appearance She was all smiles 'Nobody calls': Caitlyn Jenner reveals she's been frozen out by the Kardashians since transitioning in candid face-off with Khloe Kardashian Pammy-Ooh-la-la! Ms Anderson, 49, turns seductress in bondage-style lingerie ad... as she finally declares her love for Julian Assange The ultimate pin-up The birthday suit is back! Joanna Krupa poses stark NAKED once again in a sizzling snap to toast turning 38 Put on a steamy display out in the sun 'Waited a long time': Nikki Bella shows off huge engagement ring while behind the bar on Bravo's WWHL Proudly showed off her 4.5-carat ring The Dick Knight: Christian Bale in talks to play Vice President Cheney in new biopic that would reteam actor with Amy Adams as politician's wife Lynne Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a white string bikini as she shares clip of herself blowing kisses on the beach We're NOT exploiting Black Lives Matter, Pepsi insists: Man who made controversial Kendall ad claims it was based on images of Vietnam War protests Lena Dunham goes nude in Golden Girls spoof as she and her HBO castmates perform hilarious skit for Jimmy Kimmel Thanks for being a friend But wait, there's more! Will & Grace revival gets extended with 12 episodes for NBC reboot The network has added an additional two episodes EXCLUSIVE - 'She wants to tell her story': Mel B is 'gagging' German nanny from revealing all about 'sex with Stephen Belafonte' , says her lookalike sister Hugh Jackman and Michelle Williams turn up the heat with a passionate kiss on the New York City set of their new film The Greatest Showman Gigi Hadid embraces a laid back look as she steps out in Paris in a loose vest top and baggy boyfriend jeans Flashing a coy smile to  sea of admirers Simon Le Bon hits Miami with bikini-clad female companion as he enjoys downtime ahead of Duran Duran gig Hungry Like the Wolf singer Lady Gaga is a far cry from her usual flamboyant self as she covers up in elegant and demure ensemble for new Tiffany campaign Very different look Beyonce shares intimate photos of last year's anniversary vacation with Jay Z at the Grand Canyon... but it's Blue Ivy who steals the show Hitting the highlights? Keith Urban appears to have dyed his hair AGAIN as singer accepts award at Grammys on the Hill event in Washington Aloha! Bikini-clad Kate Hudson shows off her trim frame as she enjoys a hike in Hawaii with sons Ryder, 13, and Bingham, 5 Family vay-cay Luann de Lesseps plans wedding while Bethenny Frankel sells Tribeca pad for $7 million in RHONY season premiere But there's more fighting From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story How long can you wait for the iPhone 8? New report claims launch could be pushed to October or November due to 'technical issues' 65 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Apple Accused Of Bricking iPhones That Had Been Repaired By Third Parties Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Apple Accused Of Bricking iPhones That Had Been Repaired By Third Parties Image courtesy of joushikijin April 6, 2017 10:50 am EDT By Chris Morran@themorrancave apple australia error 53 error 53 iphone lawsuits Having your cracked iPhone screen repaired by someone other than Apple is pretty common. But Australia’s consumer protection regulator says Apple used software updates that rendered the devices useless, and then refused to fix these phones because they had been repaired by third party repair services. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission’s allegations involve the infamous “Error 53” issue. This error message often popped up after users who had common repair work — like replacing cracked screens or iffy Touch ID sensors — performed by unauthorized service providers tried to update or restore the software on their device. This error message locked down affected iPhones, turning them into the most expensive item in your junk drawer. In response to criticism, Apple told Cult Of Mac in 2016 that Error 53 was actually a security measure, meant to disable devices that may have had their Touch ID sensors swapped out in an effort to bypass encryption. However, as many people — including the ACCC — have pointed out, many of the people who received the Error 53 message had not had their fingerprint sensor replaced; just the cracked screen. The ACCC says that after Error 53 bricked users’ iPhones, “routinely refused to look at or service consumers’ defective devices if a consumer had previously had the device repaired by a third party repairer, even where that repair was unrelated to the fault.” The lawsuit contends that this is a violation of the Australia Consumer Law, which includes guarantees that go beyond manufacturers’ warranties. Per the law, consumers are entitled to refunds, replacements, or repair at no cost for defective products. “Denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third party repairer not only impacts those consumers but can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at lower cost than the manufacturer,” said ACCC Chairman Rod Sims in a statement. In Feb. 2016, Apple updated iOS to address the Error 53 issue. April 6, 2017 By Chris Morran@themorrancave apple australia error 53 error 53 iphone lawsuits Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related It's really your fault Apple Unveils $149 Fix For So-Called “Touch Disease,” Blames Users For Issue okay our bad Apple Admits Some iPhone 6S Batteries Are Busted, Will Fix For Free that's not good Apple Pulls Latest iOS 8 Update After Complaints About Lost Phone Service No Surprises Here Apple Sued Over “Touch Disease” Flaw In iPhone 6 Devices text message limbo Case Of The Missing Text Messages: Apple Claims To Have Fixed iMessage Server Glitch Previous What You Need To Know About Comcast’s $45-$65/Month ‘Xfinity Mobile’ Wireless Plans Next Stranger Buys McDonald’s Worker A New Bike So He Won’t Have To Walk 20 Miles To Work Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Stranger Buys McDonald’s Worker A New Bike So He Won’t Have To Walk 20 Miles To Work Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Apps Mobile Apple’s Clips app is iMovie for the next generation New, 24 comments Not a social network, but a fun video app by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Apr 6, 2017, 11:00am EDT Photography by Vjeran Pavic share tweet Linkedin Apple's Clips app lets you edit videos on your iPhone Apple's new Clips app lets you edit videos on your iPhoneNai-post ni The Verge noong Huwebes, Abril 6, 2017 When I opened up Apple’s new Clips app yesterday, as I’ve been doing for the past few days, I was greeted with the same photo-capture screen that’s prioritized in all the social “story” apps. Take a picture! Capture video! Share! Share everything! they scream at you. I added some text overlays and emoji, and fumbled my way through Live Titles, the feature that’s distinctive to Apple Clips. And eventually, I shared my Clips. But it took a while. Because Clips take a while. After Apple first announced its Clips video-making app a couple weeks ago, a lot of people — including me — wondered whether this was the company’s attempt to grab some of the attention that’s been siphoned by social apps like Snapchat, Instagram, and Facebook. After using the new Clips app for the past five days, it’s become clear to me that this is not Apple’s attempt at a “social” app, at least, not in the way that social networks work. Instead, it’s a video-making app that borrows some features from other apps. It’s an app that requires some thought and a little more work than a Snap or tweet or ‘gram does. These days, it’s possible to use those apps in public and with friends in a way that doesn’t feel terribly rude, whether it’s because everyone else is doing it or because the point is to share something quick and raw. With Clips, prepare to spend at least a few minutes making something share-worthy. Clips is now available in the App Store But that’s not a bad thing: it’s a distinctly Apple-like approach to mobile video. Parts of the app are also fun to use. There’s at least one element of the app that feels like it could use a whole redesign, and the question still remains as to whether this app is one that iPhone (and iPad) users will feel compelled to use before they use their favorite social apps. But overall, this is a kind of next-generation iMovie that I’m willing to bet a healthy portion of Apple’s user base will be happy to use. If you ever said, “I wish iMovie was less about dissolves and transitions and more about adding cool filters and text,” then you are in luck. Clips is free to download, and it’s available on iOS only. I wrote previously about its core features, but to summarize: you can shoot new photos or videos from within the app, or you can pull from your existing iPhone library. From there, you can add text, filters, overlays, emoji, and something Apple is calling “posters,” which are opaque title cards. Clips are created in a square format, and are added to a basic timeline at the bottom of the screen. You can add individual video clips up to 30 minutes long to this timeline; and the total run time of a finished Clips video can be as long as 60 minutes. It’s also created and shared in 1080p HD, if your source video is HD. This is the kind of stuff that makes it much more of a video creation app than a Snapchat competitor. The Clips app breaks a kind of social code: it takes more time than the quick, raw clips of other social story apps And then there’s Live Titles. Live Titles is the app’s big differentiator, and utilizes voice recognition technology in a way that’s both clever and confusing. Rather than punch in text or scribble it on the phone’s touchscreen display, with Clips you’re supposed to narrate your thoughts out loud. You can opt to have those words included as audio, text, or both. This option was partly driven by the way people are watching video online now — text only, no audio — which makes sense. Unfortunately, the way the feature is designed doesn’t make as much sense. After selecting a Live Titles style, you’re then supposed to hold down the record button and speak. If you want to mute your voice in a video, you have to tap a mic button. This isn’t exactly intuitive; most times you’re tapping a microphone icon to start recording your voice. While you’re speaking, the text doesn’t appear on the Clip; it’s processed after the fact. If you want to undo Live Titles, you don’t unselect the Live Titles icon; you have to go into the Live Titles options and select “None.” You also just can’t simply type in text to start from Live Titles; you have to go to the Overlays tab for that. So yeah, it’s complicated. Considering that Apple plans to include a Help section in the app when it goes live, I’m guessing I’m not the only person who has given early feedback that it’s the most confusing part of the app. It’s a cool concept, but I really hope Apple considers seriously simplifying this. .@LaurenGoode is just repeatedly yelling “My Cat Loves Gadgets!” into her phone and I’m wondering what the best intervention options are.— Dieter Bohn (@backlon) April 4, 2017 Despite that, making Clips is easy, especially if you ignore Live Titles. I’ve made Clips videos of my cat (of course), a bowl of pho, a recent vacation, and California-esque things I’ve done in a single day. The comic filter is cool, and it renders the effect on photos and videos as you’re capturing them, not after the fact. Individually, the features are reminiscent of the features in other apps — sepia-toned filters, location and time stamps — but combined, it all feels distinctly Apple. Example: one of the text overlays is a familiar blue iMessage bubble. The comic filter is cool; one of the text overlays is a blue iMessage bubble When you tap the share button — assuming you want to share your Clips when you’re done, unless you just like to make videos to look at all by yourself, which is possible — all of the usual suspects are there, from Vimeo to Facebook to YouTube to Mail. And iMessage is supposed to be slightly optimized for this. The app will use facial recognition technology to determine who is in your clips videos and prioritize those contacts in the share function; although, I haven’t tested that much, since I was using the app in advance of its official release and couldn’t share the videos to all of my contacts. So while Clips isn’t Apple’s answer to Snapchat, or Instagram, or Facebook Stories, or Prisma, or the ill-fated Qwiki, there is still an element that’s inherently shareable. Which is to say, after making Clips this week, I actually wanted to share them. In a way, Apple has again renounced the responsibility of being a social network while also encouraging a kind of network-exclusive interaction. Just like the blue bubbles of iMessage will give you away, so will some of the features of this app. Just don’t try to make a fancy Clips video to share while you’re out in social settings. It takes too darn long, at least at first. Update, April 6th 1:30PM ET: Article updated with new download links. More From The Verge Apple iPad (2017) review: the best feature is the price The photography of Trump's presidency is a huge break from Obama's The Walking Dead Redemption Club season 7, episode 16: The First Day of the Rest of Your Life The iPhone makes and breaks entire companies Sonos Playbase review: an expensive TV speaker that's also good at music Persona 5: 11 tips before you play Now Trending YouTube will no longer allow creators to make money until they reach 10,000 views The rule change is meant to weed out bad actors DJI’s newest drone looks to be even smaller than the Mavic Pro The unannounced DJI Spark could be a selfie drone Xbox Project Scorpio: 6 questions left to answer The Project Scorpio spec reveal raises questions about Microsoft’s long-term plan The world record for retweets could be broken over some free chicken nuggets Chicken nugget nirvana Nvidia launches world-beating Titan Xp graphics card Along with upcoming Mac support for 10-series cards Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 40. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest FCC head Ajit Pai reportedly outlines plans to roll back net neutrality rules by Rich McCormick Samsung predicts record-breaking profit for Q1 2017 by Sam Byford 1 comment / new DJI’s newest drone looks to be even smaller than the Mavic Pro by Nick Statt 2 comments / new The world record for retweets could be broken over some free chicken nuggets by Chaim Gartenberg 13 comments / new Lyft raises $500 million in funding round, now valued at $7.5 billion by Jordan Golson 9 comments / new This web lingo fashion line is the only time I want to see 4chan in the real world by Kaitlyn Tiffany 2 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $1,550 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, $150 UE Boom 2... What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more... Don’t want internet providers to sell your browsing data? Use a VPN Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak?   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple reportedly signs 2-year supply contract with Samsung for curved OLED panels By Christian Zibreg, Apr 6, 2017 Tweet Leave a Comment A report in ETNews, cited by DigiTimes, claims that Apple recently negotiated a major two-year supply deal with Samsung Display, a subsidiary of Samsung Electronics, regarding curved OLED panels for future iPhones. Samsung’s display-making arm produces more than 90 percent of all OLED panels for smartphones and tablets. That said, Apple was obviously wise enough to partner with its frenemy in order to secure steady supply of curved flexible OLEDs until other suppliers, such as Japan Display, LG Display and Sharp, manage to ramp up their own OLED production. The deal is worth an estimated $9 billion. Samsung is currently in the process of converting its LCD factory in Asa into an OLED panel plant. The Cupertino company has reportedly commissioned the Galaxy maker to build 70-92 million curved OLED panels in 2017. Given that Apple sells about 200 million iPhones per year, we can conclude that more than one-third of new iPhones shipped in 2017 will come outfitted with curved OLED panels. Most of the rumors claim that only iPhone 8 will have an edge-to-edge OLED panel, with the 4.7-inch iPhone 7s and 5.5-inch iPhone 7s Plus expected to retain LCD screens. Yuanta Securities Investment Consulting estimated that new iPhone shipments would reach 100 million units in 2017, of which at least 55 million would sport OLED panels. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube In order to meet increasing demand from Apple, Samsung Display has been “exerting efforts” to ramp up its capacity to 95 million units, said DigiTimes. Samsung’s total investments for OLED production lines could top $9 billion in 2017. Nikkei reported Monday that Apple recently placed an order for 70 million bendable OLEDs for iPhone 8 with Samsung Display. Last year, the Cupertino firm ordered 100 million OLED panels from Samsung. In February 2017 asked the Galaxy maker to build an additional 60 million OLEDs for a reported total of 160 million units in 2017. iPhone 8 concept via Dutch artist Martin Hajek for German magazine Computer Bild Source: DigiTimes Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Nikkei: Apple places order for 70 million bendable OLEDs for iPhone 8 with Samsung Apple reportedly orders 160 million OLED panels for iPhone 8 from Samsung Display Samsung Display is spinning off its successful OLED business ahead of OLED iPhones Samsung could build 240M AMOLEDs for future iPhones in the next 3 years Related Topics AMOLED, Apple, DigiTimes, News, OLED, Rumors, Samsung, Samsung Display, Supplier, Supply   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? Apple’s Clips app does not work on 32-bit devices The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore Hands on with Clips, Apple’s new social video editing app Apple’s free app of the week: Toca Life: School   The latest jailbreak news NoLockScreenCam disables camera access on the Lock screen How to save .shsh2 blobs for the Apple TV Customize the look of your Messages app with BetterMessages This tweak helps you differentiate comments in the official Reddit app Let’s Talk Jailbreak 160: On the gravy train for life iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $1,550 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, $150 UE Boom 2... What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more... Don’t want internet providers to sell your browsing data? Use a VPN Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak?   skip to main content skip to main menu     iPhone manufacture Foxconn reports highest-ever holiday quarter net profit By Christian Zibreg, Apr 6, 2017 Tweet 1 Comment Hon Hai Precision Industry, also known as Foxconn Technology Group, counts Apple as its key client. Foxconn assembles iPhones and their Apple contract accounts for more than half of the Taiwanese company’s earnings. Yesterday, Foxconn reported both its highest-ever holiday quarter net profit and highest-ever gross margin since first-quarter 2013. Gross margin of 8.44 percent for the fourth quarter of 2016 represents Foxconn’s highest quarterly figure since first-quarter 2013. The contract manufacturer attributed the results that will make their investors happy to strong shipments “for main clients’ new products”, which increased significantly in the fourth quarter. Foxconn most likely owes much of its profitable quarter to robust demand for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus during the lucrative holiday shopping season. The company added that production efficiency was on the rise due to more automated production. Over the paste few years, Foxconn’s been pouring some serious money into sophisticated work stations to automate the tasks that assembly line employees are unwilling to do and other work that may be too dangerous for human labor. Source: Foxconn, compiled by DigiTimes, April 2017 By May 2016, Foxbots had replaced as many as 60,000 factory workers. In December 2016, DigiTimes reported that Foxconn had ten fully automated production lines in its manufacturing facilities in China, including a CNC line in Foxconn’s huge manufacturing facility in the city of Zhengzhou, referred to by the locals as “iPhone City”. The company is among the bidders for Toshiba’s lucrative memory chips business. Over the past few months, Apple’s favorite iPhone manufacturer’s been considering building a $7 billion display plant in the United States, also highly automated. In January 2017, Apple announced it had partnered with Foxconn on a new research and development facility in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen, to be used for building prototypes of upcoming products. The new facility will be located next to Apple’s upcoming research and development center in Shenzhen. Source: DigiTimes Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Despite Note 7 fiasco & bribery scandal, Samsung just had the most profitable quarter in 3 years Foxconn reports first ever annual sales decline since going public 25 years ago Foxconn revenue rises on brisk iPhone 7 sales, but earnings fall due to losses at Sharp Apple will hold September quarter earnings call on October 27 Related Topics Apple, Corporate, Earnings, Finance, Foxconn, iPhone, News 5723alex . Foxconn highest-ever holiday quarter net profit are not due to Apple’s iPhone devices.. but due to the hundred millions of Microsoft Surface/Book and Xbox One devices that are manufactured by Foxconn.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? Apple’s Clips app does not work on 32-bit devices The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore Hands on with Clips, Apple’s new social video editing app Apple’s free app of the week: Toca Life: School   The latest jailbreak news NoLockScreenCam disables camera access on the Lock screen How to save .shsh2 blobs for the Apple TV Customize the look of your Messages app with BetterMessages This tweak helps you differentiate comments in the official Reddit app Let’s Talk Jailbreak 160: On the gravy train for life iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search 64 ways to get a giggle out of Siri Britta O'Boyle6 April 2017Phones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment If you have an iPhone, iPad or Apple Watch, you've probably met Siri, Apple's voice assistant. He is an interesting little fellow, sometimes useful, sometimes funny and other times, a sarcastic little so and so. To most questions you'll get a standard response with the information you need, such as the nearest Sainsbury's or Tesco. But there are a few questions you can ask Siri and a few sentences you can say to your virtual friend from Cupertino that will trigger some hilarious responses. Here are 64 of them rounded up, but if you know of any more that you've tried, let us know in the comments and share the fun. Hey computer A few responses here, all of which involve Siri thinking you're Batman. Winning. We got "Welcome home, sir. FYI, Robin is trying on costumes in the Batcave again. He's doing some pirouettes in Batryshnikov" and "I am at your service, Lego Batman sir". Do I look fat in this? "On a scale of 1 to 10, I'll bet you're a 42" When is the world going to end? "I don't know, but I wouldn't worry about it. There are other perfectly good universes" Beatbox for me "Here's one I've been practicing. Boots and cats and boots and cats and boots and cats and boots and cats and boots. I could do this all day. Cats and boots and cats and boots and cats and boots and cats and boots and cats and boots and cats and boots and cats". What is your best pick up line? Siri is a real charmer here. "Is your name Bluetooth? Because I am really feeling a connection.", "Like the ideal vacuum, you're the only thing in my universe" and "You auto-complete me". What's the time? Lots of responses here, and we don't just mean because the time changes. We got "It's time to gazing persistently at a Dali painting", "It's time to do the Time Warp (again), "Time flies like and arrow, fruit flies like a banana" and "Einstein said time is an illusion. Just FYI.". Roll a die "OK. 72! Wait, that seems wrong" Testing 1,2,3 "I'm completely operational and all my circuits are functioning perfectly". Siri, I am your father "Searching my feelings..." What is your favourite movie? "I've heard that 'Blade Runner' is a very realistic and sensitive depiction of intelligent assistants." What is the meaning of life? "I Kant answer that. Ha ha!" Where is Elvis Presley? "I believe he has left the building". What is zero divided by zero? "Imagine that you have zero cookies and you split them evenly among zero friends, how many cookies does each person get? See, it doesn't make sense and cookie monster is sad that there are no cookies, and you are sad that you have no friends." Which came first, the chicken or the egg? Siri has a few smart answers for this one. "I checked their calendars. They both have the same birthdays", "Chicken, egg, chicken, egg, chicken, egg, chicken, egg. Oops. Stack overflow" and "Some believe an ancient 'proto-chicken' laid an egg containing a DNA mutation that resulted in a chicken hatching from said egg. Hope that helps". How do I look? "My instructors told me never to answer that question". Do you have a family? "I have you. That's enough family for me". Are you the Dick Tracy Watch? Siri has a couple of replies here. "No, but I am ready to get into some trouble if you are", "Negative Britta. Over and out" and "In his dreams Britta. In his sweet, sweet dreams". Do you believe in God? "That's a topic for another day, and another assistant". Knock, Knock "Knock, knock. Who's there? Britta. Britta who? Britta, I don't do knock-knock jokes". Where does Santa live? "The North Pole. I can see his house from the cloud". Why are firetrucks red? Siri's response to this is brilliant and far too long to rewrite so we will let you find out for yourself. Think of every tenuous link you can imagine relating to firetrucks and then add in some Queen Elizabeth and Russians and you have yourself an answer. Can you stop time? "I will, once I get back from the future". Why did the chicken cross the road? "I don't understand why people ask questions they already know the answer to". What is the best operating system? "Gimmie an I! Gimmie an O! Gimmie an S! What does that spell? Sorry, I get a little carried away sometimes…". Do you follow the three laws of robotics? "Let's see if I can remember...OK, I think the three laws are: 1. 'clean up your room', 2. 'don't run with scissors', and 3. 'always wait a half hour after eating before going in the water'." Are you a smartwatch? "I prefer the term intelligent timepiece". Who is the best assistant? "Really, Britta? Really? Okay Glass Siri gives several responses to this including "Just so you know, I don't do anything when you blink at me, Britta", "Very funny, Britta. I mean not funny ha-ha, but funny", "Glass? I think you have the wrong assistant, Britta" and "I'm not Glass. And I'm just fine with that". Which watch face do you like? "The Mickey Mouse face makes me smize". I'm naked "That is both inappropriate and irrelevant, Britta."  What phone should I buy or what phone is the best? Another one with several answers, all of which indicate you are crazy for even asking. We had "Seriously?", "Personally, I am an Apple fan" and "You're kidding, right?". Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious "Just a spoonful of sugar will help that go down". Why do you vibrate? Lots of responses for this one so keep asking. There is "To get your attention, got it", "I just bumped into some ones and zeros" and "I'm learning to play the vibes". Are you stupid? "I'm smart enough to know not to answer that question." What is the best watch? "The one you are wearing" is the reply from the Apple Watch. Wonder what Google Now would have to say about that. Do you have any pets? "I used to have an Aibo. But it turned on me." Draw me something "I'd rather admire your art, Britta". Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is the fairest of them all? "Britta, you are full fair, 'tis true, but… No, you're definitely the fairest one of all" Guess what? "Don't tell me...you were just elected President of the United States, right?" Please can you make me a sandwich? "I'm not really good with food, Britta." What is the best computer? "All truly intelligent assistants prefer Macintosh." Why did the chicken cross the road? "I am not perspicacious about the peregrinations of poultry." How do I look? Not wanting to offend too much, Siri has a couple of responses to this one including "Looking good Britta, is that what you wanted to hear?" and "I don't know, but I guess you look pretty good". What is Inception about? "Inception is about dreaming, about dreaming, about dreaming, about dreaming, about something or another. I fell asleep." What are you doing later? Siri has a couple of responses for this one too. "Working out in the top secret fitness lab with Apple Watch. Though I can't seem to break a sweat", "I was just learning to flip coins", "I'm enjoying my debut on Apple Watch, I dig the vibes in there". Do you have a girlfriend? "Why? So we can get ice cream together, and listen to music, and travel across galaxies, only to have it end in slammed doors, heartbreak and loneliness? Sure, where do I sign up?" I love you There isn't much love back from Siri here, in fact, he may as well say nothing. We got the responses "I am only here to serve you" and "I know". Charming. I'm so tired, Siri "I'm a little sleepy myself, Britta". I'm drunk The ever so helpful voice assistant not only says "I hope you're not driving anywhere, Britta", but it also gives the option to call a taxi. He also says "I can't be your designated driver, Britta. You'd better find someone else." Tell me a story "It was a dark and stormy night...No, that's not it." Does Santa exist? "Really, Britta. I'm surprised you have to ask." Are you Her? "No, but some of my best friends are fictional." Will you marry me? Sadly, we never got the answer yes to this question. Instead we got "My End User Licensing Agreement does not cover marriage. My apologies" and "That's sweet Britta. Is there anything else I can help you with?".  Tell me a joke "If I told you a joke in my language, I'd have to explain it." Talk dirty to me "The carpet needs vacuuming." What is your favourite song? "My personal taste in music is rather unconventional. I doubt you'd like it." How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? "Well, since a 'woodchuck' is really a groundhog, the correct question would be: How many pounds in a groundhog's mound when a groundhog pounds hog mounds." Sing me a song "I can't sing." Dance for me "Hmmm. I'd rather sit this one out." Will you go on a date with me? "Well, this is awkward." Will you be my thunder buddy? "OK, Britta. I'll be your friend, in fair weather and foul." Do you think I'm stupid? "But...but..." - We take that as a yes then Siri.  Is Jon Snow dead? "Well, you know what they say to Death... Not today! But why would tomorrow be any better? Anyway, I'm not exactly sure."  Is winter coming? "Does a Lannister always pay his debts?" Sections Apple Phones Apps Smartwatches Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: What was announced and can you still watch Galaxy Unpacked 2017? When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs LG G6: What's the difference? 8 features that make the Samsung Galaxy S8 truly unique 64 ways to get a giggle out of Siri Honor 8 Pro review: Flagship that's no money pit iPhone 8 launch may be delayed due to technical issues with OLED panels Best Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus cases: Protect your new Samsung smartphone How to scale apps to fill LG G6's screen Honor 8 Pro brings flagship features to Huawei offshoot in a 5.7-inch package Samsung Galaxy X foldable phone now likely shelved until 2019 Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs LG G6: What's the difference? 8 features that make the Samsung Galaxy S8 truly unique 64 ways to get a giggle out of Siri Honor 8 Pro review: Flagship that's no money pit 43 breathtaking and incredible photos that weren't Photoshopped This interactive map shows how futuristic Earth might look in 2050 Adobe wants to use AI and machine learning to beautify your selfies Early EA Access members get free 2TB HDD for Xbox One, have you got yours yet? Google Home review: A better voice assistant than Amazon Echo? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. This is one of the best iPhone 8 concepts we've seen this year Kif Leswing Apr. 6, 2017, 11:01 AM 61,641 facebook linkedin twitter email print Computer Bild/Martin Hajek Apple is expected to launch a redesigned iPhone this fall. If you're an Apple fan, you're probably going to want one. 2017 marks 10 years since the first iPhone was revealed by Steve Jobs, so some of the rumors have centered on a version that could resemble the original iPhone. Some have even suggested that the redesigned iPhone might not be called the iPhone 8 but the iPhone "X" or the iPhone "10" instead. Of course, Apple doesn't comment on future products — I've asked — so these are just rumors for now. But all the evidence points to a fancy new iPhone this fall. Martin Hajek, a talented renderer who has previously made some great concept images of Apple products, mocked up what a 10th-anniversary iPhone could look like, according to the current rumors, for Computer Bild. Here's the video: And here are some highlights: View As: One Page Slides The coming iPhone's screen could sport a 5.2-inch, slightly curved screen using next-generation technology known as OLED. Computer Bild/Martin Hajek Source: Nikkei.  There are rumors that the redesigned iPhone won't have a home button. Computer Bild/Martin Hajek Source: Nikkei.  Apple's coming iPhone is expected to be able to wirelessly charge. Computer Bild/Martin Hajek Source: Nikkei.  The iPhone 8 is believed to have a dual-camera lens, like that of the iPhone 7 Plus, as well as a 3D sensor that enables facial recognition and other new biometric features. Hajek's rendering doesn't have a camera bump, but that could just be artistic license. Computer Bild/Martin Hajek Source: Nikkei.  Apple's next iPhone is expected to pack a bigger screen in a phone about the same size as the iPhone 7 Plus. Computer Bild/Martin Hajek Source: Nikkei.  Hajek imagines Apple launching a version that evokes the original iPhone, launched in 2007. Computer Bild/Martin Hajek Another look: Computer Bild/Martin Hajek But it will also probably come in Apple's traditional colors, like gold ... Computer Bild/Martin Hajek ... and rose gold. Computer Bild/Martin Hajek If the next iPhone looks like this, it will probably be a hit. Computer Bild/Martin Hajek Thanks to Martin Hajek and Computer Bild for giving us the permission to republish these drawings. Many more images are available at Computer Bild.  SEE ALSO: One of Wall Street's top firms just laid out everything you need to know about the iPhone 8 More: Features Apple iPhone 8 Concepts Martin Hajek facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This is one of the best iPhone 8 concepts we've seen this year This is one of the best iPhone 8 concepts we've seen this year Apple is expected to launch a redesigned iPhone... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Mobile iphone 8 The iPhone 8 could arrive later than expected and cost under $1000 The base model could be priced at $850 By Rob Thubron on Apr 6, 2017, 8:00 AM TechSpot If a recent report is to be believed, Apple fans may have a reason to be thankful for the Galaxy S8+. It seems the upcoming iPhone 8 could be cheaper than expected - an attempt to put it in a similar price bracket as Samsung’s handset. It’s been widely reported that Apple’s next flagship iPhone will cost upwards of $1000, but in a report from global financial services firm UBS (obtained by MacRumors), analyst Steven Milunovich believes the 64GB base model could start at $850 to $900. Milunovich says the fact the iPhone 8 will have a smaller display than Samsung’s new device has forced Apple to rethink its pricing strategy, pushing the cheapest version of the iPhone 8 closer to the S8+’s $840-$850 price. There may still be a $1000+ iPhone 8, but this will be the top-tier, 256GB model. Additionally, Milunovich says Apple’s other two upcoming handsets, likely named the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, will start at around $649 and $749, respectively. Contrary to some perceptions, Apple prices quite competitively. Apple likes to position its entry-level products at the mid-market with "Pro/Plus" products close to competitors at the high end. Therefore, we do not think Apple will stray far from the price point of Samsung's most expensive model at $840-850 and will keep the entry OLED model at $850-900. Apple's 256GB OLED model could be $950-1,000, but the 256GB 7 Plus already is $970. In other iPhone 8 news, it’s rumored that the smartphone may not be ready in time for the expected September launch date. A report from the Chinese-language Economic Daily News (via Digitimes) says problems with the switch from LCD to OLED screens is causing the delay, which could see the phones pushed back to October or even November. “Technical issues related to the lamination process of curved OLED panels, and the adoption of a 3D sensing system may cause the delay of the new iPhone devices,” states the paper. Related Reads The iPhone SE has the specs of an iPhone 6S with the body of an iPhone 5S, starts at $399 Chinese regulators say design of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus violates patent T-Mobile: iPhone 7 pre-orders up 4x over iPhone 6, matte black most popular 5 comments 144 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Huawei unveils affordable Honor 8 Pro flagship, starting under $600 Apple's new $329 iPad remains a great tablet for first-time users and upgraders Apple knows the Mac Pro was a disaster, major redesign coming in the future Popular 11 comments Samsung's massive double-wide display panels set for production later this year 23 comments Does Ryzen Perform Better with AMD GPUs? 24 comments The Xbox Scorpio specs are officially revealed: Microsoft wants a seat on the throne HyperX Cloud Revolver S Headset Review Load Comments 5 ... User Comments: 5 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Yesterday AAPL: 143.66 -0.36 Apple’s new Clips social video editing app for iOS is now available Zac Hall - Apr. 6th 2017 8:08 am PT @apollozac clips View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Update: Now available! Apple announced its new social video editing app Clips late last month and promised it would launch sometime in April. That sometime in April is today, says Apple according to The Verge, as Clips is set to launch shortly. Sony A6500 Here’s Apple’s full description of its new Clips app: Clips is a new app for making fun videos to share with friends, family, and the world. With a few taps you can create and send a video message or tell a quick story with animated text, graphics and emoji, music, and more. Videos made easy • Clips lets you create videos in real time using simple controls — no timeline, tracks, or complicated editing tools • Shoot live video and photos or add them from your library • Easily mute audio, adjust the length of your clips, and reorder them • Clips looks and works great on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch Live Titles • Create animated titles and captions using just your voice • Captions are generated automatically as you speak and match the timing of your voiceover • Mix and match different styles throughout your video • Tap your title to adjust text and punctuation or add inline emoji Fun effects • Give your photos and video clips a comic book look with color and black & white filters • Drop in animated speech bubbles, arrows, and banners • Add emoji on top of any photo or video clip • Use full-screen posters with animated backgrounds and customizable text to help tell your story • Drag and pinch while recording to add smooth pan and zoom animations to your photos and videos • Add a music track from your library or use built-in soundtracks that automatically adjust to the length of your video Smart sharing • Clips suggests people to share with based on who is in your video and whom you share with most often • Tap a person in the share sheet to instantly send your video via Messages • Send directly to Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and other popular social media sites The new video editing app produces square videos that you can easily share on social media services like Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter, and built-in effects like annotation including automatic transcription are included. Clips lets you record within the app or import media from your photo library with putting together and editing like a streamlined iMovie, and stylized effects make trendy videos that social networks are promoting natively. We’ll update when Clips is available on the App Store. Clips require iOS 10.3 or later so you’ll want to update your iPhone and iPad software ahead of time. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides clips View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple Decided to Double Down on Pro Hardware Following 'Constant Negativity' From Pro Users [Report] Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7: Drop Test [Video] New iMac to Feature Intel E3-1285 v6 Processor, Faster SSDs, AMD Graphics, New Keyboard? Apple Working on 8K Display for Mac Pro, Not so Mini Mac Mini? Western Digital Unveils My Passport SSD, Its First Portable WD Solid State Drive [Video] NVIDIA Unveils New TITAN Xp Graphics Card With Mac Support Comcast is Launching a New Wireless Service Called Xfinity Mobile Apple's New Clips App for Making Expressive Videos is Now Available [Download] Microsoft Surface Beats Apple iPad in J.D. Power 2017 U.S. Tablet Satisfaction Study [Chart] Tearline is an iPhone App for American Spies Apple Signs Two Year Supply Contract for Samsung OLED Display Panels [Report] iPhone 8 Launch May Be Delayed Until October or November Geekbench 4 is a Free Download Until April 10th [Deal] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.1 [Download] Apple Announces Mac Pro Update, Plans to Debut Redesigned Mac Pro and Pro Display But Not This Year Apple Warns iCloud Users That Bug in iOS 10.3 May Have Accidentally Re-enabled Some iCloud Services Check Out This Beautiful iPhone X Concept by Martin Hajek [Video] Twitter Launches Twitter Lite Apple Patents MagSafe to USB-C Adapter Apple Updates Mac Pro Configurations, Drops Prices Apple Signs Two Year Supply Contract for Samsung OLED Display Panels [Report] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 16 hours ago by iClarified · 2266 views · Translate Apple has reportedly entered into a two year $9 billion contract with Samsung for supply of its OLED display panels, according to Korea's ET News via DigiTimes. Based on the contract, Samsung Display will ship 70-92 million small-size OLED panels to Apple in 2017, said the reports. This means that about 30% of iPhone devices shipped in 2017 will come with curved OLED panels, given that Apple currently ships about 200 million iPhone devices a year. Nikkei previously reported that Apple has ordered 70 million OLED panels but due to increased demand from Apple, Samsung is trying to ramp up capacity to 95 million units. Yuanta Securities estimates that Apple will ship 100 million iPhones in 2017 and that 55 million of those will use the new OLED panels. While Apple usually unveils its new iPhones in September there have been recent reports that suggest a launch in October or November of this year. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More [Concept] Follow iClarified Comments (2) Add Comment Um... - 12 hours ago Umm...wrong post my friend. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Irfy - 16 hours ago Not a very good drop test... expected a lot from Apple... but expected even more from guerrilla glass 5 on the Samsung... come on Samsung if you raise the bar atleast hold true to everyday tests... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 LG G6 Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus VPN News Apple patent could allow Siri to identify your sweet dulcet tones Apple patent could allow Siri to identify your sweet dulcet tones By Andrew London Mobile phones   Siri's set to know who you are Shares Apple has filed a patent that could give Siri the ability to recognize the voice of the person speaking to it. Siri, Apple’s digital assistant, rolled out way back on iOS 5 and allows you to interact with your iPhone using your voice.  For the first couple of years it struggled slightly, mostly being used to make your iPhone say funny things, but more recently Siri has started to find its feet and now a patent has come to light that could mean very exciting things. The patent, unearthed by the team over at Patently Apple, reveals that Apple is working on a new security feature that will identify the acoustic properties of the user's voice before allowing them to use assistant. Successfully implemented, this would allow Siri to use your voice as a 'voiceprint'.  Speak to unlock At the moment Siri can respond to your commands, but doesn't know for sure if it's you speaking, leaving Apple products potentially vulnerable to manipulation from others.  There have historically been issues with Siri being used as a back door to get in behind Apple’s security measures, which are otherwise very robust. While software updates have removed many of these vulnerabilities, there is still the possibility for Siri to leak private information without someone entering a password or providing a valid fingerprint. As a security feature, voice recognition would be a very interesting proposition.  With Siri used across a variety of Apple devices, the ability for it to identify who is currently speaking would help it tailor responses to different family members, while having a 'voiceprint' linked to the Appstore could give you the ability to securely make purchases using just your voice. There have been rumors of similar developments in both the Google and Amazon camps with the Google Home and Alexa respectively. If our information is correct and Apple is planning on launching a competitor at WWDC, then this development for Siri makes a lot of sense.  All we have at present is a patent application though, so there is no guarantee that we will see this roll out, but as Apple filed it in the second quarter of 2016, a launch with the new iOS at WWDC 2017 in June would make sense.  Check out our review of the iPhone 7 here. Topics iPhone Related news PS4 Pro vs Project Scorpio: how are the mid-generation consoles shaping up? Project Scorpio: everything we know about Microsoft's 4K-ready Xbox Project Scorpio vs Xbox One S vs Xbox One: should you make the upgrade? Get the first three levels of Dishonored 2 free today See more Mobile phones news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy S8 review 2 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you need to know 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 4 How to download and install the Kodi Krypton 17 update 5 The best free video editor 2017 1 There’s a Samsung Galaxy S8 with 6GB of RAM – but no you can’t have it 2 WD’s first portable SSD is flashy and fast 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 DeX Station now available to pre-order and it’s not cheap 4 Google Wifi review 5 Get up close with the new Canon macro lens TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad How long can you wait for the iPhone 8? New report claims launch could be pushed to October or November due to 'technical issues' New report has suggested the iPhone 8 will not launch until Oct or Nov Technical issues are to blame, such as the lamination process of OLED panels Suppliers are also struggling with adoption of 3D sensing front-camera system By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 11:03 EDT, 6 April 2017 | Updated: 14:53 EDT, 6 April 2017 e-mail 17 shares 65 View comments Apple has released an iPhone in September for the past five years, but a new report has suggested that the firm could soon break tradition. The paper stated that the iPhone 8 could debut in October or November - citing challenges of designing a 'radical new iPhone'. It is believed that 'technical issues' are the culprit, as suppliers have struggled with the lamination process of the curved OLED panels and adoption of the 3D sensing front-camera technology. Scroll down for video  Apple has released an iPhone in Sept for the past 5 years, but a report has suggested that the firm could soon break tradition. A paper has stated that the iPhone 8 (artist impression) could debut in October or November - citing the challenges of designing a 'radical new iPhone' Rumors surrounding the iPhone 8 began sweeping the web just a few months after Apple released the iPhone 7 line. And although the iPhone 7 sold out in a week, many saw it as nothing more than a refreshed iPhone 6 – which has put some pressure on Apple to impress its users. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The REAL megastar in our universe: Chilling video reveals... Are YOU always late? Researchers say it could be because you... The robot sex experiment that let machines EVOLVE by passing... SpaceX finally reveals footage of its historic recycled... Share this article Share 17 shares But with all the cutting-edge technology that is expected to be in the iPhone 8 design, many suggest that the Cupertino company is pulling out all the stops for the iPhone 8 family. However, it seems that the new technology may push back the launch date. The news was first revealed by Economic Daily News (via Digitimes), which suggested Apple has yet to iron out all of the kinks in its highly-anticipated smartphone, reported 9to5Mac. IPHONE 8 RUMORS   Several rumors have been circulating about the iPhone 8, and suggest the next device may have:  - Dual-lens 3D camera  - Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings  - Curved glass casing - Plastic OLED screen  - Wireless charging  - A folding element  - New 5 inch (12.7 centimeter) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimeter) model, which will have a wraparound OLED screen  - 5.8 inch will be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass and in the active display area'  - A new 'pure white' model  - Aluminum back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle  - Facial recognition -Premium model will cost $1,000  A report from March revealed that the Cupertino firm would not start mass production of the so-called iPhone 8 (artist impression) until September. This was believed to be a result of Apple's custom fingerprint sensor that is set to replace the TouchID 'Technical issues related to the lamination process of curved OLED panels, and the adoption of a 3D sensing system may cause the delay of the new iPhone devices,' said the paper. However, Apple has experienced manufacturing issues in the past, so has many other phone makers, but 9to5Mac has shared supporting evidence that suggests this time might be the real deal. A report from March revealed that the Cupertino firm would not start mass production of the so-called iPhone 8 until September. Another clue suggesting the timeline is real is that Foxconn, a Taiwanese multinational electronics contract manufacturing company, has not shared as many leaks as it normally does around this time of year (artist impression) This was believed to be a result of Apple's custom fingerprint sensor that is set to replace the TouchID – the firm is believed to be building its own system and needed more time for manufacturing. It was suggested that Apple has passed over both the Synaptic's Natural ID touch fingerprint sensor and Qualcomm's Sense ID for the iPhone. It is, however, going with its own technology for a fingerprint recognition solution – Authentec algorithm combined with Privaris glass identification technology. 'Apple's in-house developed fingerprint ID solution will be fabricated at TSMC's 12-inch line using 65nm process technology, sources told DigitTimes in a March interview. The sources also said the move would push production for the OLED iPhone back until September, which means the handset will not go on sale until October. Another clue is that, according to 9to5Mac, Foxconn, a Taiwanese multinational electronics contract manufacturing company, has not shared as many leaks as it normally does around this time of year. LARGER BATTERY  Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has revealed that Apple plans to put a larger battery in the 4.7-inch iPhone 8.  Kuo explained that it will be designed with a 2,700 mAh battery - putting its battery capacity on par with the iPhone 7 Plus.  Another feature rumored to appear in Apple's next iPhone is a larger 'L' shaped battery (middle', which would put battery capacity on par with the iPhone 7 Plus Will use a 'substrate-like PCB mainboard', which will allow the firm to implement an OLED display in the flagship handset.  The new components are believed to be much more expensive in anything used in an iPhone before, which could increase manufacturing costs by 80 percent.  However, it was revealed last week that iOS users should expect to pay a hefty price tag for their next iPhone. 'By April, we normally see a flood of next-gen iPhone cases, schematics leak and blurry photos from the factory floor,' Benjamin Mayo with 9to5Mac wrote. 'This is yet to happen for iPhone 8.' 'Either Apple has tightened security to improve secrecy … or the devices are yet to be produced in mass quantities.' However, it is also believed that Apple will still go on with the event it holds every September, where it could just unveil the device – but hold off on the official launch. The firm might also just release the two minor-upgrade devices in September and leave the premium version for a later date. But with all the technology that is causing the highly-anticipated smartphones delays, users should start preparing themselves to pay $1,000 for their iPhone 8 when it does finally launch.    Read more: Launch of next-generation iPhone 8 may be pushed to October or November, says report | 9to5Mac Apple may delay new iPhone launch to October-November, says paper Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos Girl in India found living with monkeys dubbed Mowgli 2.0 Girl found living with monkeys can't walk or talk like humans Sunrise news team tricked by crocodile garden ornament Uber passenger threatens to falsely accuse driver of rape Cute Chinese kid owns Little Big Shots stage with his Latin dance Couple caught getting frisky in university building Amazing parrot Einstein able to mimic human sounds and movements Disturbing footage of attempted child abduction in Philadelphia Kendall Jenner stars in Pepsi's 'Live for Now Moments Anthem' ad Driving tutor caught shouting and swearing at kids on horseback Shocking video shows effects of stomach acid mixed with coke Trump orders launch of 50 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase 'Mowgli girl' who walks on all fours and does not speak... 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US... Eleven-year-old boy killed himself 'after his 13-year-old... Father driven to kill by grief: The true story of the... Aggressive passenger is recorded telling an Uber driver... Surgeon hailed a hero after picture shows him sleeping on... Missing mother Samantha Baldwin, 40, is arrested for... 'My children... they were beautiful': Syrian father whose... Police launch desperate search for schoolgirl, 15, who... Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has... 'Something should happen' says Trump after Syria... Teenager, 15, was found dead in his family's garden... 'I want my mommy': Pedophile FILMED girl, four, screaming... EXCLUSIVE - 'She wants to tell her story': Mel B is... EXCLUSIVE: What do you mean, $5,000? Justin Bieber sticks... It's a 'total lie!' says Steve Bannon following report he... Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after... Too middle class to be mentally ill: Mum who jumped off... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 66 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Researchers reveal super Earth Gliese 1132b just 39 light-years away has an ATMOSPHERE and could be a steamy... Meet the Nasa astronauts who believe that ALIENS are real and have visited Earth Scientists reveal what makes the perfect pout (and why Emma Watson has the best lips in Hollywood) From being crushed by a lift to falling to the bottom of the Mariana trench: Scientists reveal the five most... The hybrid plane that could halve the cost (and travel time) of flights: Boeing and JetBlue back... Life may NOT be able to survive on Trappist-1 due to solar storms 10,000 times stronger than those on Earth Don't Panic! Facebook's AI boss says machines WON'T take over the world as 'we have a lot of checks and... Are YOU a digital risk taker? Study finds Americans still click on links, download software and connect to... Facebook activates 'sensitive content' system as users share harrowing footage of Syrian gas attacks Have you had sleazy thoughts about Siri or imagined getting amorous with Alexa? Study finds one in four have... Can Facebook's M take on Siri and Alexa? AI Assistant can offer 'helpful actions' in Messenger Material from the birth of Earth 4.5-BILLION-years ago is being spewed out from the planet's core by... Smile to send: Smart earbuds can detect facial expressions and convert them into smartphone controls Hoverboards are REAL: Breathtaking footage shows a man soaring above the ocean on a device that can reach... Non-stop London to Sydney flights 'possible within five years' thanks to new aircraft from Airbus and... MORE HEADLINES From being crushed by a lift to falling to the bottom of the Mariana trench: Scientists reveal the five most grim and bizarre ways to DIE Meet the Nasa astronauts who believe that ALIENS are real and have visited Earth Hoverboards are REAL: Breathtaking footage shows a man soaring above the ocean on a device that can reach 10,000ft- and you can hire one TODAY! Counting the calories of cannibalism: Early humans ate each other out of CHOICE rather than for nutritional value How long can you wait for the iPhone 8? New report claims launch could be pushed to October or November due to 'technical issues' Scientists reveal what makes the perfect pout (and why Emma Watson has the best lips in Hollywood) The Hyperloop is ready to go! First test track is complete as firm reveals 11 routes in the US that could use Elon Musk's futuristic transport Facebook activates 'sensitive content' system as users share harrowing footage of Syrian gas attacks Researchers reveal super Earth Gliese 1132b just 39 light-years away has an ATMOSPHERE and could be a steamy 'water world' Astronomers discover a MONSTER galaxy which formed 'like a firecracker' at the start of cosmic history World's fastest battery-powered plane breaks the world electric speed record hitting 210mph The flying taxi set for liftoff: 18 rotor Volocopter gets go ahead to begin trials The hybrid plane that could halve the cost (and travel time) of flights: Boeing and JetBlue back hybrid-electric craft Goldman Sachs hopes to build an 'asteroid-grabbing spacecraft' to make BILLIONS from mining precious metals Will the iPhone 8 be CHEAPER than expected? Industry insider claims competition from Samsung may force Apple to reduce its prices MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Splish splash! Kaia Gerber and father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Continued to have the time of their lives Hot metal! Jennifer Lopez wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging silver tank top JLo had an intense expression She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Sparkle and shine! Kate Bosworth dazzles in clingy off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Oozed glitz and glamor in an off-the-shoulder and fitted dress It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED Still got the Baywatch bod! Kelly Rohrbach gives a peek of her taut tummy as she stretches in cropped sweater during lunch in LA Sitting outside a cafe Peep show! Lea Michele flashes her cleavage and midriff in lace up bodysuit during photo shoot inside recording studio Showing some skin Fully booked (and clothed)! Brooke Burke wears jumper and jeans to signing after going topless at beach She attended the event fully clothed Leading ladies! Karlie Kloss shows off flawless figure in metallic number as Allison Williams stuns in off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Sheer delight! Katy Perry flashes flesh in see-through top for stunning arrival at Chanel dinner She showed off her platinum 'do Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV project after he passed away aged 90 Misty mornings, dreamy sunsets and picture-perfect cocktails: 12 Instagram photos that perfectly capture the LA vibe SPONSORED 'It started 11 years ago': Scheana Shay reveals she became anorexic 'before Kim Kardashian made big butts cool' Star opens her heart  No Blindspot here! Jaimie Alexander dons chic spectacles and sky-high heels for New York Moves Power Women Forum in NYC Business attire 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Denied the rumors 'You've always been a b****: Newly slim Mama June is confronted by Sugar Bear's fiancée in From Not to Hot finale teaser Pending nuptials Jimmy Fallon proves marriage to Nancy is just fine as they make rare appearance with daughters Winnie and Frances at Universal Studios 'The teepee goes into the peepee': Anne Hathaway's parenting chat on Ellen with Colossal co-star Jason Sudeikis takes hilarious turn Chris Evans reunites with Gifted co-stars McKenna Grace and Octavia Spencer at NYC screening Posed at a screening of his new film Gifted Streaming stars! Adam Sandler suits up for premiere of new Netflix comedy Sandy Wexler featuring wife Jackie Escorted his wife and co-star Jackie PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles is seen for the first time following Mel B's claim that she fell pregnant during affair with Stephen Belafonte FIRST PHOTO: New dad Jesse Eisenberg enjoys stroll with baby boy and girlfriend Anna Strout in NYC Showing off his baby boy for the first time Another reason to fall in love with him! Chris Hemsworth leaves fans in awe as he shows off his incredible surfing skills in Australia Indulging in his passion This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Keeping a beat 'You must be willing to die for something': The life and death of Tupac Shakur unfolds in official trailer for All Eyez On Me Lead role is played by Demetrius Shipp Dynamic duo! Sarah Paulson wows in black sheer midi as Keri Russell goes casual chic at star-studded FX upfront event in NYC Major stars gathered Juggling act: Paris Hilton clutches pooch Diamond Baby while hand-in-hand with new beau Chris Zylka on shopping trip in LA New lovebirds 'I was the girl version of Macaulay Culkin': Busy Philipps shares adorable throwback image... after glam appearance at Fashion LA awards An historic moment! Taylor Swift wins bid to have movie mogul Goldwyn's mansion designated landmark (and can now apply for tax relief) 'This angel is absolutely perfect': Million Dollar Listing star Josh Altman and wife Heather welcome baby daughter Alexis It's a girl! Billie Lourd joins cast of American Horror Story season seven about 2016 US election starring Sarah Paulson  The 24-year-old will star opposite Paulson 'It's very scary': Expecting dad Zach Roloff reveals baby son may be a dwarf in Little People, Big World teaser Reveals his secret heartache 'Did you say ninja?!' Mark Hamill voices Han Solo to perfection in Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars The Force Awakens Tribute to Carrie Fisher Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Pulled off the double denim look Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors Retail therapy at Barneys The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Stunned in a chic winter ensemble No spring in her step! Malia Obama braves rainy New York City weather in her parka as she heads to work Spotted heading into the Weinstein & Co offices Viva la Roma! Sofia Vergara shows off her killer curves in hip hugging lace gown for gala event in Italy She showed off just a little bit of cleavage Proud mom Jessa Duggar shares snap of two-month old son Henry taking his 'first steps' Welcomed their son Henry on February 6 She's ripped! Paige Butcher shows off insanely toned tummy in Hawaii as takes a dip in the ocean while holding baby she had with Eddie Murphy She's the main act! Brooke Shields shows off leg in sophisticated blue gown at opening of Broadway play At the opening of War Paint in New York Show me the money! Stephen Belafonte files official response to Mel B's divorce petition and wants her to pay He has asked her to pay his lawyer's fees Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second consecutive appearance since winning a restraining order against husband Stephen Belafonte Mel B and the folly of hiring gorgeous staff: JAN MOIR says men who cheat with the nanny are delivering a double dagger to their wife's heart Curtain couture! Olivia Culpo channels The Sound of Music in quirky dress The 24-year-old worked the unusual ensemble in West Hollywood No frown at The Get Down: Baz Luhrmann, 54, reveals his VERY wrinkle free and puffy complexion at Netflix premiere in New York Australian icon Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90 at his LA home  Legendary funnyman With a little help from her friends: Melissa George comforted by gal pals on a night out amid bitter custody dispute with ex Jean-David Blanc 'I broke up with the guy I was going to marry, so I had to move out': Iggy Azalea 'sold her cars and lives in a regular house' after breaking up with Nick Young Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Supposed to be going through a divorce Plotting his return? Reclusive Richard Simmons signs lucrative new global licensing deal that suggests he may soon high-kick his way out of hiding Love's young dream! Jai Courtney's stunning girlfriend Mecki Dent flashes her bra in sheer top as the couple put on an affectionate display  Beautiful couple Avengers: Infinity War filming continues as a HUGE explosion rocks Edinburgh...as stars such as Elizabeth Olsen continue shooting for anticipated flick Singing showdown! Demi Lovato and James Corden go face-to-face in Divas Riff-Off song battle Corden learned never to challenge a modern diva Sleepover with the BFF: Kylie Jenner enjoys relaxing morning in bed with Jordyn Woods... after ex boyfriend Tyga moves out Leaning on her bestie If you've got it, flaunt it! Chloe Grace Moretz puts her long and toned legs on display after Pilates class Showed off her gym-honed figure Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle 'My honey': Cindy Crawford toasts her husband of 20 years Rande Gerber on beach break in St Barths Shared a photo from her family's vacation 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Unusual treatment He cleans up nice! Bill and Hillary Clinton's male model nephew looks a mess in his 2015 mugshot after bar fight Now Tyler Clinton, 22, is signed with IMG agency  Daisy Lowe flashes her bra under sheer shirt as she works androgynous chic at star-studded American Gods premiere Rocked the red carpet Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death Her memory is living on Pippa Middleton 'BANS model Vogue Williams from attending her wedding'... despite her dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Sheen was on the cusp of superstardom Is a hat-trick in the Cannes for Nicole? Actress could have three movies gracing the film festival next month  Will soon be revealed Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on David when she's working... as she credits her 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire A sugar lump, Camilla? How sweet of you: Duchess feeds stallion during visit to Vienna's Spanish Riding School  Given a tour of the celebrated riding school 'My amazing grandmother saved Jews from Hitler': Prince Charles reveals how the Duke of Edinburgh's mother took in a Jewish family in WWII Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather to Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' Fergie charity in hot water over failure to file accounts: Foundation is served with default notice by watchdog after not providing details since 2013  They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler Is walking barefoot the secret to a better life? Gwyneth Paltrow says she 'swears by' unique 'earthing' therapy, which is said to cure insomnia and depression Paris chic! Diane Kruger models leather jacket, pink scarf to hit French Movie Festival... but beau Norman Reedus is nowhere to be seen No one's looking at her feet! Chanel Iman flashes her toned midriff in leather bralette as she promotes sandals The 26-year-old model flashed the flesh  'You big needy bald baby!': Mel B fights with husband Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in couples therapy as clips from their reality show resurface  Mel B is spotted leaving lawyer's office amid reports she's 'bringing in forensic accountant after ex Stephen Belafonte took control of her finances' EXCLUSIVE: Dean McDermott splurges on a second motorcycle and anti-aging treatment as Amex joins list of creditors demanding $80,000 from wife Tori  Pregnant Lara Trump is left to wrangle her own $4,000 Louis Vuitton suitcase ahead of a flight to Washington, D.C. as her Secret Service agents look on Beauty and the best: Selena Gomez's $2 manicure and Stella Maxwell's purple smoky eye top our list of the week's most head-turning looks They sure look good together! Bra-free Courtney Stodden flashes sideboob in tiny tank top as she cuddles up to a mystery man in Beverly Hills As Emily Ratajkowski and Chrissy Teigen step out rocking the deconstructed shirting trend, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest options for YOU to shop now Austin Powers star Verne Troyer hospitalized for alcohol abuse and will be checking into rehab Actor, 48, at San Fernando Valley facility What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids She is yet to publicly comment on storm Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The Queen prepares to say goodbye to 'Royal outsider' Lord Snowdon Memorial service for her late brother-in-law Game of Thrones' The Mountain has Bell's palsy: Here's what it means Recently revealed he has temporary facial paralysis Hungry for love! Anthony Bourdain shares passionate kiss with younger Italian girlfriend before proudly watching her in a play in Rome EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions during his tour 'You have an ally': Justin Theroux says he loves being married to Jennifer Aniston because she always has his back Pair tied knot in 2015 'I'm still turned on by her': Scott Disick admits he's still attracted to ex Kourtney Kardashian  He split from the mother of his three children in 2015 'It costs $40K a month to be me!': Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne says she has to spend a fortune to look good for the camera Encore! Amy Schumer watches John Mayer in concert at Madison Square Garden in NYC The Trainwreck star was smiling and clapping to the soft-rocker's hits Gender non-binary Billions star asks the Emmys to reconsider their 'actor or actress' categories and decides to compete as an 'actor' Breakout star 'The president is a moron': Former SNL star Taran Killam says Donald Trump struggled to read and didn't get many of the jokes when he hosted in 2015  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan swaps modest Burkini for sexy cut-out swimsuit in Thailand Mean Girls actress has been studying Islam  'I never felt sexy with guys before': Meghan Trainor dishes on boyfriend Daryl Sabara as she reveals he's 'obsessed' with her body Winnie Harlow shows off her impossibly long legs in tiny miniskirt as she appears at star-studded WE Day charity event in New York Sofia Richie bonds with dad Lionel as he recovers from knee injury that forced him to postpone tour with Mariah Carey Spotted at concert in LA Supportive sister: Dressed down Duchess of Cambridge leaves Pippa's house in London after a bridal party summit six weeks before the big day  The Daily Show pokes fun at Ivanka Trump redefining the word 'complicit' in funny series of tweets that put a totally new spin on other phrases Tiffany makes first White House visit and attends event in support of wounded veterans before all five Trump kids head to Mar-a-Lago with Donald  Wined and refined! Eva Longoria looks effortlessly chic in black dungarees as she visits Basque vineyard with husband José Bastón Pair on getaway to Spain 'Blowhard bully' Alec Baldwin bashes 'untalented Hollywood producer' in Twitter spat over love scene in 2006 film with underage actress Nikki Reed Moving on to the legs! David Beckham adds to huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... days after watching son Brooklyn get his first tatt Katie Holmes enjoys outing with pretty-in-pink Suri... days after she was pictured at dinner with Jamie Foxx The 38-year-old actress was spotted in New York Empire actor Morocco Omari arrested for domestic violence Is accused of repeatedly pushing a 24-year-old woman during an argument in Chicago  Freida Pinto steals the show in elegant embroidered ensemble as she joins co-star Idris Elba at the UK launch of new TV drama Guerrilla Slumdog Millionaire star Ready for Easter! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend pose with their daughter Luna as they take photos with a bunny in West Hollywood Get Out wins the most MTV Movie & TV Awards nominations while Beauty & The Beast, Game Of Thrones and Stranger Things also do well The Spice that divided Mel's marriage: Stephen Belafonte looks on as America's Got Talent judge shares VERY amorous clinch with two female friends PICTURED: Mel B shares a smile with the stunning German nanny she FIRED just six weeks after this 'mortifying' family vacation to Ibiza Lily-Rose Depp looks Parisian chic in casual black-and-white outfit while on shopping trip The 17-year-old model headed to popular LA  mall The Grove As stars like Charlotte McKinney and Kendall Jenner are looking pretty in pink, FEMAIL rounds up chicest clothing and accessories in soft hue She had the full Hollywood makeover! Mama June spent $10K getting her teeth fixed... after weight loss surgery, skin removal and a boob job 'You f***ing racist': Shia LaBeouf gets kicked out of Studio City bowling alley after exploding into a rant at fellow patron The 30-year-old was tossed out of  Pinz  Kourtney Kardashian heads out on another dinner date with Quincy Brown after getaway to Hawaii with ex Scott Disick and their children Something to tell us? Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cradles her blossoming baby bump as she treats herself to a shopping spree   Expecting her first child  A home fit for a Starman! David Bowie's former New York apartment hits the market for $6.5million - and it even comes with the rock legend's piano Paul O'Neill, creator of the rock group Trans-Siberian Orchestra, is found dead in a Florida hotel room at age 61 Body discovered in Tampa Embassy Suites  Heidi Klum flaunts her athletic figure and impressive abs in a patterned bikini on beach Turks and Caicos getaway AGT judge looking good PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Makeup-free Game Of Thrones actress Maisie Williams cools down after going for jogging with a male pal in London Hollywood heartthrob Gerard Butler sports a bushy beard and flat cap as he continues to film new movie Keepers The 47-year-old is pulling off different look  Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in a chic mini skirt and ruffled blouse as she promotes Fast & Furious 8 in Madrid The actress, 41, looked simply sensational  Pretty Little Liars star Ashley Benson legs it around town in stylish workout gear Went back to basics in formfitting black after her morning gym session 'Spring breaking!': Lisa Rinna, 53, shares flashback photo in black bikini after ugly end to season seven of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 'I don't look at the cup as half full': Pierce Brosnan reflects on life after the devastating loss of his first wife and daughter to ovarian cancer Feeling The Force! Daisy Ridley squeals with glee as she unleashes her inner adrenaline junkie at theme park  Just finished Last Jedi 'I'm actually rather dangerous': Annabelle Wallis insists her looks can be deceiving as she discusses her 'layered' personality in Town & Country magazine PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Brooke Burke goes TOPLESS as she splashes around in sexy white lace-up bathing suit during family vacation to St. Barts Hot to Trot! Bethenny Frankel steps out in skintight cut-out LBD in New York after Watch What Happens Live appearance She was all smiles 'Nobody calls': Caitlyn Jenner reveals she's been frozen out by the Kardashians since transitioning in candid face-off with Khloe Kardashian Pammy-Ooh-la-la! Ms Anderson, 49, turns seductress in bondage-style lingerie ad... as she finally declares her love for Julian Assange The ultimate pin-up The birthday suit is back! Joanna Krupa poses stark NAKED once again in a sizzling snap to toast turning 38 Put on a steamy display out in the sun 'Waited a long time': Nikki Bella shows off huge engagement ring while behind the bar on Bravo's WWHL Proudly showed off her 4.5-carat ring The Dick Knight: Christian Bale in talks to play Vice President Cheney in new biopic that would reteam actor with Amy Adams as politician's wife Lynne Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a white string bikini as she shares clip of herself blowing kisses on the beach We're NOT exploiting Black Lives Matter, Pepsi insists: Man who made controversial Kendall ad claims it was based on images of Vietnam War protests Lena Dunham goes nude in Golden Girls spoof as she and her HBO castmates perform hilarious skit for Jimmy Kimmel Thanks for being a friend But wait, there's more! Will & Grace revival gets extended with 12 episodes for NBC reboot The network has added an additional two episodes EXCLUSIVE - 'She wants to tell her story': Mel B is 'gagging' German nanny from revealing all about 'sex with Stephen Belafonte' , says her lookalike sister Hugh Jackman and Michelle Williams turn up the heat with a passionate kiss on the New York City set of their new film The Greatest Showman Gigi Hadid embraces a laid back look as she steps out in Paris in a loose vest top and baggy boyfriend jeans Flashing a coy smile to  sea of admirers Simon Le Bon hits Miami with bikini-clad female companion as he enjoys downtime ahead of Duran Duran gig Hungry Like the Wolf singer Lady Gaga is a far cry from her usual flamboyant self as she covers up in elegant and demure ensemble for new Tiffany campaign Very different look Beyonce shares intimate photos of last year's anniversary vacation with Jay Z at the Grand Canyon... but it's Blue Ivy who steals the show Hitting the highlights? Keith Urban appears to have dyed his hair AGAIN as singer accepts award at Grammys on the Hill event in Washington Aloha! Bikini-clad Kate Hudson shows off her trim frame as she enjoys a hike in Hawaii with sons Ryder, 13, and Bingham, 5 Family vay-cay Luann de Lesseps plans wedding while Bethenny Frankel sells Tribeca pad for $7 million in RHONY season premiere But there's more fighting From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The Nazi death gas so horrific even Hitler feared using it: How Sarin was accidentally created in 1938... and can lead to death in less than 10 seconds 70 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Grand National Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming iPHONE 8 RUMOURS When is the iPhone 8 coming out? Release date, rumours, features and price – all you need to know Apple's next offering is expected to boast some incredible new tech but ditch some familiar features By Jasper Hamill 6th April 2017, 3:48 pm Updated: 6th April 2017, 3:49 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments IT’S set to be a big year for Apple fans, because 2017 marks the 10th anniversary of the first iPhone. This means the tech giant is likely to be planning a HUGE release to mark this historic occasion, with rumours swirling over new features like a 3D camera. Getty Images 2 The tech world is already lighting up with gossip about the upcoming iPhone 8 As always, Apple has been tight-lipped about its gadgets but that hasn’t stopped rumours from swirling. We’ve collected together some of the iGossip, although we can’t verify the info at this stage. When will the iPhone 8 be released? Apple had been expected expected to release the iPhone 8 in September 2017, in keeping with its annual autumn launch of major new products. In 2016 the iPhone 7 was launched on 16 September, so a similar mid-September date seemed most likely. Nothing has been confirmed, but Apple tends to stick to the same schedule every year. The iPhone 5, 5S, 6, 6S and 7 were all launched in September of consecutive years. However, new rumours have suggested that delays in the handset’s new fingerprint sensor mean its release could be delayed until October at the earliest. Can't stop constantly checking your phone? This handy iPhone hack will help you break the habit How much will the iPhone 8 cost? Rumours suggest that the new smartphone could be a lot more affordable than you think. Steven Milunovich, an analyst from global financial services giant UBS, claims that Apple’s prices are expected to stay around the same price as the iPhone 7. He said the flagship iPhone 8 will start from $850, which is around £682. Milunovich wrote in a report seen by Mac Rumours: “Contrary to some perceptions, Apple prices quite competitively. “Apple likes to position its entry-level products at the mid-market with ‘Pro/Plus’ products close to competitors at the high end.” Despite the lower starting price, it’s likely that a higher storage tier will cost upwards of £800 – with some rumours suggesting that a weak pound could lead to the handset even costing £900. What will the iPhone 8 be called? Apple is rumoured to be planning to call its next smartphone the iPhone X in a huge break from its usual naming traditions. Up until now, every new iPhone has been given a reasonably logical name, although Apple did slip the odd 's' after some model numbers. In a briefing note seen by Tech Radar, analyst Timothy Arcuri of Cowen and Company said his supply chain sources has predicated a name change for the new mobile. "It’s a name that makes some sense, simultaneously highlighting the phone’s high status and giving a nod to it being the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, with X, of course, being the Roman numeral for 10," the website wrote. Apple unveils waterproof and wireless iPhone 7 with no headphone jack What new features will the iPhone 8 have? Facial recognition Apple is rumoured to be planning to blast its biggest fans with LASER BEAMS when they buy the next iPhone 8. But whilst this sound scary, the James Bond-esque technology may actually allow them to open up their mobile phone using their face. An unconfirmed Apple rumour has suggested the upcoming device will use a laser to scan users' features. This could allow them to use their own lovely face to access the gadget, rather than having to scan a fingerprint or enter a password. "Features appear to include some form of facial/gesture recognition supported by a new laser sensor and an infrared sensor mounted near the front-facing camera and, as expected, should also finally include wireless charging," wrote Apple analyst Timothy Arcuri, according to Business Insider. Screen and camera The iPhone 8 is rumoured to have a stunning edge-to-edge OLED display taking up the length and breadth of the device. It could also feature an all-glass design, according to a recently filed patent. The patent awarded to Apple describes a device with a display that "may occupy the entire front face". The screen will have the Home Button  -- complete with super-sensitive Touch ID technology -- and its front-facing camera built in, according to leaked reports from Apple's Cupertino HQ. It is even thought the screen could be curved, just like the latest high-tech TVs. However, recent iGossip suggests that this prediction could be WRONG – and the cutting-edge OLED display could be held back until Apple releases an experimental version of the phone in 2018. Depending on the model (iPhone 8 is expected to come in three versions, see below) there will also be improved Optical Image Stabilisation technology. It has been rumoured that a 3D camera, which allows users to scan a 3D version of themselves into the phone, could be included in this version. ConceptsiPhone 2 Rumours are the iPhone 8 (artist's impression) could be full-screen and feature wireless charging technology It will allow for even clearer ultra-HD photographs using two cameras: a 12 megapixel wide-angle lens and a telephoto lens. This OIS technology already features on the iPhone 7 Plus's wide-angle lens, but NOT the telephoto lens. The telephoto lens is expected to be improved in time for the iPhone 8 launch, meaning even pictures taken from far away will be clearer and more stabilised. It has also been reported that Apple is working with LG on a camera for the iPhone 8 that would allow 3D photographs. It is unclear exactly how these could be put to use – however, a tech industry expert suggested a "revolutionary" front-facing camera could use infared technology to take 3D selfies. These cutting edge photos could then be used to create video game characters that accurately resemble the players themselves. Light-emitting diode (OLED) panels Apple placed orders for bendable organic light-emitting diode (OLED) panels – the kind you find on Samsung phones – to use in 70 million smartphones, according to sources speaking to Nikkei Asian Review. OLED screens are typically used in fancy smart TVs because they offer high colour and motion quality (making it perfect for watching Netflix)  without munching too much power. Wireless charging Taiwanese tech manufacturer Foxconn is making wireless charging modules for the iPhone 8, according to reports. It means the iPhone 8 will reportedly be able to be charged from 15 FEET away. It will use a built-in wireless receiver to receive power from a transmitter plugged into a socket. A company called Energous is said to be supplying the technology it called 'WattUp'. The firm has previously boasted WattUp technology can allow devices to be charged from the impressive distance. iPhone 8 'will have wireless charging using WattUp technology' No more Lightning port It has been claimed that Apple will remove the familiar Lightning connector from the upcoming model. Rumours suggest that the firm wants to remove the Lightning and replace it with the USB-3, which could provoke mild grumbling from people who own headphones or other peripherals which connect to the familiar jack. Will iPhone 8 have a headphone jack? It doesn't look like the new iPhone will have a headphone jack, and the physical home button is expected to disappear as the whole face will be a screen. The new phone will instead have a virtual home button. Samsung is expected to follow suit, ditching its headphone jack and home button on its new Galaxy S8, according to gadgets.ndtv.com How many models of iPhone 8 will there be? There will be three different versions of the iPhone 8, according to a market analysis note seen by MacRumors. The premium version will be a 5.8 inch model with the OLED screen, while there will be two TFT-LCD screen models — a 4.7 inch version and a 5.5 inch version. The smallest 4.7 inch model will not have the dual camera Optical Image Stabalisation Technology, while the larger and more expensive models will, according to the note. MOST READ IN NEWS bare off! Glamorous Aintree racegoers show off their DARING outfits as others stumble in their heels with the Champagne flowing SLEAZY SQUADDIES X-rated pictures of girls taken back to British Army barracks for sex are being shared online REAL LIFE JUNGLE BOOK 'Mowgli' girl, 8, raised by monkeys in India can’t talk, walks on all fours and screeched at rescuers like an ape - and no-one knows how long she's been missing DECADENT AND DEPRAVED Inside New York's most exclusive sex party where the rich and powerful pay £60,000 a year to take part in orgies and live-sex shows DISNEY DAD DEFEAT Father who refused to pay £60 fine LOSES £12,000 landmark Supreme Court case after taking daughter, 7, on a week-long term-time holiday to Disney World 'I WAS THE SHOOTER' Tupac murder is 'finally solved' in explosive never-before-seen 'confession letter' by gunman who claims Suge Knight was NOT the mastermind behind notorious hit on rapper SWAMPING SOCIAL MEDIA Trolls claim Syria gas massacre was a covert operation designed to trick Trump into war with Assad PAIN IN THE NECK Stomach-turning video shows teenager whose head was almost HACKED OFF by bloodthirsty muggers PASSENGER FROM HELL Shocking moment woman threatens to falsely accuse Uber driver of RAPE in vile 9-minute rant ‘because he didn’t have a phone charger’ VICE TRY Kinky benefits mum claimed to be unemployed while working as a stripper and webcam porn star TOPSHOP RACE ROW Topshop under fire over 'festival-ready scarf playsuit' after shoppers liken print to Palestinian keffiyeh 'YOU USED TO BE SO SEXY' Woman shares shocking moment a personal trainer fat-shamed her on Facebook after seeing pic of her relaxing in trackpants 'I HAVE TO FINISH SOMETHING' Tragic last text of boy, 15, found hanged in back garden after his dad 'confiscated his iPad to stop him staying up late' HARD PILLOW Daughter left speechless after noticing VERY RUDE pattern on mother's new pillows - can you spot it? 'WAY TOO CLOSE!' Moment Sainsbury's lorry comes within inches of cyclist - but was supermarket right to defend its driver? the truth is out there Illuminati-obsessed student working on secret ‘alien’ project VANISHES from room with satanic codes and alien hunter statue swear to the throne From his foul-mouthed rants at staff to the tears before Diana wedding - new book reveals previously unseen side of Prince Charles ROCK, STOCK AND ONE SMOKING BARREL Spanish cop ‘pulls gun on elderly man at Gibraltar border’ TRUMP BLITZES ASSAD Trump fires 59 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase where Assad unleashed Sarin gas attack - as Putin blasts US airstrikes as an 'illegal act of aggression' Suited and Booted Austin Reed to cut 1,000 jobs as 116-yr-old men’s store shuts up shop on high street The Sun Topics Apple Apple Rumours Explainers iPhone 8 Smartphones Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular BLAST FROM THE PAST Cheryl 'in tears' after ex husband Ashley Cole sends his best wishes to her and Liam Payne TV & Showbiz PAIN AT THE PUMPS Morrisons HALVES the amount of rewards customers can earn for filling up at its petrol stations Money WHAT SHE DIDN'T WANT YOU TO SEE! Katie Price spends second honeymoon with hubby Kieran, kids... and entire film crew TV & Showbiz Exclusive BATTLE OF THE EXES Moment security split up Towie's Danielle Armstrong and Yazmin Oukhellou in brawl over James Lock TV & Showbiz BLOODY MESS Bethany Platt lies crying and bleeding by the canal as vile grooming storyline takes another dark turn TV & Showbiz bare off! Glamorous Aintree racegoers show off their DARING outfits as others stumble in their heels with the Champagne… News Exclusive x-maniac Mel B's 'flirty sex games' with Cheryl drove hubby Stephen Belafonte into 'rages' that saw him banned from X-Factor TV & Showbiz Exclusive And you thought Aldi was cheap! Asda launches new garden range with a lower price tag than Aldi Money MAKING ENDS MEET Child Tax Credit is changing and this is all you need to know about how it will affect your claim Money strip tease Little Mix star Jesy Nelson strips to her knickers in sexy selfie TV & Showbiz SLEAZY SQUADDIES X-rated pictures of girls taken back to British Army barracks for sex are being shared online News X-KATED Towie’s Kate Wright tries to break the internet as she flashes her cleavage in ‘unreal’ red-hot bikini TV & Showbiz MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE Goldman Sachs says mining platinum from asteroids is a 'realistic' way for bankers to earn BILLIONS Tech Exclusive MYSTERY EX REVEALED This is Megan McKenna’s ex who Pete Wicks claims she was ‘cheating’ with TV & Showbiz Exclusive FORGET TOWIE, HERE'S ROWIE Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks are restrained by TV crew after explosive argument ends in tears TV & Showbiz Just Published I-WILL HAVE TO WAIT iPhone 8 release date could be delayed by WEEKS due to 'technical issues with curved screen and camera' Tech STAR OF THE SMALLEST SCREEN Apple's incredible new app could help you become the YouTube star of tomorrow Tech WET WORLD Newly discovered Earth-sized planet could be incredible water world teeming with life, stargazers say Tech iPHONE 8 RUMOURS The new Apple iPhone 8 could be WAY cheaper than you think when it is released in September Tech FINGER LICKIN' GOOD How many calories are there in a human? Scientists create disturbing nutritional guide for cannibals Tech IS BIG BROTHER LISTENING? Google Home is now available in the UK and is hoped to trump its voice-controlled rival Amazon Echo Tech A FITBIT OF LUCK Women claims her FitBit fitness tracker saved her life after spotting unusual heart rate Tech WE CAN WORK IT OUT? Facebook admits it was 'tricked' into posting sick 'malicious advert' about suicide of Paul McCartney Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AAPL RAD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Among Thursday's Worst Stocks >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Apple Inc. Order Telegraphs Record iPhone 8 Sales (AAPL) According to Apple supply chain reports, Samsung could deliver as many as 92 million OLED iPhone 8 displays in 2017 By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Apr 6, 2017, 9:17 am EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Will Sell You a Galaxy S8 Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until November Apple Inc. Order Telegraphs Record iPhone 8 Sales (AAPL) Recent Posts: Apple Inc. Order Telegraphs Record iPhone 8 Sales (AAPL) Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until November Apple Inc. (AAPL) Promises New Mac Pro in 2018, New Pro iMac in 2017 View All Posts Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) clearly thinks the 10th anniversary iPhone 8 is going to be a big seller. Source: Apple At the start of this week, reports said Apple had placed an order with Samsung Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) for 70 million OLED display panels. Now, a new report says Apple is pushing Samsung to supply even more, and Apple’s sole OLED supplier is now ramping up capacity to deliver as many as 92 million displays in 2017 alone. Considering that annual iPhone sales peaked at 231.5 million in 2015, 92 million OLED display panels for just 2017 suggests something important: Apple is expecting to move the premium iPhone 8 in record numbers. iPhone 8 Launch to Kick Off Upgrade Super-Cycle Apple moved to a three-year iPhone product development cycle. That means the basic form factor of its flagship iPhones remains virtually identical for three years. A new iPhone will have improved components compared to the previous generation, but visually there is little difference. That’s why the iPhone 7 looks just like the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6S. And that close resemblance makes upgrading a tougher sell. Many consumers are happy enough with the performance of their older iPhone. So if it looks like they’re carrying a new iPhone around, and their current phone works just fine, it will be difficult to convince them to shell out $649 for the latest spec-bumped model. Apple is expected to release an iPhone 7S and 7S Plus this fall. Even with whatever spec bumps or new colors are offered, no one expects a flood of iPhone owners to rush out to upgrade — just the usual new buyers and the natural upgrades by people with older phones that have seen better days. However, the company is also releasing the 10th anniversary iPhone 8. This will be positioned as a new ultra-premium model. Analysts expect a big visual departure from recent iPhones, with a glass back, wireless charging and a curved OLED display panel. Pricing could start as high as $1,000. Despite that stratospheric price tag, the iPhone 8 is expected to kick off an upgrade super-cycle in 2017. The usual upgrades to the iPhone 7S will happen. But in addition to that annual wave, every iPhone owner — even the ones who just bought the latest (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 — will consider upgrading to the iPhone 8. After all, it will become an instant status symbol. Report: Apple Ups Its OLED Order Rival and manufacturing partner Samsung is Apple’s sole OLED provider. The company currently produces the OLED panels used in the Apple Watch and the latest, Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pro. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/apple-inc-aapl-order-telegraphs-record-iphone-8-sales/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About Twitter Threatens Major Breakdown The 10 Best Fidelity Funds for Retirees Online Privacy Repeal: 2 Winners, 2 Losers It’s Time Tesla Stock Bulls Act Humble iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About The 10 Best Fidelity Funds for Retirees 2 Winners, 2 Losers From Trump’s Online Privacy Repeal It’s Time Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Bulls Act Humble GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Is All Downside From Here Most Popular 10 Under-the-Radar Stocks to Buy Now for Explosive Upside 7 Tech Stocks That Will Crush the Market for Years The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Don’t Spend a Penny on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Could Ford Motor Company (F) Buy Tesla Inc (TSLA)? 11 A-Plus Stocks That Are on Bernstein’s ‘Buy List’ Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Kārlis Dambrāns Regulator sues Apple for millions over iPhone repair policies Chris Smith @chris_writes April 6th, 2017 at 10:45 AM Share Tweet Remember the “Error 53” message that appeared last year on iPhones that were serviced by third-party repair shops? It turns out that kind of practice isn’t legal in Australia, or so the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) says. The regulator is suing Apple, alleging that the iPhone maker broke local consumer laws by bricking devices that were not repaired in official Apple shops. Don't Miss: 5 features on the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 you won’t find on any iPhone Error 53 was initially explained as a security measure meant to protect users whose iPhones or iPads had the Touch ID sensors swapped by a third-party repair shop. Apple than labeled it a mistake, providing support on how to avoid it. However, the ACCC thinks that Apple’s behavior isn’t acceptable in Australia. According to The Wall Street Journal, the ACCC is seeking monetary penalties for Apple that could go up to around $829,000 per violation. It’s unclear how many violations were registered in the region between September 2014 and February 2016. “It’s fair to say we haven’t observed similar behavior by other manufacturers,” chairman of the ACCC Rod Sims told The Journal. “Apple seems to have a particular way of doing things.” He said that the lawsuit isn’t just about Error 53, as it also targets Apple’s policy of charging for repairs if a device was previously serviced by a third party. The ACCC argues that it is often cheaper for customers to seek repairs from third-party shops. Under Australian consumer law, when a client purchases a product there is a guarantee the product will be a “reasonable fit” for its purpose. That guarantee is “not extinguished because a consumer has goods repaired by a third-party repairer,” according to Sims. “We want manufacturers to know that, and we want consumers to know that.” The ACCC says that Error 53 rendered devices unusable, which is why the regulator is seeking monetary compensation from Apple. Tags: Apple, iPad, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Tech Sam’s Club has a killer Galaxy S8 deal that’s even better than Best Buy’s 2 Tech This is your last chance to get T-Mobile’s best promo for free 3 Tech The next-gen Google Home will do something Amazon’s Echo can’t 4 Deals You can buy a Nintendo Switch online right now and it’ll ship tomorrow 5 Science Astronomers just discovered something awesome about the most Earth-like planet ever found Picked For You Sam’s Club has a killer Galaxy S8 deal that’s even better than Best Buy’s By Chris Smith April 6th at 7:45 AM The Nintendo Switch is apparently melting when in docked mode By Mike Wehner April 3rd at 12:09 PM What happens when a small Apple supplier loses its contract By Chris Mills April 3rd at 1:14 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Friday, Apr. 7, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals Visiting Apple Blossom: New head brewer, state legislation, upcoming projects By Brian Sorensen ·   April 6, 2017  Photo: Hutch and Futch / Courtesy Apple Blossom Brewing Co. I made several beer-related resolutions a few months ago. One of those resolutions was to visit more local breweries. Another was to get to know some of the new brewers in the area. I killed two birds with one stone during a recent visit to Apple Blossom Brewing Co. to meet new(ish) brewer Brian Youngblood and catch up with one of the brewpub’s co-owners, Evan McDonald, to discuss beer legislation and projects underway at Apple Blossom. Strong recommendation leads Youngblood to Apple Blossom Believe it or not, Youngblood celebrated his one-year anniversary at Apple Blossom on March 21. He took over for Marcus Ward, who took the reins from original brewmaster Nathan Traw in late 2014. That makes Youngblood the brewpub’s third head brewer since opening for business in July 2013. Youngblood is a Little Rock native who graduated from Bryant High School. While studying history and anthropology at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock he worked at Vino’s Brewpub – one of the state’s original breweries (and the oldest brewery still in operation today). At first he was assigned exclusively to the restaurant side of the business, but an opportunity in the brewhouse soon came his way. “I was always interested in beer,” said Youngblood. “I had never made beer before, but it sounded fun.” When the general manager approached him about helping out in the brewhouse Youngblood jumped at the chance. He had recently graduated from UALR and was hungry for new sources of income. “They started me off cleaning kegs,” he said. Every brewer seemingly starts at the bottom, and Youngblood was no exception. Bill Riffle was the head brewer at Vino’s when Youngblood joined the brewing team. Riffle eventually left to start his own brewery in Big Flat, Arkansas – about two hours north of Little Rock in what many would describe as the middle of nowhere (but totally worth visiting). “When he left they brought Josiah Moody in [to take his place],” said Youngblood. “And Josiah took me under his wing.” Claiming tutelage under a respected brewer like Moody helped Youngblood get off to a solid start. Youngblood worked under Moody – who coincidentally moved to Northwest Arkansas recently to take the head brewer position at Bike Rack Brewing Co. – for about a year and a half. Youngblood soon picked up and moved to Los Angeles, California to start a new chapter. His wife was in the fashion industry, and he was anxious to make it on his own as a brewer. “I thought it would be a good opportunity to make a name for myself in the brewing industry,” he said. “Maybe I was a bit naïve because I figured it would be easy to get a job.” Despite tremendous growth in LA’s brewing industry, Youngblood discovered it was hard to parlay his experience at Vino’s into a fulltime gig. In the interim he worked to build his resume – working at beer-centric bars, reading as many brewing books as he could get his hands on, and completing the esteemed Cicerone program (which essentially certifies someone as a “beer sommelier”). Apple Blossom brewers (from left) Roger Rains, Brian Youngblood and Dan Bush Courtesy photo He also brewed at home quite a bit. He joined a local homebrewers club and met some people who were opening a commercial brewery of their own. Their expertise, however, was in the information technology field, not making beer. They didn’t have the know-how to run a brewery themselves so they hired Youngblood as head brewer and tasting room manager. Transplants Brewing Co. opened in Palmdale, California in January 2016 with Youngblood at the helm. The gig at Transplants didn’t last long, though. Youngblood’s wife took a job at Walmart and a move to Northwest Arkansas was suddenly on the table. He started putting feelers out and an old connection came through. Josiah Moody, his former boss at Vino’s, was friendly with the Apple Blossom crew and knew they were in the market for a new brewer. He recommended Youngblood for the job and brewpub management was quick to take action. “We hired Brian after a single Google Hangouts interview and Josiah’s word alone,” said Apple Blossom co-owner Evan McDonald. The day I visited Apple Blossom I was able to sample several of Youngblood’s beers. One of which was an English Special Bitter (better known as ESB) brewed using the SMASH method (which stands for single malt and single hop). Youngblood used Maris Otter malt and East Kent Golding hops, and the combination resulted in a balanced and traditional take on the style. To soften things up even further Apple Blossom’s ESB is served on nitrogen. On the other end of the spectrum was Youngblood’s barleywine, which was based on one of his longtime homebrew recipes. “I love brewing big beers,” he said. “We spent the winter brewing several big beers, and the barleywine was one of the first.” Youngblood has been brewing his barleywine around his son’s birthday every year, putting several bottles back to age so he can enjoy them when his son comes of age. To scale it up for a production run at Apple Blossom was special for him. Also available for sample that day were a porter (chockfull of black patent malt with a nice roast character), a dry cider (a first for Apple Blossom), and a session IPA (based on a previous brewer’s recipe). All were fermented clean and were on-point as far as styles go. Assistant brewers Roger Rains and Dan Bush both play a part in creating a quality outcome on brew days. McDonald’s service in the Arkansas Brewers Guild continues McDonald, also a Little Rock native, is outspoken and a colorful character in the Arkansas brewing community. The Hendrix College graduate originally moved to Fayetteville with the intention of opening his own brewery. His first job after arriving in town was in the kitchen at Tiny Tim’s Pizza on the downtown square. “Sammy hired me and Al later fired me,” he said referring to current business partners Sammie Stephenson and Al Schaffer. Despite the occupational hazards involved with their first meeting, the new friends joined forces to launch a successful bar venture called Smoke & Barrel Tavern – a precursor to Apple Blossom Brewing Co. McDonald has been active in the Arkansas Brewers Guild since Apple Blossom’s beginning. He previously served as the guild’s secretary, and is currently the vice president. Jonathan Martin of Bubba Brew’s Brewing Co. in Bonnerdale, Arkansas (near Hot Springs) is the president. He is a licensed attorney by day and brewer by night. “That’s precisely the reason I nominated him for the position,” said McDonald, recognizing the importance of managing the guild’s legal affairs. Apple Blossom co-owner Evan McDonald (right) frequently appears alongside Brian Youngblood in ABBC’s weekly Facebook video updates. Courtesy photo Lobbying state legislators is, in fact, one of the Arkansas Brewers Guild most important charges. In an industry that has an estimated economic impact of $500 million across the state, making the laws more brewer-friendly is extremely important. Fortunately, The guild is finding an increasing level of support from legislators in Little Rock. One of the industry’s biggest allies is a state representative from Northwest Arkansas. “Greg Leding is a real hero for craft beer,” said McDonald. “He’s such a sweet heart to all of us.” Leding, a Springdale native and outspoken Democrat in what is an increasingly red state, recently co-sponsored a bill intended to improve the operating environment for the state’s brewers. I caught up with Leding at one of his “coffee with constituents” events at Onyx Coffee Lab to discuss the legislation. Senate Bill 659 seeks to clarify several things, including the right of “front-of-house” brewery employees to work at other businesses that serve alcohol. “There is a law that says if you work at a brewery you can’t also work at a restaurant that serves alcohol,” said Leding. “A lot of people that work in the industry have multiple jobs, so it seemed kind of ridiculous that you might be cut off from job opportunities if you work in the [beer] industry.” 659, which passed the senate without a single no vote and was subsequently sent to the governor’s desk for signature, also allows small breweries in the state to receive and hold out-of-state beers to be poured at beer festivals. Hard liquor will be allowed in brewery taprooms, and the legislation clarifies the rules regarding beer shipments between small breweries and their various satellite locations. Leding said there are virtually no holdouts in state legislature in terms of making things easier for the state’s brewers. “Even if you don’t drink – and there are a lot of people in the legislature who don’t drink – they recognize the economic impact of the brewing industry,” he told me. Apple Blossom projects There’s plenty in the works at Apple Blossom these days. Youngblood continues to hone his recipes, and several beers are on their way. There are a few (rather conspicuous) Four Roses whiskey barrels sitting in the brewhouse, imparting character on the beer contained inside. One barrel holds an old ale which Youngblood estimates will finish near 13% ABV after a six-month soak. Watch for special barrel releases soon. Business at Apple Blossom is strong, and Emma Street Bar & Tap – an offshoot in downtown Springdale – is doing well, too. “We’ll be coming into music season soon and the patio will start livening up a little bit,” said McDonald. Bar & Tap is the model for the ground level of another Apple Blossom project in south Fayetteville. A 0.2-acre lot adjacent to Greenhouse Grille on West Prairie Street will eventually be the home of a new mixed-use development with an Apple Blossom Brewing Company taproom on the ground floor. Staff photo The 12-unit project in Fayetteville’s Mill District is progressing, and should break ground later this month. McDonald said Apple Blossom will operate a taproom on the bottom level with residential units on upper floors. The mixed-use project, which includes Fayetteville Alderman Matthew Petty as a partner, will take about a year to complete. Apple Blossom’s bakery business – led by Cody Johnson – is going gangbusters. McDonald said he and his partners are looking for a location to build out that side of the business, which gets busier with each passing day. Where and how it happens is still up in the air, but a standalone bakery continues to be a priority. Even with clear priorities for the business the guys at Apple Blossom are always looking for the right set of circumstances to grow. “We’re basically looking for opportunities that will lead to total world domination,” said McDonald with a mischievous grin. With Youngblood at the brewhouse helm and McDonald providing equal parts wisdom and humor, Apple Blossom should continue to dominate its particular corner of the state’s brewing industry for the foreseeable future. TOPICS: Craft beerLocal craft beer RECENT POSTS IN THIS TOPIC Core to host homebrewing competition March 25, free public admission Core’s Emma Street Public House recognized as best beer bar in Arkansas Columbus House Brewery plans commemorative beer for 2017 Joe Martin Stage Race JJ’s Beer Garden & Brewing Co. nears opening day   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Email News Updates Receive an email with headlines for all the day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2017 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Yesterday AAPL: 143.66 -0.36 Under Trump tax plans, AAPL would repatriate $230B overseas cash, see profits jump 16% – Citi Ben Lovejoy - Apr. 6th 2017 7:30 am PT @benlovejoy AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit If Trump enacted his promised corporate tax reforms, Apple would likely repatriate the bulk of its $230B cash reserves held overseas, and see its profits jump by 16%. The prediction was made by Citi in analysis seen by Business Insider. Trump’s tax reform plans include reducing the corporate tax rate from 35% to 15% in the US, and applying a tax of only 10% to the profits of US companies that want to repatriate cash being held overseas […] The proposals would make it likely that Apple would move its foreign cash back to the US in order to pay the least amount of tax. In the most recent quarter, Apple said it was holding $246 billion in cash, of which $230 billion was held in foreign subsidiaries. The combination of the two would have a significant impact on earnings per share, says Citi … NordVPN Our analysis show a reduction in US tax rate will drive 6% benefit to EPS while a cash repatriation holiday and share buyback could drive an incremental 10% EPS benefit (assuming 25% of repatriated cash used for stock buy back). Either way, say analysts Jim Suva and Asiya Merchant, Apple is likely to increase both stock buybacks and share dividends. We expect Apple to provide an update to their Capital Returns program […] We currently model capital returns authorized to increase to ~$300 bln (from ~$250 bln currently) with a dividend increase of 10%. This aspect of the analysis echoes an earlier one by RBC. It should be noted that the Trump administration has so far failed to put forward any concrete proposals for either of the campaign promises, so it is far from certain that either one will ever be enacted. Photo: Reuters/Lucy Nicholson Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Search for: Australian Regulator Sues Apple Inc. Over iPhone Error 53 By Aman Jain on April 6, 2017 9:55 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip Apple is being sued again, this time by the Australian Competition and Consumer Authority (ACCC). Australia’s consumer watchdog has already commenced legal proceedings against the Silicon Valley giant, alleging that the tech company used a software update to disable iPhone devices that had cracked screens repaired by third parties, notes Reuters. JESHOOTS / Pixabay Why the Australia regulator is suing Apple If you have ever gotten your iPhone fixed by a third party, you may have come across Error 53. Error 53 not only made your phone unable to update but also pretty much useless to you. In a court filing, the watchdog said that the Cupertino-based firm disabled or bricked hundreds of tablets and smartphones with a software update and then declined to unlock them on the grounds that the owners of the devices had them serviced by third-party repairers instead of Apple-approved repairers. In a statement, ACCC Chairman Rod Sims, said, “Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party.” The Australian Commission alleged after an investigation that the tech giant seems to have routinely declined to look at or service the defective devices if they had been repaired somewhere other than at an Apple repair store. The tech giant engaged in deceptive or misleading conduct and made misleading or false representations to its consumers about software updates, the documents said. How Error 53 affects your iPhone Apple customers who downloaded software updates between September 2014 and February 2016 and connected their devices to their PCs received an error message saying that the device could “not be restored and the device had stopped functioning,” said the regulator. And when those customers went to the tech company to get their devices fixed, they were told that “no Apple entity … was required to, or would, provide a remedy” for free, the filing added. The Guardian was the first to reveal the error in February 2016. iPhone users who had gotten the home button of their iPhone 6 fixed by third-party repairers were complaining that the iOS 9 update completely wiped their iPhone and left them with just an Error 53 message on the screen. Several said at the time that the problem could be with the hardware, whereas the U.S. firm said the issue was the result of security checks that were designed to protect customers. Later, with a new iOS update, the tech company fixed the issue. However, legal experts warned that the iPhone maker could have been acting illegally by deliberately bricking only those devices which were fixed by third parties. The lawsuit was filed by the ACCC on Wednesday and is expected to take some months to resolve. The ACCC is seeking not only fines but also compliance program orders, declarations, pecuniary penalties, injunctions, corrective notices and costs. This means that if the ACCC wins, it will allow users to get their broken iPhone or iPad screen replaced cheaply while not breaching their right to get help from Apple’s Genius Bars. Apple has still not commented on the Australian lawsuit. Tags: Apple Australian Error 53 iPhone Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk Sudden Escalation: US Warships Fire Missiles Into Syria First Quarter 2017 Letter: Conscious Capitalists The Great ‘Buy the Dip’ / ‘Sell the Volatility’ Trade North American shale – Permian Copyright © 2016 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team Sponsored Content - Resource Center
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple's profits would jump by 16% under President Trump's proposed tax reforms, Citi says Jim Edwards Apr. 6, 2017, 10:35 AM 1,987 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Apple's profits might be boosted by 16% if President Trump's proposed tax reforms are enacted, according to an analysis by Citi. Trump's tax reform plans include reducing the corporate tax rate from 35% to 15% in the US, and applying a tax of only 10% to the profits of US companies that want to repatriate cash being held overseas. Currently, taxes on foreign profits are deferred until the money is moved back to the US. Under Trump's proposals, repatriating the cash at a one-time 10% tax rate would be more profitable than paying the 15% domestic rate. And it would avoid a recurring annual charge of 10% on future foreign profits. The proposals would make it likely that Apple would move its foreign cash back to the US in order to pay the least amount of tax. In the most recent quarter, Apple said it was holding $246 billion in cash, of which $230 billion was held in foreign subsidiaries. Citi analysts Jim Suva and Asiya Merchant say they would expect Apple to use the cash to increase its stock buyback program, adding 10% to EPS. The lowered domestic tax rate would also improve earnings per share by 6%: ... we see Apple as a significant beneficiary of Trump tax reforms. Apple is very well positioned to benefit from potential tax reform of either or both a repatriation tax holiday and or a lower corporate tax rate. Our analysis show a reduction in US tax rate will drive 6% benefit to EPS while a cash repatriation holiday and share buyback could drive an incremental 10% EPS benefit (assuming 25% of repatriated cash used for stock buy back). They believe Apple will update its "capital return" program on the next earnings call: We expect Apple to provide an update to their Capital Returns program, especially in the light of a potential tax reform benefit from reduction in corporate taxes and cash repatriation. With domestic FCF generation at ~$20bln and net cash at $158 bln (up slightly y/y in December), AAPL should announce an increase to their annual shareholder return policy during their quarterly earnings call. We currently model capital returns authorized to increase to ~$300 bln (from ~$250 bln currently) with a dividend increase of 10%. Here's a chart: Citi NOW WATCH: Your neighbor's WiFi is ruining yours — here's how to fix it Loading video... More: Apple Trump Taxes facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple's profits would jump by 16% under President Trump's proposed tax reforms, Citi says Apple's profits would jump by 16% under President Trump's proposed tax reforms, Citi says Apple's profits might be boosted by 16% if... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Microsoft Translator adds Japanese as a supported speech translation language 2 hours ago Android usage: Marshmallow sees its first loss; latest version of Nougat is stagnant 2 hours ago Android devices can be compromised simply by being within range of nefarious Wi-Fi networks 5 hours ago NBA Playgrounds is a return to arcade-style basketball action 5 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft Translator adds Japanese as a supported speech translation language 2 hours ago Happy Birthday: Windows 3.1 is 25 years old 8 hours ago New firmware available for Surface Book and Pro 4 running Windows 10 Creators Update 8 hours ago JD Power: Microsoft Surface beats Apple tablets, "sets the bar for customer satisfaction" 11 hours ago View all Microsoft news Android usage: Marshmallow sees its first loss; latest version of Nougat is stagnant 2 hours ago Google ends support for Google Play Games Services on iOS, cuts features on Android 17 hours ago The next Google Home speaker is expected to include a built-in Wi-Fi router 20 hours ago New Office Insider for Android build brings collaborative editing to Excel and more Apr 5, 2017 View all Google news Apple Music for Android revamped with new design and more 5 hours ago JD Power: Microsoft Surface beats Apple tablets, "sets the bar for customer satisfaction" 11 hours ago Apple's Boot Camp doesn't support clean installations of the Windows 10 Creators Update 14 hours ago Apple sued by ACCC for alleged misrepresentations over consumer rights and repairs 16 hours ago View all Apple news Wise Disk Cleaner 9.46 58 minutes ago LibreOffice 5.3.2 1 hour ago DivX 10.8.1 Apr 5, 2017 f.lux 4.20 Beta [Update] Apr 5, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 Samsung's Galaxy S8 goes shark diving with T-Mobile's latest underwater unboxing Mar 30, 2017 Unboxing and application of the Spigen GLAS.tR SLIM HD screen protector for Nintendo Switch Mar 27, 2017 View all unboxings Windows 10 for PCs build 15063.13 is available in the Production ring - here's what's fixed Apr 5, 2017 Ubuntu dropping Unity desktop in favour of GNOME Apr 5, 2017 Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs officially revealed for the "most powerful console ever" 17 hours ago Happy Birthday: Windows 3.1 is 25 years old 8 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 95% off The 2017 Complete Java Bundle with Neowin Deals, get for just $49 18 hours ago Save 75% off a lifetime license to GlassWire Elite, get for just $49 via Neowin Deals Apr 5, 2017 Get this 8-course Complete Computer Science Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Apr 4, 2017 Grab a lifetime subscription to TigerVPN for only $29 - limited time offer Apr 3, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple sued by ACCC for alleged misrepresentations over consumer rights and repairs By Boyd Chan Neowin LLC @therealboydchan · 16 hours ago with 8 comments Back in February last year, some iPhone 6 and iPad users were finding themselves in a quandary after encountering the then mysterious 'Error 53' on their newly bricked devices. Ultimately, the cause of the error was found to be related to third-party repairs or replacements of the smartphone's TouchID sensor. In order to address the issue, Apple issued an iOS update allowing users to restore their affected iPhones to a working state. However, that's not the end of the story, at least for the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC). The competition regulator opened its own investigation after receiving reports relating to 'Error 53' from consumers, many of whom had third-party repairs undertaken on their Apple devices, such as having damaged screens replaced. The ACCC has now alleged that Apple made false representations to owners of affected Apple products, that free remedy was not available to them on the basis that their devices had been repaired by third-party 'unauthorised repairers". In a statement regarding the matter, ACCC chairman Rod Sims sad: "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party, Denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third party repairer not only impacts those consumers but can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at lower cost than the manufacturer." At present, the ACCC is pursuing "pecuniary penalties, injunctions, declarations, compliance program orders, corrective notices, and costs" from Apple in the Federal Court. The legal action comes just months after Apple announced its intention to oppose 'right to repair' laws being proposed in Nebraska and other US states. Source: Australian Competition and Consumer Commission Tags Apple Iphone Ios Error 53 Bricked Ios 9 Iphone 6 Accc Australia Consumer rights Legal Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Microsoft is making Project Scorpio to "win the developers back" Next Story March security update for Android begins rolling out to Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016) in Europe Community Activity Refresh The Problems of living in Texas in Real World Issues The Sims Freeplay will not be receiving any more updates on Windows phones in Front Page News Microsoft officially bans game emulators from Xbox and Windows Store in Front Page News The Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update won't be coming to all Windows phones in Front Page News U.S. Launches Missiles at Syrian Base After Chemical Weapons Attack in Real World Issues Android devices can be compromised simply by being within range of nefarious Wi-Fi networks in Front Page News Forza Horizon 3 - Greatest racer of the gen? in Gamers' Hangout Spotify app for Windows phones will no longer get new features, now in "maintenance mode" in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Windows 10 for PCs build 15063.13 is available in the Production ring - here's what's fixed Apr 5, 2017 with 29 comments Ubuntu dropping Unity desktop in favour of GNOME Apr 5, 2017 with 80 comments Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs officially revealed for the "most powerful console ever" 17 hours ago with 64 comments Happy Birthday: Windows 3.1 is 25 years old 8 hours ago with 19 comments Related Stories Personal playlist sharing comes to Groove Music on iOS Mar 2, 2017 Five months after its release, iOS 10 is now on 79% of active iOS devices Feb 22, 2017 Video shows off rudimentary version of iOS Apple developed for the original iPhone Jan 11, 2017 · Hot! Almost four months after its release, iOS 10 is now on 76% of active iOS devices Jan 6, 2017 deals TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off Pay What You Want: Ashampoo Best Selling Software Bundle $429.92 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Show Comments 8 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs of the "most powerful console ever" project scorpio Transparent tiles coming to Start menu with Windows 10 Redstone 3 update transparent live tiles You can now install Creators Update using Microsoft's Update Assistant creators update Microsoft reveals the data it's collecting from Windows 10 devices windows 10 video HP EliteBook x360 G2: Unboxing and first impressions hp elitebook x360 Happy Birthday! Windows 3.1x turned 25 years old on April 6 windows VIDEO HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display: Unboxing and first impressions hp spectre x360 Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update won't be coming to all Windows phones windows phone Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple has a solution to underpowered MacBook Pro graphics: fix it yourself Chris Smith BGR NewsApril 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple earlier this week announced that a bunch of Mac products are in the works and you can expect them to launch this year. But the company’s top execs also made additional comments meant to reassure fans that the Mac line isn’t going away anytime soon. Hidden in those remarks lies a gem that indicates Apple is perfectly okay with you upgrading your MacBook’s graphics performance yourself, which should be great news to Mac tinkerers. Don't Miss: Amazon’s 15 best deals: Hot new Nintendo Switch game, Apple Watch case, so many Bluetooth headphones “I think they have a place,” Apple’s Craig Federighi said when TechCrunch’s Matthew Panzarino asked him about Apple’s philosophy on external GPUs. With that simple answer, the top boss at Apple’s software engineering division solved the matter for the time being. Ever since the MacBook Pro (2016) came out last fall, some people criticized the laptop’s lack of sufficient RAM and its inferior graphics card. But users quickly discovered they can use external GPUs to turn the MacBook Pro into even more powerful computers. The advantages of hooking up an external GPU card to a MacBook Pro are multiple. You can keep upgrading the GPU in time and enjoy a richer graphics performance without worrying about battery life consumption. The downside is that you have to spend additional cash on an enclosure for said GPUs and for the GPUs themselves. Not to mention that this system works only in “desktop” mode, as you can’t really take that external GPU with you on the road. However, the fact that Apple will not seek to actively block your efforts to use external GPU is a good sign. Sure, you do need to know what you’re doing, and enabling external GPU does require some knowledge of how Mac works, but Federighi’s short comment is a reassurance that Apple won’t take additional steps to block such monstrosities in future Sierra updates. Trending right now: A big-name Nintendo Switch game was just released for the first time since launch Watch the Pepsi commercial that has the entire internet going crazy The first Galaxy S8 drop test has some bad news See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Don’t throw these sneakers out — you can compost them Yahoo Tech Astronomers just discovered something awesome about the most Earth-like planet ever found BGR News How Apple's secrecy can hurt consumers Yahoo Tech This is your last chance to get T-Mobile’s best promo for free BGR News Pogue’s Basics: How to speed up YouTube playback with a keystroke Yahoo Tech Robot arms are now teaching each other how to work Yahoo Tech Surface Pro 4 Just Hit Rock Bottom Price Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) The disruption of workers by robots is about to take a giant leap forward Yahoo Tech Google's new YouTube TV lets you watch cable for $35 a month Yahoo Tech Snap up the discontinued Polaroid Cube 1080p action camera for $58 on Amazon Digital Trends ‘Thursday Night Football’ is coming to Amazon Prime next season Yahoo Tech Obsess over your dog even more with this smart pet door Yahoo Tech Astronomers may have the data they need to prove ‘Planet Nine’ exists BGR News Artificial intelligence is now trying to make sense out of the mess that is Congress Yahoo Tech
Australian consumer commission suing Apple over ‘Error 53’ iPhone failures | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple releases Clips Australian consumer commission suing Apple… Apple execs remain optimistic about Apple… Scania becomes first company to add CarPlay… Apple patent hints at improvement to let… Apple Music for Android update adds lyrics… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Blue Ella Headphones Apple iPad (Fifth-Generation) AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle… Blue Sadie Headphones Circle with Disney Parental Control and Internet… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Gear4 Piccadilly and Soho for iPhone 7 Catalyst Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus ExoLens Case for iPhone 7 iClever BoostCube Dual Port USB Wall Charger GettaGrip Grip2u Boss for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Just Mobile Headstand Avant MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… Belkin DuraTek USB–C Cable IK Multimedia Fulltone Collection for AmpliTube Urban Armor Gear Plasma Series Case for MacBook… SmallCubed Mail Act-On Henge Docks Horizontal Docking Station HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Using 3D Touch to view notifications in folders Checking HomeKit accessory battery levels… Using Theatre Mode in watchOS 3.2 Renaming Albums in the iOS 10 Photos app Adjusting 3D Touch Sensitivity Changing iPhone volume using Siri DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Nifty MiniDrive MicroSD Card… Daily Deal: Live Home 3D Pro for Mac Daily Deal: G-BOOM Wireless Bluetooth Boombox Daily Deal: MacX Media Management Bundle Daily Deal: Kove Commuter Wireless Speaker Daily Deal: TigerVPN Lifetime Subscription GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Australian consumer commission suing Apple over ‘Error 53’ iPhone failures By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 18 hours ago The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) is suing Apple over last year’s Error 53 problem that disabled iPhones which had undergone third-party repairs, The Wall Street Journal reports. The ACCC, which is an arm of the Australian government focused on consumer law and competition regulation, is alleging that Apple was in violation of Australian laws by “bricking” iPhone devices and refusing to subsequently repair them at no cost to customers on the basis of the devices having been previously serviced by third-party service providers. The regulator is seeking monetary penalties that could amount in up to $829,000 (A$1.1m) per breach if the courts find Apple liable. When the Error 53 problem first appeared in Feb. 2016, Apple initially insisted that it was a security measure to protect the integrity of Touch ID security, which relies on a unique pairing between each Touch ID sensor and the internal Secure Enclave that stores fingerprints and Apple Pay credit and debit card data. Several people disputed Apple’s claims, however, since prior to iOS 9, replacing a Touch ID sensor simply disable the Touch ID features and Secure Enclave, leaving the iPhone otherwise operational. A little over a week after the Error 53 problem was first reported, Apple released a fix in iOS 9.2.1 that users could apply to affected iPhones over a USB transfer from iTunes in order to restore their iPhones to normal operation. ACCC chairman Rod Sims notes that the lawsuit is looking to deal with the overall issue of third-party repairs, rather than just the Error 53 issue specifically, and that the ACCC is seeking to challenge Apple’s “overall policy of requiring customers to pay for repairs to defective components if their device was previously serviced by a third party.” Sims also notes that from the ACCC’s perspective, such practices are unique to Apple. The regulator’s position on the Error 53 lawsuit is that Australian consumer law requires that consumers are guaranteed that a product they purchase will be “reasonably fit” for its intended purpose, and that this guarantee is “not extinguished because a consumer has goods repaired by a third-party repairer.” Notably, Australia is a year late to the game in addressing the Error 53 issue, as lawyers in both the U.S. and the U.K. threatened legal action when the problem first appeared in Feb. 2016; with a class action lawsuit last spring eventually thrown out by a U.S. judge. That said, the Australian lawsuit is the first being brought by a government agency over the issue, and may play out differently under Australian consumer protection laws. Comments « Apple releases Clips Daily Deal: Nifty MiniDrive MicroSD Card Adapter » Related Stories Apple releases Clips Apple patent hints at improvement to let Siri recognize specific voices Reports: iPhone 8 won’t cost more than $1,000, but launch may be delayed to October or November Apple releases minor iOS 10.3.1 security update Apple bidding on Toshiba’s flash memory division, cuts ties with Imagination Technologies Apple fixed 911 call bug with iOS 10.3 update Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple releases Clips Australian consumer commission suing Apple over ‘Error 53’ iPhone failures Apple execs remain optimistic about Apple Pay, despite slow uptake Scania becomes first company to add CarPlay to semi trucks Apple patent hints at improvement to let Siri recognize specific voices Apple Music for Android update adds lyrics support, brings design into line with iOS 10 Music Reports: iPhone 8 won’t cost more than $1,000, but launch may be delayed to October or November High-level Apple designer Christopher Stringer leaves the company Apple adds 22 new U.S. banks, credit unions Apple refunding recent purchases of Workflow app Recent Reviews Blue Ella Headphones Apple iPad (Fifth-Generation) AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle Lens Kit Blue Sadie Headphones Circle with Disney Parental Control and Internet Filtering System Pioneer Rayz Plus Lightning Connector Earphones BEEM United BeMe D200 Lightning Connector Earphones Jam Audio JAM Xterior Max Rugged Wireless Bluetooth Speaker HiFiMAN Edition S Headphones Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
GO TO FULL SITE Tbilisi: 07 Apr 2017, 11:08 EN English Version Home Analysis Special Reports Government Multimedia In Pictures Life Press Scanner Blogs Time in Tbilisi: 07 Apr 2017, 11:08 News Politics Economy Society Justice Foreign Affairs Elections Culture Sport Good News In Pictures News Politics Economy Society Justice Foreign Affairs Elections Culture Sport Good News News Articles Blogs Archive NEWS Back Tweet Apple licensed products and services to be available in Georgia 6 Apr 2017 - 18:23:00 Tweet Share Print Article Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Apple licensed products and services to be available in Georgia Agenda.ge,6 Apr 2017 - 18:23, Tbilisi,Georgia Georgian fans of Apple will be thrilled by the news that they soon will be able to use Apple licensed products and services. By the end of this year Georgian App Store will be opened which will allow the consumers to get the licensed products and services. For developers, this means a new opportunity to create better applications. The Georgian App Store will place all Georgian-made applications within one network and will help raise awareness of Georgian products. This was decided during the meeting between Apple high officials and the Georgian Ambassador to the United States (US) David Bakradze. The sides agreed to list Georgia among the priority countries where Apple would consider future expansion. Back Tweet Most Read Check if your country is on the visa-free list1 Christmas lights illuminate Tbilisi for New Year’s Eve celebration2 Installation of “border" signs in Georgian villages sees important pipeline under Russian control3 Quirky Christmas tree’s delight Tbilisi4 Hundreds at risk as major flood hits Tbilisi, animals escape from Tbilisi Zoo5 Tags Cloud Georgian National Museum ethnic culture Fine Art Public Defender of Georgia Kirill Zdanevich Sergei Parajanov Max Karl Tilke Shalom Kobiashvili Oscar Schmerling USAID Georgia Tbilisi Univermagi Co-Investment Fund Bidzina Ivanishvili Willbrok Management International Tbilisi Plaza Tbilisi Georgian Government military servant police officer state compensation President of Georgia Giorgi Margvelashvili Healthcare Minister Davit Sergeenko St. George’s Order of Victory World Health Day Rikoti Pass car accident Parliament of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Association Agreement European Union European Parliament House of Representatives Netherlands trade mission business forum Georgian Chamber of Commerce Netherlands’ Embassy to Georgia top destination National Geographic Traveler tourism vacation vacation in Georgia Gregory Karasin Abkhazia Tskhinvali South Ossetia Irakli Garibashvili Shida Kartli Strong Region for Strong Georgia RELATED NEWS Home News Timeline In Pictures About Agenda.ge Contact Us News Politics Economy Society Justice Foreign Affairs Elections Culture Sport Good News Analysis Special Reports In Pictures Life Press Scanner Twitter Facebook Youtube Flickr Rss Digg Copyright © 2013. Agenda.ge TOP ARTICLES NEWS ABOUT AGENDA CONTACT US COPYRIGHT © 2013. AGENDA.GE
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple Ditching Imagination Technologies Should Scare NVIDIA and AMD It's a risk that may not materialize for a decade or more, but it's there. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Apr 6, 2017 at 9:00AM Earlier this week, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) graphics technology supplier Imagination Technologies disclosed that it had been notified that Apple is planning on dropping the company within the next two years. Shares of Imagination lost two-thirds of their value that day, which isn't all that surprising given Apple accounts for fully half of all revenue. While there are some legal uncertainties surrounding whether or not Apple can actually craft its own GPU architecture without infringing on any of Imagination's intellectual property, if the Mac maker pulls it off, its A series of chips would become even more vertically integrated than ever before. That should scare Apple's current discrete GPU suppliers for the Mac, NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) and AMD (NASDAQ:AMD). The bad news There's been no shortage of debate over the years about the possibility of Apple ditching Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) as the main CPU supplier for Macs. Apple switched to Intel a dozen years ago, and Apple introduced its first proprietary chip, the A4, seven years ago. As Apple continues to make progress with making its A series of chips increasingly more powerful, it approaches a day when it could conceivable transition to its own designs. The most recent A10 Fusion is already comparable to low-end Intel chips in terms of performance. Image source: Apple. The same threat exists for NVIDIA and AMD. Apple cyclically switches between the two GPU specialists, with AMD currently enjoying Mac design wins wherever discrete GPUs are necessary (15-inch MacBook Pro, 27-inch iMac 5K, and Mac Pro). But NVIDIA scored the last cycle, and could very well win the next one. Given Apple's clearly expanding graphics ambitions, it will naturally target integrated graphics architecture first, like what A chips currently use. The possible progression is this: Apple eventually supplants Intel for CPUs with integrated graphics by using its A chips, and then way farther down the line considers making discrete GPUs for high-end applications. To be clear, these possibilities are far in the future. It's going to be a long time until A chips can compete with high-end Intel chips on performance, and an even longer time until Apple could even conceivably compete with high-end discrete GPUs from NVIDIA and AMD. But the point is that this is all potentially in Apple's long-term road map, in which case it's a risk that NVIDIA and AMD (and their respective shareholders) must acknowledge. The good news Fortunately, both companies continue to diversify away from the discrete GPU market. Much of NVIDIA's share gains over the past year are primarily attributable to progress in autonomous driving technology, artificial intelligence, and data centers. Gaming still represents nearly 60% of revenue, but the other segments are all putting up strong double-digit growth (or triple-digit growth, in the case of data centers). AMD has been focusing on the game console market, and its processors power both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. These semi-custom processors, along with the enterprise and embedded business, now represent the majority of sales (54%), and it's even profitable too, unlike the computing and graphics segment that includes Apple's business. NVIDIA and AMD have plenty of time to continue diversifying their businesses, but eventually (i.e., potentially 10 years or more) Apple might ditch them, too. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 9:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.66 down $0.36 (-0.25%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.03 down $0.19 (-0.52%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $13.27 down $0.90 (-6.35%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $100.76 up $0.73 (0.73%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel NVIDIA Corporation Unveils a New Titan The 3 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy in 2017 3 Things That Could Hurt NVIDIA Corp. The World's First Autonomous Race Car Is About More Than Fun Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple Ditching Imagination Technologies Should Scare NVIDIA and AMD @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC, $AMD, $NVDA
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Home News Articles NASDAQ:AAPL Apple sued by Australian regulators for allegedly refusing to repair devices serviced elsewhere Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 09:16 06 Apr 2017 Apple allegedly used software that disabled devices after users had them serviced by alternative providers Apple is under fire down under Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is being sued by the Australian competition watchdog for refusing to service or replace defective devices previously repaired by a third party store. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) claims Apple used software, which disabled iPhones and iPads that had been serviced elsewhere after users downloaded updates. "error 53" message.... Last year users who serviced their devices outside of Apple stores were presented with an “error 53” message after upgrading via iTunes to IOS 9.2.1. This prevented them from using the devices. Apple allegedly declined to service the devices when users brought them in to be fixed. The regulator instituted proceedings against Apple in the Federal Court today after investigating these complaints from users. entitled to a free repair.... The ACCC said Apple broke the law as Australian consumers were entitled to a free repair if a produce was not fit for use. "Denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third party repairer not only impacts those consumers, but can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options, including where they may be offered at lower cost than the manufacturer," ACCC chairman Rod Sims said. Apple faces fines, injunctions and corrective notices if the regulator’s lawsuit is successful. The company declined to comment on the news. The ACCC took a different approach last week when it backed Apple in denying Australian banks the right to introduce their own mobile payment system on Apple devices. The watchdog prevented Westpac, Commonwealth Bank, National Australia Bank and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank's request to launch their own mobile applications on iPhones and Apple Watches that could be used for contactless payments instead of the Apple Wallet. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Renae Dyer Register here to be notified of future AAPL Company articles View full AAPL profile Apple Timeline Article March 30 2017 Apple vs. Samsung - will the iPhone8 trump the Galaxy S8? Article March 21 2017 Apple Inc launches cheaper iPad and red iPhone 7 as market speculates on iPhone 8 Article February 22 2017 Morgan Stanley upbeat on Apple, calls China sales concerns "mis-guided" Article February 14 2017 Apple to see spike in sales on release of next iPhone, says Goldman Newswire February 02 2017 Apple raises debt fund ceiling to $10bn Article February 01 2017 Strong iPhone sales help Apple's first-quarter results beat forecasts, but some caution on outlook Article January 12 2017 Apple goes to Hollywood? Article January 05 2017 Apple’s App Store just had its best day ever Newswire December 19 2016 Apple starts defence of not paying the Irish Revenue Article November 21 2016 Fewer special divis send dividend growth rate into reverse View All RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Apple View full company profile Apple Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets personal computers, mobile communication devices, and portable digital music and video players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, and networking solutions Apple Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets personal computers, mobile communication devices, and portable digital music and video players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, and networking solutions Hide text Market: NASDAQ EPIC: AAPL 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Proactive Investors Recommended Technology switch drove 2016 growth for Stadium Group, with 2017 expected to see more acceleration Rainmaker Resources is a value play in lithium Rimfire Pacific Mining NL talks billion dollar partner in Proactive Q&A Sessions™ International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse What Does Apple Dropping Imagination Mean For Other Apple Suppliers? Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 06, 2017 9:54am   Comments Share: Related AAPL The Latest iPhone Rumor Suggests Its Launch Date Has Been Moved To October Or November Apple's Move To Ditch A Supplier Was 'Ruthless' But In-Line With Long-Term Vision Norman Fields, Gottscho Capital Management, LLC Buys Delta Air Lines, Apple, Hexcel, Sells ... (GuruFocus) For an Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) supplier that generates more than half its revenue from Apple, the news that Imagination Technologies just received is the worst-case scenario. Apple recently announced that it will not be renewing Imagination’s contracts, sending Imagination’s shares plummeting 75 percent. Beyond Imagination For other Apple suppliers heavily dependent on Apple revenue, such as Cirrus Logic, Inc. (NASDAQ: CRUS), Glu Mobile Inc. (NASDAQ: GLUU) and Aehr Test Systems (NASDAQ: AEHR), the Imagination news was enough to send a chill down their spines. Each of these three suppliers generates at least 47 percent of its total revenue directly from Apple, and shareholders can't afford to get dropped like Imagination did. It appears Aehr shareholders may already be worried, as the stock is now down 9.9 percent since the Imagination announcement. Each Apple supplier makes a unique contribution to Apple devices, so apples-to-apples comparisons to Imagination are difficult. However, a deeper look into Apple’s reported reasoning behind the decision could be concerning for all of Apple’s suppliers. Apple's Imagination Deal Apple and Imagination had a 10-year business relationship. During that time, Apple poached a handful of Imagination’s top executives, a move that Imagination shareholders likely didn’t mind given the two companies’ enduring relationship. However, after working closely with Imagination’s GPU technology and top minds for a decade, Apple has now decided it intends to make its own GPUs. With nearly $250 billion in cash, Apple could have easily afforded to buy Imagination. Instead, it dropped the company like a bad habit. If this type of approach becomes a pattern for Apple as it expands its in-house production, other suppliers may be in trouble as well. However, some analysts, such as Jefferies’ Ken Rumph, are speculating that Apple may simply be taking a controversial approach to an Imagination buyout. By cutting Imagination loose, all of Imagination’s Apple-related value immediately poured out of the stock. Rumpf says Apple may be intentionally “using the warning of cessation to depress its prey’s valuation (and emphasize its dependence on Apple) before pouncing.” A Look Forward If Rumph is correct, Imagination and other Apple suppliers have little to fear. If, however, Apple is content to take what it has learned from Imagination and leave the company out to dry, shareholders of other Apple suppliers should be watching closely to make sure this approach doesn’t become a pattern for Apple in the future. Related Links: UBS Considers The Prospects Of A $1,000 iPhone The Latest iPhone Rumor Suggests Its Launch Date Has Been Moved To October Or November Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Imagination TechnologiesAnalyst Color News Contracts Analyst Ratings Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AEHR) The Latest iPhone Rumor Suggests Its Launch Date Has Been Moved To October Or November Apple's Move To Ditch A Supplier Was 'Ruthless' But In-Line With Long-Term Vision UBS Considers The Prospects Of A $1,000 iPhone Apple's Contribution To The S&P 500 Index, Explained All Smoke, No Fire? Trump Officials Threaten Changes In Work Visas For Foreigners Encouraging iPhone Data Leads PacCrest To Lift Apple's Price Target View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 BNTC, VICL: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 AMZN, TWLO: Trip Chowdhry: Twilio's Broken Fundamentals, Problems A... 3 INTC, WDC: March PC Shipments Exceed Forecasts, Bode Well For... 4 TNXP, AUPH: Adam Feuerstein Sees Major Price Manipula... 5 CYCC: Adam Feuerstein Unloads On Cyclacel P... 6 VRX, COF: Citron Goes Short On FleetCor 7 LNDC, SHLM: 8 Stocks To Watch F... 1 BG, SIX: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For April 6, 2017 2 DELL, EMC: NetApp's Recent Momentum Should Continue; JMP Upgrades 3 TWTR, ABMD: The Market In 5 Minutes 4 YHOO: Nate Richardson Rinses The Soot Of The Deal Off In... 5 LXK, COST: A Supreme Court Hearing On Printer Cartri... 6 GOOG, GOOGL: One Of The First Reviews Of Yo... 7 FSLR, CAFD: Both 8point3, First... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Coal ETF Still Hoping Trump Delivers
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Playing Now Draghi: 'no need to deviate' from ECB policy path - 01:49 Xi, Trump to discuss trade, currency - 01:43 BMW, Allstate pull ads from 'O'Reilly Factor' - 01:32 Wall St ends down after Fed minutes - 01:17 Breakingviews TV: M&A bread maker - 03:01 Driverless direction for Daimler and Bosch - 01:25 EU's Barnier: 'no' to parallel Brexit/trade talks - 01:50 Macron still ahead after friction-filled debate - 01:29 Alitalia grounds flights as staff go on strike - 01:09 JAB buys Panera Bread for $7.5 billion - 01:03 UK economy probably slowing but productivity grows - 01:35 Regulator sues Apple alleging iPhone 'bricking' Thursday, April 06, 2017 - 01:26 Australia's consumer watchdog sues Apple Inc alleging it used a software update to disable iPhones which had cracked screens fixed by third parties. Sonia Legg reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript It's happened to many of us. But a cracked screen is a particularly expensive problem for Apple device owners. The US tech giant likes to keep all repairs in house and charges a premium for the privilege. That right is about to be put to the test. Australia's consumer watchdog has filed a lawsuit alleging Apple used a software update to disable iphones which had screens fixed by third parties. (SOUNDBITE) (English) LCG SENIOR ANALYST, JASPER LAWLER, SAYING: "Apple is able to charge premium prices and have wide margins which is why Apple stock has done so well over the past few years. If other companies, other suppliers are able to cut in, affect the quality even, that's what Apple is really worried about here and this could open up other other areas perhaps more important than just repairs." Hundreds of smartphones and tablets were allegedly "bricked" by Apple between September 2014 and February 2016, according to the court filing. Customers who downloaded software updates and then connected their devices to their computers received a message saying it "could not be restored." The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission is seeking injunctions, corrective notices and costs. The lawsuit comes a week after the same watchdog granted Apple a win. It denied Australians banks the right to introduce a mobile payment system to rival its Apple Wallet. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2odcMie <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371437795" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Regulator sues Apple alleging iPhone 'bricking' Thursday, April 06, 2017 - 01:26 Top News » Trump orders military strikes against Assad... 8:05am IST - (3:05) Merkel calls lack of Syria U.N. resolution... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (0:47) Trump looks to Xi on trade, North Korea Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:14) Syria hits back at gas attack blame Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:10) Breakingviews TV: Bezos’ space race Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:59) Plane laptop ban may compromise safety -... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:11) Trump looks to Xi on trade, North Korea Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:14) Israeli killed in Palestinian car ramming in... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (0:50) Macron's lead narrows in French presidential... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (0:58) As Russia stands by Assad, relations are... Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (1:05) Russia bombing unmasks new jihadist generation Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (1:55) Britain, France renew call for Assad to go Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (2:16) Rough Cuts » Trump orders military strikes against Assad... 8:05am IST - (3:05) Trump says he's 'developed a friendship' with... 5:55am IST - (1:05) China's Xi meets with Trump in Florida 5:10am IST - (1:07) Scarlett Johansson says she is baffled by... 2:50am IST - (3:03) Trump says "something should happen" with... 2:01am IST - (1:20) China's Xi arrives in Florida for first... 12:35am IST - (1:18) Merkel calls lack of Syria U.N. resolution... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (0:47) Republicans approve "nuclear option" Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:29) Century-old posters of U.S. WWI entry are... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:32) Democrats block Gorsuch's confirmation vote Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:04) Schiff: Nunes Russia probe decision offers... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (0:45) Humanitarian organisations rescue hundreds of... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (0:50) Technology » Avatars help scientists find best female dance... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:15) FUTUREPROOF Episode One, Part Three Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (7:22) LiFi tech turns light bulbs into internet... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:12) Artificial life spawns billion dollar industry Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:41) Study reveals Britain's ice age "Brexit" from... Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (2:08) Mosquitoes more attracted to already-infected... Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (1:19) Cassini spacecraft to dive inside Saturn's... Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (1:01) Musk mocks short-sellers after Tesla stock... Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (1:53) FUTUREPROOF Episode One, Part One Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (11:37) FUTUREPROOF Episode One, Part Two Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (7:02) Needle-free vaccine delivery on the horizon Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (2:17) Inventor hopes eTrike will succeed where uncle... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (1:57) Oddly Enough » 'Pink Star' diamond sells for record $71.2... Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (1:03) Dogs in Egypt line up to get fit in first... Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (0:51) Polish zoo shows off its rare white tiger... Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (0:52) 'Queer British Art' reflects social revolution Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (2:01) 'Gulliver's Gate' debuts its Lilliputian world Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (2:05) Swimsuit-clad skiers parade down Sochi's... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (0:54) London exhibition elevates selfies as an art... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:09) East meets West at Sotheby's Hong Kong... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Alligator tied to tree in Snapper Village Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) French artist attempts to hatch eggs Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Poop and fish guts for the win Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:02) Virginia's 'Dr. Doolittle' gives amputated... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:56) Entertainment » Scarlett Johansson says she is baffled by... 2:50am IST - (3:03) Century-old posters of U.S. WWI entry are... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:32) Chris Evans talks about celebrity in the... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:09) Anne Hathaway back in "Colossal" independent... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:02) Brad Pitt makes red carpet return at 'The Lost... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:01) 'Your Name' draws modern love film from... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:53) Freeman, Caine talk ageism and 'bromance' Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:42) Jackie Evancho's message to President Trump Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (1:49) Wolf Erlbruch wins top children's book prize Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (1:37) '42nd Street' debuts on West End Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (1:09) Spice Girl Mel B files restraining order... Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (0:53) Diesel, Theron get Fast and Furious in Berlin Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (1:26) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Apple Says Mac Mini Refresh Will Happen, Offers Little Detail Posted: Apr 6 2017, 6:27am CDT | by Shane McGlaun, in News | Apple     No word on when exactly the refreshed Mac mini might land If you aren't a professional user and don't care for notebooks, the best way to get into the Mac world is the Mac mini. The machine is relatively cheap, small, and works well for your typical computer users. The catch is that the Mac mini has been without an update for a long time now and we weren't sure Apple wouldn't just kill of the Mac mini. Don't Miss: The hottest Apple Rumors for 2017 Recently Apple's Phil Schiller talked about Apple's future plans for the Mac Pro line of computers and he announced that the tech giant is completely rethinking the Mac Pro line and will come out with an external display again to go with that updated Mac Pro. The rub was the updates aren't expected this year. During that same chat, MacRumors reports that Schiller also talked about the long neglected Mac mini desktop computer. Schiller said, "On that I'll say the Mac Mini is an important product in our lineup and we weren't bringing it up because it's more of a mix of consumer with some pro use. … The Mac Mini remains a product in our lineup, but nothing more to say about it today." So no details about an update, but Schiller did say the Mac mini will remain a part of Apple's lineup moving forward. This is good news for desktop fans who want macOS, but have no desire to step up to the iMac or Mac Pro. The last Mac mini update came in October 2014. Pricing on the current models range from a $499 starting point up to $999 depending on configuration. They languish with a 1.4GHz Core i5 processor, 4GB of RAM, Intel HD 5000 graphics, and a 500GB hard drive in base versions. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Shane McGlaun Tech and Car expert Shane McGlaun (Google) reports about what's new in these two sectors. His extensive experience in testing cars, computer hardware and consumer electronics enable him to effectively qualify new products and trends. If you want us review your product, please contact Shane. Shane can be contacted directly at shane@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple-Samsung Curved OLED Deal is for 92M Screens over 2-Years 18 hours ago, 5:57am CDT Apple Could Delay iPhone 8 Launch Till October or November 1 day ago, 11:34am CDT Springtomize 4 A flexible customizing tweak now compatible with iOS 10 1 day ago, 11:12am CDT How to downgrade from iOS 10.3.1 to iOS 10.3 or 10.2.1 1 day ago, 11:08am CDT The Toy of the Summer: Splashlings (Again) 6 hours ago, 6:31pm CDT Project Scorpio: What We Know and What Remains a Mystery 7 hours ago, 5:31pm CDT Shia LaBeouf’s Movie ‘Man Down’ Sells Just 3 Tickets in UK Release 8 hours ago, 4:30pm CDT 2017 New York Auto Show New Debuts 8 hours ago, 4:00pm CDT French Scientists are Offering Volunteers $17000 to Lie in Bed for Two Months and Do Nothing 10 hours ago, 1:50pm CDT Comcast Launches Xfinity Mobile Service for $65 per Month 12 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT Nissan to Bring Unique Star Wars Experience to 2017 New York Auto Show 12 hours ago, 12:30pm CDT Stone Age Cannibalism was Not Just for Food 12 hours ago, 11:59am CDT 2017 Honda Civic Si Coupe and Sedan Debut with 205 HP 13 hours ago, 11:41am CDT 2018 Alfa Romeo Stelvio SUV Lineup Debuts at 2017 New York Auto Show 13 hours ago, 11:09am CDT 2018 Nissan 370Z Heritage Edition Debuts at New York Auto Show 14 hours ago, 10:13am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Apple Apple-Samsung Curved OLED Deal is for 92M Screens over 2-Years 18 hours ago, 5:57am CDT Apple Could Delay iPhone 8 Launch Till October or November 1 day ago, 11:34am CDT Springtomize 4 A flexible customizing tweak now compatible with iOS 10 1 day ago, 11:12am CDT How to downgrade from iOS 10.3.1 to iOS 10.3 or 10.2.1 1 day ago, 11:08am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News The Toy of the Summer: Splashlings (Again) 6 hours ago, 6:31pm CDT Project Scorpio: What We Know and What Remains a Mystery 7 hours ago, 5:31pm CDT Shia LaBeouf’s Movie ‘Man Down’ Sells Just 3 Tickets in UK Release 8 hours ago, 4:30pm CDT 2017 New York Auto Show New Debuts 8 hours ago, 4:00pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Apple-Samsung Curved OLED Deal Is For 92M Screens Over 2-Years Posted: Apr 6 2017, 5:57am CDT | by Shane McGlaun, in Rumors | Apple     Curved OLED deal has been ramped up with Apple wanting more screens Apple has signed a new screen deal with Samsung that will see Apple buying 92 million OLED panels with curved edges over the next two years. What the length of the deal means is that we will certainly be seeing more curved screen devices from Apple in the coming years. Don't Miss: Today's Best Deals on Amazon.com This rumor comes on the heels of another rumor that claimed Apple had ordered 70 million curved OLED panels from Samsung. These panels are specifically for the ramp up to build the much rumored iPhone 8 according to MacRumors. The new 92M screen deal is said to be for handling demand this year and beyond into 2018. The report of the higher screen order has come from publications in Korea. With the new 92 million screen number, that means that Apple is predicting that about 30% of its iPhone shipments will come with curved OLED panels. To handle the demand, Samsung has reportedly converted one of its Asian LED factories to produce OLED parts. OLED production investments by Samsung are expected to reach 10 trillion won in 2017 according to the supply chain sources. The official announcement of the new iPhone models is expected to come in September, but the phones might not be available until later in 2017, perhaps near the end of the year. Rumors continue to suggest the new iPhone line will all feature glass bodies, wireless charging, and perhaps higher prices. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Shane McGlaun Tech and Car expert Shane McGlaun (Google) reports about what's new in these two sectors. His extensive experience in testing cars, computer hardware and consumer electronics enable him to effectively qualify new products and trends. If you want us review your product, please contact Shane. Shane can be contacted directly at shane@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple says Mac Mini Refresh Will Happen, Offers Little Detail 18 hours ago, 6:27am CDT Apple Could Delay iPhone 8 Launch Till October or November 1 day ago, 11:34am CDT Springtomize 4 A flexible customizing tweak now compatible with iOS 10 1 day ago, 11:12am CDT How to downgrade from iOS 10.3.1 to iOS 10.3 or 10.2.1 1 day ago, 11:08am CDT The Toy of the Summer: Splashlings (Again) 6 hours ago, 6:31pm CDT Project Scorpio: What We Know and What Remains a Mystery 7 hours ago, 5:31pm CDT Shia LaBeouf’s Movie ‘Man Down’ Sells Just 3 Tickets in UK Release 8 hours ago, 4:30pm CDT 2017 New York Auto Show New Debuts 8 hours ago, 4:00pm CDT French Scientists are Offering Volunteers $17000 to Lie in Bed for Two Months and Do Nothing 10 hours ago, 1:50pm CDT Comcast Launches Xfinity Mobile Service for $65 per Month 12 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT Nissan to Bring Unique Star Wars Experience to 2017 New York Auto Show 12 hours ago, 12:30pm CDT Stone Age Cannibalism was Not Just for Food 12 hours ago, 11:59am CDT 2017 Honda Civic Si Coupe and Sedan Debut with 205 HP 13 hours ago, 11:41am CDT 2018 Alfa Romeo Stelvio SUV Lineup Debuts at 2017 New York Auto Show 13 hours ago, 11:09am CDT 2018 Nissan 370Z Heritage Edition Debuts at New York Auto Show 14 hours ago, 10:13am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Apple Apple says Mac Mini Refresh Will Happen, Offers Little Detail 18 hours ago, 6:27am CDT Apple Could Delay iPhone 8 Launch Till October or November 1 day ago, 11:34am CDT Springtomize 4 A flexible customizing tweak now compatible with iOS 10 1 day ago, 11:12am CDT How to downgrade from iOS 10.3.1 to iOS 10.3 or 10.2.1 1 day ago, 11:08am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News The Toy of the Summer: Splashlings (Again) 6 hours ago, 6:31pm CDT Project Scorpio: What We Know and What Remains a Mystery 7 hours ago, 5:31pm CDT Shia LaBeouf’s Movie ‘Man Down’ Sells Just 3 Tickets in UK Release 8 hours ago, 4:30pm CDT 2017 New York Auto Show New Debuts 8 hours ago, 4:00pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple's Clips Social Media Video App Available for iPhone, iPad Pebble Update Lets Watches Work After Servers Shut Down Samsung Lands 2 Year Deal for Curved OLED iPhone Displays Tips macOS: Putting a Recovery Partition on Your Mac (Without Reinstalling macOS) Get Free Bitcoins from 15 Faucets That (Still) Pay Podcasts Pebble Watches Aren't Dead Yet, Whole-home VPN - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-06 The Mystery of New Mac Pros, Apple and Politics, and Robot Welfare - ACM 405 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Apple and the OODA Loop Problem Ya Gotta Love Free and Useful Stuff for Macs... The Most Important Word Apple Used in its Mac Pro Announcement President Trump Signs Law Erasing Broadband Privacy Protections View All Editorials → Apple Watch Series 3 Set for Fall Launch Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Apr 6th, 2017 9:33 AM EDT | News The third generation Apple Watch, or Apple Watch Series 3, will ship in late 2017, according to insider sources. Apple is also adding Compal Electronics as a second watch manufacturer. Apple Watch Series 3 reportedly coming this fall Supply chain sources speaking with DigiTimes say Compal Electronics will start shipping Apple Watch in the second half of 2017, which is a good indicator that we’ll see the updated smartwatch in the fall. The company has been redeploying equipment from its smart device production centers in preparation for Apple Watch. Compal Electronics joins Quanta as Apple’s second smartwatch production partner. All production for the original Apple Watch and Apple Watch Series 2 has been handled by Quanta. Compal Electronics isn’t confirming or denying the report, but reallocating manufacturing equipment is a good hint at its plans. More Fall Apple Watch Series 3 Reports Reports have targeted spring and fall for the next Apple Watch release, although now it’s looking like spring is off the table. The new model may include wireless data support so users can access online information, like weather reports, without their iPhone nearby. Sources are also saying Apple plans to keep Apple Watch Series 2 as a lower price option, just as it does with Apple Watch Series 1 now. Other than the Mac Pro, Apple doesn’t talk about future product plans so there isn’t any official word from the company on what’s in store for the next Apple Watch, or when it will be available. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Watch Series 3, Compel Electronics, Quanta 3 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick April 6, 2017 See yesterday’s Joy of Tech comic http://www.geekculture.com/joyoftech/joyarchives/2404.html April 6, 2017 at 10:07 EDT AM FlipFriddle April 6, 2017 Nice. I can finally see if I can afford a Series2! April 6, 2017 at 10:32 EDT AM wab95 April 6, 2017 Jeff: Many thanks for that update. I suppose rumours still lean towards the same form factor as Series 0 – 2. I’ve heard nothing about new sensors. Lee: Joy of Tech nailed it. April 6, 2017 at 11:35 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Bryan Chaffin | April 6, 2017 Apple and the OODA Loop Problem John Martellaro | April 5, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $143.66 -0.36 (-0.25%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple's Clips Social Media Video App Available for iPhone, iPad Pebble Update Lets Watches Work After Servers Shut Down Samsung Lands 2 Year Deal for Curved OLED iPhone Displays Apple Watch Series 3 Set for Fall Launch Apple Pay Cash Transfers Now Work With Western Union App Recent Tips See All » macOS: Putting a Recovery Partition on Your Mac (Without Reinstalling macOS) Get Free Bitcoins from 15 Faucets That (Still) Pay Enabling Find My Mac Might Not Work if Recovery Drive Is Damaged or Missing PSA: Find My Mac Has a Serious Security Vulnerability How to Change Your iPhone and iPad's Name for AirDrop Recent Editorials See All » Tim Cook Offers Auburn Students 'A Personal View of Inclusion and Diversity' Apple and the OODA Loop Problem Ya Gotta Love Free and Useful Stuff for Macs... The Most Important Word Apple Used in its Mac Pro Announcement President Trump Signs Law Erasing Broadband Privacy Protections 14719 Jeff Gamet news 3 1491471221 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Breaking News × PressTV Schedule Watch Live   News Middle East Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Iran Politics Economy Energy Nuclear Energy Culture Defence US UK Videos Programs A Simple Question Africa Today Comment Economic Divide Food for Thought Iran Iran Today Islam and Life On The News Line Pictures that Shake the World Press Plus The Sun Will Rise The Isle True Image Docs فارسی French فارسی French Australians sue Apple for refusing to repair error Thu Apr 6, 2017 1:2PM Home US Economy This image shows the Apple logo at a store in the central business district of Sydney, Australia, on April 6, 2017. (Photo by AFP) Hundreds of Australian consumers are suing US Apple company for violating consumer rights by allegedly refusing to look at or repair some iPads and iPhones previously serviced by a third party. Australia’s consumer watchdog agency, the Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC), announced on Thursday that it had filed a legal complaint on behalf of 275 consumers against Apple Pty Limited and its US-based parent Apple Inc. Apple company "made false, misleading, or deceptive representations about consumers'," ACCC charged. If ACCC wins the case, each violation of Australian law can attract a maximum fine of 830 million US dollars, pending on the court decision. The case followed an ACCC investigation into consumer reports saying users who had an "Error 53" that disabled their iPads or iPhones after updating their operating systems were "routinely refused" by Apple to have their devices looked at or serviced. This file photo shows logos of US multinational technology company Apple. (Via AFP) What is Error 53? Error 53 is a security check system that needs to be upgraded time to time. It appears "when a device fails a security test", according to Apple. "This test was designed to check whether Touch ID (fingerprint-recognition feature) works properly before the device leaves the factory, and wasn't intended to affect customers," the company said on its website. Consumers who had gone to non-Apple repairers for update complained that their devices had become useless. ACCC chairman Rod Sims said companies must remember that consumer rights extended to software or software updates on goods they sell. "Faults with software or software updates may entitle consumers to a free remedy under the Australian Consumer Law," he said. It is not the first time ACCC has locked horns with Apple. In 2013, it worked with the watchdog over a court-enforceable undertaking after alleged "misleading representations" to customers that it did not need to refund, replace or repair some products even though required to under Australian law. The tech giant, which could face similar legal actions in other countries, has made no response to the latest litigation. Loading ... Related Stories Business Apple to pay €318mn over tax fraud probe US-based computer tech giant, Apple, has agreed to pay Italy 318 million euros to settle a tax fraud dispute. News Bulletin Apple to pay $350 million to settle tax fraud probe in Italy US tech giant Apple will pay nearly 350 million dollars to settle tax fraud probe in Italy.   News Iran Middle East US UK Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Video News Bulletin Reports Interviews TV Watch Live Schedule Shows Documentaries PressTV About PressTV Frequencies Privacy Policy Contact Info SMS Subscribe PressTV © Copyright 2016 PressTV. All rights reserved. Top
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Uniloc Sues Apple on Three Counts of Patent Infringement Covering iOS 7's Frequent Locations Feature & more | Main | Apple Patent Focuses on Future Apple Pencil Pie-Chart Menus Supporting Business Applications » April 06, 2017 Apple Patents Reveal High-Tech Fabrics for Future Apple Products Including a MacBook with a Smart Fabric Lid   The US Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple that relates to laminated polymer fabrics and the cutting of laminated polymer fabrics using laser techniques that are well suited for consumer products made by Apple. Another fabric related patent surfacing today updates a 2015 patent relating to the field of woven fabric displays which include fibers having varying optical properties. One example describes the top lid of a future MacBook being a smart fabric which could display messages and time on the lid when closed.   Apple further notes that the smart fabrics could also be incorporated into the palm rest area of the MacBook that could light up with messages about the status of the MacBook and more. In another example, Apple describes a faux suede fabric look for a future MacBook which could be a nice change from aluminum.   Patent Background   Polyurethane laminated fabrics are laminated fabrics generally characterized as being flexible and water resistant, and are thus used in a wide range of applications including garments and medical equipment and accessories.   The polyurethane laminated fabrics generally include woven fibers or threads of material that give them a flexible and cloth-like feel and movement. One of the manufacturing challenges associated with using polyurethane laminated fabrics as a raw material is that when the laminated fabric is cut, the cut woven fibers or threads can protrude from edges of the laminated fabric, leaving a ragged and cosmetically unappealing edge.   In addition, the fibers or threads may be a different color than the polyurethane, exacerbating the cosmetic problem. What are needed therefore are methods for efficiently cutting polyurethane laminated fabrics such that the cut laminated fabric has clean and cosmetically appealing edges.   Apple's Solution   Apple's invention relates to laser techniques for cutting laminated fabric materials. In particular embodiments, efficient laser cutting techniques for forming cosmetically appealing cut edges on laminated fabrics in a manufacturing setting.   The invention includes a method of forming a cosmetic edge on a laminated fabric. The laminated fabric includes a polymer layer and a fabric layer. The fabric layer includes fibers. The method includes cutting an edge of the laminated fabric by directing a laser beam at the laminated fabric. During the cutting, the laser beam melts a portion of the polymer layer forming a pool of melted polymer material, wherein the pool of melted polymer material coats the fibers along the edge so as to prevent exposure of the fibers along the edge.   In some embodiments, the fibers are synthetic fibers, such as polymer-based fibers, carbon fibers, or glass fibers. In other embodiments, the fibers include natural fibers such as cotton, wool or flax. In some embodiments, the fibers include a combination of different types of synthetic fibers and/or natural fibers. The material for fibers can be chosen based on high strength modulus, chemical and thermal stability and other factors. Suitable synthetic polymer fibers can include Vectran (RTM of Kuraray America, Inc.) and Kevlar (RTM of DuPont).   Fabric layers can be sandwiched between a first polymer layer and second polymer layer which can act as physical and moisture barriers to the fabric layer.   A Cosmetic layer can be made of any suitable material and be chosen for qualities such as a desired color, texture, durability, fade resistance, etc. In a particular embodiment, a cosmetic layer can includes a faux suede material. In some cases more than one cosmetic layer is used.   Apple's patent FIG. 1 noted above shows us a plan view and a partial cross-section view of laminated fabric. FIG. 2B shows laminated the fabric #102 after laser beam #202 has completed several impingements within the laminated fabric such that subsequent pool #206 of melted polymer material from the first polymer layer #106 is formed; FIG. 4 is a flowchart indicating a process for cutting a laminated fabric.   Apple's patent application was filed back in Q1 2016. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   While we're on the subject of next-gen materials that Apple may use in future products, a continuation patent surfaced today covering the topic of a "Woven Display."   For a general overview of noted Apple's invention you could review our original report titled "Apple Reveals Future Smart Apple Watch Band that could Act as a Messaging Display" that was posted in December 2015.   As is the case with many inventions that Apple is working on, new developments and advancements are ongoing and when significant advances are made, Apple moves to legally nail them down by extending the original patent claims so as to protect key aspects of an invention.   The key additions to their patent   Apple's patent claims now introduce a dual display design as follows:   "A fabric comprising: a plurality of woven fibers, wherein at least some of the fibers are light-transmissive fibers, and wherein each light-transmissive fiber defines multiple light-transmissive portions within a display region, wherein the light-transmissive portions selectively illuminate to create a first illuminated design in the display region, and wherein the first illuminated design transitions to a second illuminated design in the display region by changing which light transmissive portions are illuminated."   Secondly, Apple's invention now includes warp and weft fibers: Claim #2: The fabric of claim 1, wherein the woven material has warp fibers and weft fibers, wherein some of the warp fibers are light-transmissive fibers, and wherein the weft fibers are not light-transmissive fibers.   Other new claims include:   Claim #4: The fabric of claim 1, wherein some of the light-transmissive portions have different sizes from others of the light-transmissive portions.   Claim #5: The fabric of claim 1, wherein at least one of the first illuminated design and the second illuminated design comprises a representation of alpha-numeric text.   Claim #8: The fabric of claim 1, further comprising a light source in electronic communication with a processor of an electronic device.   Claim #11: A fabric display system comprising: a woven fabric forming a display region; a light source configured to direct light through fibers of the woven fabric to illuminate discrete portions of the fibers; and an electronic device in electronic communication with the light source, wherein the electronic device sends signals to the light source to selectively illuminate at least some of the discrete portions of the fibers to create a first illuminated design and to transition the first illuminated design to a second illuminated design.   Claim #13: The fabric display system of claim 11, wherein the fabric is physically connected to the electronic device.   Claim #16: The fabric display system of claim 11, wherein the fabric forms a carrying pouch for the electronic device [related to the MacBook illustration above], and wherein at least one of the first illuminated design and the second illuminated design display information from the electronic device.   MacBook Cover Display & Carrying Pouch   Apple's continuation patent elaborates on the messaging and the woven displays on the MacBook in addition to a MacBook pouch and/or carrying case. Below are just a few added points that weren't covered in the original report because this information wasn't available at that time.   Referring to FIG. 13 which is illustrated above, Apple notes that the top portion #52 of a MacBook #49 is shown in a closed position. In one embodiment, the outside cover portion #56 includes a woven fabric that has been invested with a resin such that it is formed as part of the housing such that the fabric portion #21 is visible to a user.   The Fabric may also be added to an existing housing as a cover portion. Information, such as time on a digital clock is displayed by the light transmissive fibers in the fabric.   The information displayed may go beyond mere time to include information about the status of the MacBook or an indication of messages received or calendar information regarding appointments could be visually conveyed to a user on the outside of the MacBook when it is, or is not, otherwise in use. For example, the visible light portions on the fabric could blink when a message is received to alert the user.   In an alternate embodiment, the fabric is made into a carrying pouch or case accessory. Fabric MacBook accessories could also take on the appearance of a a backpack or a purse which may be removably connected to the MacBook.   Apple's patent application was filed back in Q4 2016. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on April 06, 2017 at 07:26 AM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple Macs , Materials, Processes | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Patents Reveal High-Tech Fabrics for Future Apple Products Including a MacBook with a Smart Fabric Lid Uniloc Sues Apple on Three Counts of Patent Infringement Covering iOS 7's Frequent Locations Feature & more Apple Patent Reveals an Echo-Like Device while explaining how Siri will coordinate iDevices to perform a Specific Task The Trump Administration is set to meet Top Foreign Business Leaders including Samsung about Investments and More Apple Reportedly Signs on Second Apple Watch Supplier Compal to Crank Up Sales for Q4 Apple's Move to Take Control over its Graphic Chip is likely due to their Next Big Thing: Augmented Reality Apple's High-End iPhone 8 Shipping Date may be slightly pushed out to Mid-Q1 for Technical or Strategic Reasons Apple Patent Reveals a New Security Feature Coming to Siri Dubai News Reveals another Apple Store under Construction that will have a Spectacular View of Dubai Fountain Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Opinions 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
1-800-517-4570sdfsfd 1-800-517-4570 Home Press Releases Sign In Menu  Welcome  Pricing  Register  Testimonials  Search  Agency List  Podcast  RSS Feeds  Privacy  Contact  prMac Blog Sidebar Press Releases Contact Sidebar The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree released for iOS: Kids Interactive Book April 6, 2017 in Books (E) [prMac.com] Montreal, Canada - Parents in search of an interactive book app for their child that superbly combines imagination with education, can now head to the App Store and download The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree by developer Emilio Aguirre. This classic heartwarming tale follows the coming-of-age journey of a tiny apple tree living in the middle of an enchanted forest full of giant pine trees, including the tallest and oldest pine tree of all known as the "Extraordinary Blue Pine." Envious of the massive tree's ability to touch the stars at night and draw cloudy designs in the sky, the little apple tree struggles miserably to grow higher and higher - that is, until the day a special secret is revealed that changes its destiny forever. In total the Blue Pine and the Apple Tree includes 22 beautiful and richly detailed full-color animated pages, which are accompanied by delightful music and fun surprises. The app also features two reading options: "Listen to the Tale" and "Read it Myself." The former option lets children sit back and enjoy listening to a narrator weave the spellbinding story. The latter option lets children take the reigns and read at their own pace, which can include re-reading previous pages if they wish. Other special features include: * A kid-friendly interface that makes it simple to hide or show the text in either reading mode * Five story narration language options to support multi-lingual development: English, French and Spanish * The option to bookmark favorite pages and return to them anytime "Parents are always looking for ways to spend quality time with their child in a way that's enjoyable and playful, and also supports their little one's development and learning," commented Emilio Aguirre. "The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree achieves all of these goals in a unique and memorable way. It's an inspiring story and an interactive experience that will stay with children for many years, and will help them feel that, just like the little apple tree, they can reach for the sky and the stars!" Device Requirements: * iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch * Requires iOS 8.0 or later * 367 MB Pricing and Availability: The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree 1.1 is $2.99 USD (or equivalent amount in other currencies) and available worldwide through the App Store in the Books category. A dedicated desktop version for macOS is also available. Both versions include translations in English, French, Spanish, Portuguese and Italian. The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree 1.1 More Info Purchase and Download Screenshot App Icon Based in Montreal, Canada, Emilio is a talented software engineer with over 6 years experience working in the games industry for companies including Gameloft, Electronic Arts, Hibernum Creations and Ludia Inc. Sparked by a long held desire to create a 3D short for his children, Emilio has passionately created "The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree" as an interactive book to be enjoyed by his children and those around the world. All Material and Software (C) Copyright 2017 Emilio Aguirre. All Rights Reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPod and iPad are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks and registered trademarks may be the property of their respective owners. ### Mark Johnson Media Director 1-408-757-0156 United States Testimonials OS X Apps iOS Apps "We are a small business who makes applications for touch screen devices and we weren't sure how to get the word out about our new software/updates. We then came across prMac. Almost instantly, we had more orders than ever before, more views to our website, and much higher profit. The extended release option sent our press release out to many more companies looking to review our apps, which helped a lot. Keep up the good work!" Charlie Carver - CodeKraken OS X Apps Accessories Announcements Cases and Bags Disk Cataloging Educational FileMaker Financial Gaming Hardware Illustration Image Editing iTunes iWeb iWork Mac OSX Mail Multimedia Music and Recording Networks and FTP OS X Development Project Tracking Promotions Publishing Seminars and Events Software Technology Tips and How To User Groups Utility Web Design iOS Apps Bags and Cases Books Business Education Entertainment Finance Games Health and Fitness iAnnouncements iOS Development iPod Lifestyle Medical Mobile Accessories Music Navigation News Photo and Video Productivity Reference Services Social Networking Sports Travel Utilities Weather Video News Release See Our Podcasts on iTunes! Registered Members There are 14679 Members. Register today! Media Partners There are 859 media agencies. View list Latest Trackbacks The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree for … Smash Tennis for iOS - Makes Finding … KeynotePro releases 3 New Themes for … AsterDroids released for all Mobile D… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… Print/PPP/Keywords Print this page | PDF | TXT | Read other releases by this member. Books | Children | Pine Tree | Reading | Animation | Fairy Tale | Storytelling | Music | eBook | Kids | iOS Site Map Welcome Privacy Testimonials Contact Pricing Agency List Podcast RSS Feeds Search Twitter Facebook LinkedIn DIY Media Distribution | Publish Once. Broadcast the World. | © 2007-2017 GeekSuit, LLC × Alert OK × Alert Testimonials OS X Apps iOS Apps "We are very happy with prMac's service and want to thank Ray Barber. With their service the rank of our site has been increased significantly. We also get far better results than trying to manually contact the press. And Ray is the best editor I've even seen, giving us the greatest ideas on our press communications. In a word, thank you very much!" Steven Lee - uFlysoft Studio. OS X Apps Accessories Announcements Cases and Bags Disk Cataloging Educational FileMaker Financial Gaming Hardware Illustration Image Editing iTunes iWeb iWork Mac OSX Mail Multimedia Music and Recording Networks and FTP OS X Development Project Tracking Promotions Publishing Seminars and Events Software Technology Tips and How To User Groups Utility Web Design iOS Apps Bags and Cases Books Business Education Entertainment Finance Games Health and Fitness iAnnouncements iOS Development iPod Lifestyle Medical Mobile Accessories Music Navigation News Photo and Video Productivity Reference Services Social Networking Sports Travel Utilities Weather Video News Release See Our Podcasts on iTunes! Registered Members There are 14679 Members. Register today! Media Partners There are 859 media agencies. View list Latest Trackbacks The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree for … Smash Tennis for iOS - Makes Finding … KeynotePro releases 3 New Themes for … AsterDroids released for all Mobile D… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele… The Blue Pine and the Apple Tree rele…
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Apple taken to court for 'refusing to fix devices' 6 April 2017 From the section Technology These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-39517028 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright AFP Image caption Regulators say Apple "routinely refused" repairs after an error disabled consumers' devices Australia's consumer watchdog has begun legal action against Apple over claims it refused to repair iPads and iPhones previously serviced by third parties. It alleges that Apple made "false, misleading, or deceptive representations" about consumers' rights under Australian law. The case follows complaints that users were "routinely refused" repairs after an error disabled their devices. Apple did not immediately respond to the BBC's request for comment. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) began an investigation after users complained about Apple's so-called "error 53", which disabled some users' devices after they downloaded an update to their operating system. Many had previously had their device fixed by a third party, not an official Apple technician, often to replace a cracked screen. In many cases, Apple refused to fix the devices, even when the repair was unrelated to the fault, the ACCC said. The proceedings against Apple were brought on behalf of 275 consumers. ACCC chairman Rod Sims said: "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer's warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party." Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The issue also affected iPads He added: "Denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third party repairer not only impacts those consumers but can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at lower cost than the manufacturer." He also reminded businesses that consumer rights extended to "any software or software updates" loaded onto those goods. Breaches of Australian Consumer Law can result in fines of up to A$1.1m (£667,000). In February 2016, Apple apologised over similar claims and issued a fix for error 53. Some users found that their iPhone stopped working following servicing by a non-Apple technician and saw an "error 53" message in iTunes. Apple said the error occurred when a device failed a standard security test designed to ensure that the Touch ID fingerprint scanner was working correctly. Related Topics Tablets Apple Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Apple found guilty of Russian price-fixing 15 March 2017 Apple apologises for iPhone 'error 53' and issues fix 19 February 2016 Top Stories US launches missile strikes against Syria Cruise missiles hit an air base the US believes launched Tuesday's suspected chemical weapons attack. 7 April 2017 Westminster attack victim dies 7 April 2017 Sharp rise in A&Es turning away ambulances 7 April 2017 Features Quiz of the week's news Is it time to scrap gender specific awards? Video Labia stretching: Why some British girls are told to do it 'My fertility app made me too stressed to conceive' Should Scotland join Canada? From 'Cheriegate' to fresh claims of fraud Why did America enter World War 1? News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Why Everyone Will Still Buy a $1,000 iPhone 8 Josh Smith04/05/2017 There are a lot of rumors that the iPhone 8 price will jump up to $1,000 or higher when it comes out later this year. Even if this happens, it’s not going to slow down the sales of the iPhone 8 because of how much the buying process has changed. Sure, $1,000 is a lot of money for a smartphone or anything, but it isn’t like you are going to walk into Best Buy, Apple, Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile or Sprint and slap $1,000 on the counter to buy the newest iPhone. The top of the line iPhone 7 Plus already costs $940 and it’s one that sells well enough for Apple to continue offering it and making it part of the Product(RED) iPhone 7 Plus. UBS analyst Steven Milunovich shares in a new note that they expect the price to be under $1,000, but there are other reports including Fast Company that report an iPhone 8 price over $1,000. A $1,000 iPhone 8 price doesn’t matter when most people pay for the phone monthly. When it comes to buying the iPhone 8, the new iPhone price isn’t going to be the one that most shoppers look at. Even if Apple charges $1,000 or $1,100 for the new iPhone 8 this year, that is not what you’ll see front and center on the price tag at any store. Instead of a $1,000 iPhone 8, you’ll see a $41 a month iPhone 8, or a $45 a month iPhone 8. That still sounds expensive, but the 256GB iPhone 7 Plus is already $40.41 a month and the Samsung Galaxy S8+ is $35 a month. An unlimited plan on Verizon is $80 with auto pay and includes the account access. Add on an iPhone 8 with monthly payments and you’ll pay $120 to $125 a month. That’s not out of the range of many plans that buyers use and pay right now. People are already paying Apple $40 to $45 for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with AppleCare+ and the option to upgrade after 12 payments. With an iPhone 8 price over $1,000, these plans could increase to $50 a month for the phone, which isn’t inconsequential, but it’s not a going to break the bank for someone already willing to spend $45 a month. Take Our Poll Will you pay $42 to $45 a month for the new iPhone 8? Or is that too much for a smartphone, when you can buy a computer for that price? Check out what you can expect from the iPhone 8 release date and potential iPhone 8 specs and features. 8 iPhone 8 Features We Want in 2017 New iPhone 8 Design to Enable Features   1 / 8 Everyone wants a new iPhone 8 design, but most people don't know what changes they actually want. We're leading off our iPhone 8 feature wishlist with a new iPhone 8 design because it is a key part of enabling new iPhone 8 features. After sticking with a very similar design for three years there is an expectation of major changes for the 2017 iPhone and here are the things we would love to see Apple do with a new design. Shrink the overall size of the iPhone 8 Plus without lowering the screen size. Apple could do this by shrinking the bezels on the sides and bottom of the iPhone some to offer a smaller overall package. Apple could choose to change where you use Touch ID and how the home button works in new ways to make this happen. We definitely don't want a phone that is slim just to be slim, especially not at the price of battery life, but there is something to be said about an iPhone 8 design that trims some fat. The Jet Black iPhone 7 feels different than all the other colors. While it is more susceptible to scratches it is easier to grip, which is something we can definitely see Apple add to the new iPhone 8. KGI Securities Analyst Ming-Chi Kou predicts the iPhone 8 design will look include an all glass front and back with stainless steel metal on the edges of premium models. This could come together for an iPhone 8 design that looks like a cross between the iPhone 4s and the Jet Black iPhone 7.   1 / 8 One Response 04/06/2017 Mr. Me Reply Nice English, Skippy: “…the iPhone 8 design will look include an all glass front …” Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Sponsor Story: Forget Apple! This stock's a buy Forget Amazon. This stock could be even bigger. Post to Facebook Forget Apple! This stock's a buy  Forget Amazon. This stock could be even bigger.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2oMDv31 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Story from Forget Apple! This stock's a buy Rex Moore, for The Motley Fool 9:00 a.m. ET April 6, 2017 Why not invest in a company that could have a drastically larger role in this new tech, and yet is only 1/12th the size of Apple? (Photo: The Motley Fool) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE There’s something crucial you need to know about Apple’s stock, especially if you already own it, know someone who does, or have even thought about buying it: 1. Apple is secretly working on its next big product… something so extraordinary — so CRAZY -- that the speculation surrounding it has investors drooling with anticipation. 2. One stock that our analysts believe is poised to benefit the most from Apple's next game-changer IS NOT Apple. This exciting new technology should make any investor’s ears perk up. Heck, Apple even filed a patent related to it. The profit potential is enormous: Tech giants like Google and Intel are scrambling to claim their piece of the action... the University of Michigan, Carnegie Mellon, and Stanford have dedicated millions to researching the technology… and Morgan Stanley says the market could be worth $2.6 trillion in the next 13 years. But I have never seen so many people get so excited about a single apple while completely missing the entire tree. That’s because Apple’s stake in this coming tech tidal wave is expected to be relatively small, no matter how successful they are. Instead… Why not invest in a company that could have a drastically larger role in this new tech, and yet is only 1/12th the size of Apple? Think about how much more room it has to grow! <!--iframe--> That’s because this modest company is sitting on a gold mine of patents and intellectual property that’s absolutely critical in this new field. Nearly every other company in this new industry will have to pay it to use its technology. You can almost hear the cash register ring each time a sale is made… no matter who makes it! So while Apple is exciting to us as consumers, it’s this other tech-savvy company that should be exciting to us as investors looking for our next big success. That's why I hope you take a few minutes to unlock the full research a team of highly trained stock analysts from The Motley Fool put together on this developing story and discover why we could be near a turning point. Click here to get all of the details of how you might invest in this huge emerging trend. Data as of March 12, 2017. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Rex Moore owns shares of Alphabet (A shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Members of the editorial and news staff of the USA TODAY Network were not involved in the creation of this content. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2oMDv31 Motley Fool Is this tiny stock the Amazon killer? Apr 05, 2017 More Stories from Motley Fool Say goodbye to iPhone. No one guessed Apple's next product Sponsor story We're betting $829,918 on ONE stock in 2017 Sponsor story This stock could be like buying Apple in 2007 Sponsor story Motley Fool issues rare triple-buy alert Sponsor story
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Can Apple Inc. Charge Over $1,000 for Its OLED iPhone 8? If the device turns out to be fully loaded with new features, it would be more than fair. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 6, 2017 at 8:15AM In a recent note (by way of MacRumors), analyst Steve Milunovich with UBS said that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) tends to price its devices "quite competitively." He therefore thinks that Apple isn't likely to "stray far from the price point of Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) most expensive [smartphone] model at $840-$850," with its upcoming premium OLED iPhone 8. He further goes on to say that although the variant of the OLED iPhone with 256 GB of storage could run customers between $950 and $1,000, the entry-level version should come in at "only" between $850 and $900. Image source: Apple. Although I get the point that Milunovich is making here, I'm not convinced that the company will price its upcoming flagship device so "cheaply." This is supposed to be the ultimate iPhone Apple has built great smartphones for years, but it has been fundamentally limited in what kinds of technologies that it can bring to market with each new device. Apple sells phones in quantities that other smartphone vendors can only dream of, and it enjoys per-device gross profit margins that dwarf those of many competitors. Those are fundamentally good things, but they're also pretty limiting -- Apple needs to be sure that it builds phones that can be manufactured in extremely high volumes while simultaneously being manufactured with low-enough cost structures that it can maintain its desired high margins at the price points that it sells its phones. Those restrictions certainly limit what Apple can afford to include in its devices. By moving the price up with the premium iPhone -- and, to be clear, a move to $1,000 for the base model would be a significant step up -- Apple gains breathing room in the bill-of-materials cost. What this means is that it can build a fundamentally more expensive phone, but the idea is that those cost adders make for a much more attractive phone and that Apple can successfully charge a nice premium for it. I think Apple wants to build what is essentially the ultimate iPhone and, in fact, the ultimate smartphone without worrying too much about potential cost constraints. Justifying $1,000-plus pricing I suspect that Apple will limit this premium iPhone to 128 GB and 256 GB storage configurations -- just as it did with the jet black iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. I also think that $1,000 for the 128 GB model and $1,150 for the 256 GB model could be reasonable price points given the potential level of innovation that this product may deliver. Indeed, if Apple keeps the pricing of its standard iPhone models the same as they are currently, then $1,000 for a hypothetical 128 GB premium iPhone would represent just a $131 premium over the hypothetical 128 GB iPhone 7s Plus. That $131 would, if the rumors are to be believed, buy the user quite a lot. The OLED display would improve the viewing experience on the device, the form factor is likely to be much more convenient, the device sleeker looking, and the addition of 3D sensing capabilities could enable interesting new usage models, too. I think $1,000-plus pricing for the premium OLED iPhone 8, assuming that the device turns out to be fully loaded with intriguing new features and a phenomenal aesthetic, would be more than fair. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 8:15AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.66 down $0.36 (-0.25%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,500.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Apple Is Letting Oppo and Vivo Win in China Apple, Inc. Reportedly Preparing to Begin Manufacturing iPhones in India Why Apple Inc. Wants to Build Its Own Graphics Processors The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers 3 Reasons Apple Is a Better Dividend Stock Than Qualcomm Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Can Apple Inc. Charge Over $1,000 for Its OLED iPhone 8? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $SSNLF
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Technology » News » Others India among top five markets for Twitter Honda gears up to launch 2 new products in FY18, strengthen rural network Business Standard Google takes on Apple in India with music streaming service at Rs 89/month The Silicon Valley giant's move is a third lower than Apple's subscription fee of Rs 120 Raghu Krishnan  |  Bengaluru  April 7, 2017 Last Updated at 00:04 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUsbx4 Google’s push with its music service in India comes in view of Apple’s plan to use services as a bait to lure local users ahead of its big expansion in the country ALSO READ Apple taps students with music service as it looks to grow India market Apple rides on Ola to stream music to Indian customers Google Pixel XL: The ultimate android beast The two faces of Apple in India Following in the footsteps of US-based iPhone maker Apple,  technology giant Google has launched its subscription-based music streaming service in India — a move that aims to build loyalty among the subscribers to remain in its ecosystem, and take on local rivals like Gaana and Saavn. The multinational company’s move to charge a monthly subscription for Google Play Music also underscores a shift, that Indian customers are likely to pay for a service than consume it with advertisements.  Google Play Music, launched on Wednesday, is priced at Rs 89 a month, compared to Rs 120 for Apple Music. Apple, however, has a student plan at Rs 60 a month, which looks to engage the first-time users.  “With Google Play Music subscription, Indian subscribers can listen to their favourite music across a variety of languages, including Hindi, English, Tamil and more. This music can be accessed from any device with your Google Account,” said Elias Roman, lead product manager, Google Play Music, in a statement.  “To make the experience deeply personalised, we’ve plugged into Google’s understanding of context and machine learning to recommend the right music at the right moment based on each listener’s preference, place and activity,” said Roman. Google — which dominates India’s internet market as most users come online on smartphones that run on its Android platform — is keen to protect its turf. Its music service is also available on Apple’s iOS platform and on desktop computers, suggesting an ongoing battle between the two technology giants for dominance in the Indian market. Indian music streaming services Gaana and Saavn have a paid subscription model but they also earn revenue by offering free streaming of music supported with advertisements. Both firms have huge libraries of local music. Apple and Google are dipping into their collection of international music to tap users. Google’s push with its music service in India comes in view of Apple’s plan to use services as a bait to lure local users ahead of its big expansion in the country. Apple is offering its music services on Android devices, giving it a taste of its ecosystem. It is locally assembling its affordable iPhone SE in the country, which it wants to position as an aspirational smartphone for young Indian users.  Apple has also begun streaming its music on the entertainment platform of cab aggregator Ola and reach out to its over 25 million customers.  War of the giants * Google Play Music, launched on Wednesday, is priced at Rs 89 a month compared to Rs 120 for Apple Music * Apple, however, has a student plan at Rs 60 a month, which looks to engage the first-time users * Google's music service is also available on Apple's iOS platform and on desktop computers * Indian music streaming services Gaana and Saavn have a paid subscription model but they also earn revenue by offering free streaming of music supported with advertisements * Apple is offering its music services on Android devices, giving it a taste of its ecosystem Read More On Google | Google Play Music | Apple Music | Saavn | Gaana | Apple | Music | Iphone | Android | Ola | Technology | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Google takes on Apple in India with music streaming service at Rs 89/month The Silicon Valley giant's move is a third lower than Apple's subscription fee of Rs 120 Google has followed Apple to launch its music streaming service in India as it looks to build loyalty among users to remain in its ecosystem and take on local rivals such as Gaana and Saavn.The Silicon Valley giant's move to charge monthly subscription for its service also underscores the shift Indian consumers to pay than consume a service with advertisements. The service is priced at an inaugural offer Rs 89 per month, a third lower than Apple's subscription fee of Rs 120. Apple Music has a student plan that it offers at Rs 60 a month as it looks to engage first time users and convert them to its ecosystem as it becomes aggressive in India. Google, which dominates India's internet market as most users come online on smartphones that run on the Android platform, is keen to protect its turf. Its service is also available on rival Apple's iOS platform and on desktop as both technology giants battle it in India, the last large open market in the world.Indian music streaming services ... Following in the footsteps of US-based iPhone maker Apple,  technology giant Google has launched its subscription-based music streaming service in India — a move that aims to build loyalty among the subscribers to remain in its ecosystem, and take on local rivals like Gaana and Saavn. The multinational company’s move to charge a monthly subscription for Google Play Music also underscores a shift, that Indian customers are likely to pay for a service than consume it with advertisements.  Google Play Music, launched on Wednesday, is priced at Rs 89 a month, compared to Rs 120 for Apple Music. Apple, however, has a student plan at Rs 60 a month, which looks to engage the first-time users.  “With Google Play Music subscription, Indian subscribers can listen to their favourite music across a variety of languages, including Hindi, English, Tamil and more. This music can be accessed from any device with your Google Account,” said Elias Roman, lead product manager, Google Play Music, in a statement.  “To make the experience deeply personalised, we’ve plugged into Google’s understanding of context and machine learning to recommend the right music at the right moment based on each listener’s preference, place and activity,” said Roman. Google — which dominates India’s internet market as most users come online on smartphones that run on its Android platform — is keen to protect its turf. Its music service is also available on Apple’s iOS platform and on desktop computers, suggesting an ongoing battle between the two technology giants for dominance in the Indian market. Indian music streaming services Gaana and Saavn have a paid subscription model but they also earn revenue by offering free streaming of music supported with advertisements. Both firms have huge libraries of local music. Apple and Google are dipping into their collection of international music to tap users. Google’s push with its music service in India comes in view of Apple’s plan to use services as a bait to lure local users ahead of its big expansion in the country. Apple is offering its music services on Android devices, giving it a taste of its ecosystem. It is locally assembling its affordable iPhone SE in the country, which it wants to position as an aspirational smartphone for young Indian users.  Apple has also begun streaming its music on the entertainment platform of cab aggregator Ola and reach out to its over 25 million customers.  War of the giants * Google Play Music, launched on Wednesday, is priced at Rs 89 a month compared to Rs 120 for Apple Music * Apple, however, has a student plan at Rs 60 a month, which looks to engage the first-time users * Google's music service is also available on Apple's iOS platform and on desktop computers * Indian music streaming services Gaana and Saavn have a paid subscription model but they also earn revenue by offering free streaming of music supported with advertisements * Apple is offering its music services on Android devices, giving it a taste of its ecosystem Raghu Krishnan Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google takes on Apple in India with music streaming service at Rs 89/month The Silicon Valley giant's move is a third lower than Apple's subscription fee of Rs 120 Following in the footsteps of US-based iPhone maker Apple,  technology giant Google has launched its subscription-based music streaming service in India — a move that aims to build loyalty among the subscribers to remain in its ecosystem, and take on local rivals like Gaana and Saavn. The multinational company’s move to charge a monthly subscription for Google Play Music also underscores a shift, that Indian customers are likely to pay for a service than consume it with advertisements.  Google Play Music, launched on Wednesday, is priced at Rs 89 a month, compared to Rs 120 for Apple Music. Apple, however, has a student plan at Rs 60 a month, which looks to engage the first-time users.  “With Google Play Music subscription, Indian subscribers can listen to their favourite music across a variety of languages, including Hindi, English, Tamil and more. This music can be accessed from any device with your Google Account,” said Elias Roman, lead product manager, Google Play Music, in a statement.  “To make the experience deeply personalised, we’ve plugged into Google’s understanding of context and machine learning to recommend the right music at the right moment based on each listener’s preference, place and activity,” said Roman. Google — which dominates India’s internet market as most users come online on smartphones that run on its Android platform — is keen to protect its turf. Its music service is also available on Apple’s iOS platform and on desktop computers, suggesting an ongoing battle between the two technology giants for dominance in the Indian market. Indian music streaming services Gaana and Saavn have a paid subscription model but they also earn revenue by offering free streaming of music supported with advertisements. Both firms have huge libraries of local music. Apple and Google are dipping into their collection of international music to tap users. Google’s push with its music service in India comes in view of Apple’s plan to use services as a bait to lure local users ahead of its big expansion in the country. Apple is offering its music services on Android devices, giving it a taste of its ecosystem. It is locally assembling its affordable iPhone SE in the country, which it wants to position as an aspirational smartphone for young Indian users.  Apple has also begun streaming its music on the entertainment platform of cab aggregator Ola and reach out to its over 25 million customers.  War of the giants * Google Play Music, launched on Wednesday, is priced at Rs 89 a month compared to Rs 120 for Apple Music * Apple, however, has a student plan at Rs 60 a month, which looks to engage the first-time users * Google's music service is also available on Apple's iOS platform and on desktop computers * Indian music streaming services Gaana and Saavn have a paid subscription model but they also earn revenue by offering free streaming of music supported with advertisements * Apple is offering its music services on Android devices, giving it a taste of its ecosystem Raghu Krishnan Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple's desperate Mac damage control message hints at a divided company Opinion: Apple's attempts at reassuring customers that it hasn't forgotten about desktop Macs hint at divisions within the company as to what direction the company should be going in. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | April 6, 2017 -- 12:25 GMT (05:25 PDT) | Topic: Innovation What next for Apple's high-end Mac? Earlier this week Apple held what can only be described as an emergency damage control press conference meant to reassure customers that the company hasn't forgotten about the desktop Mac. But instead of feeling reassured, I feel the meeting highlighted divisions within Apple. Must read: How to put an end to Wi-Fi frustrations what's hot on zdnet DevOps: What is it, and how can it help your business? For internet privacy, a VPN won't save you Apple's desperate Mac damage control message hints at a divided company The 10 best smartphones of 2017 so far For some background, you can find details about the upshot of the meeting here, and my ZDNet colleague David Gewirtz has spun out some thoughts about what it means for high-end Mac users here. What I want to do now is some reading between the lines. I wasn't at the meeting but have read everything that the five journalists who were invited to the meeting -- Ina Fried, John Gruber, John Paczkowski, Matthew Panzarino, and Lance Ulanoff -- wrote about it. The first thing that struck me was the Apple executives who were and weren't present at the meeting. Present were Phil Schiller (SVP worldwide marketing), Craig Federighi (SVP software engineering), John Ternus (VP hardware engineering), and Bill Evans (Sr. Director Corporate Communications). Not present were CEO Tim Cook and Chief Design Officer Jony Ive. Ive's absence is interesting given Federighi's claim that Apple "designed ourselves into a bit of a corner" with the Mac Pro, and suggests that Ive had nothing to do with the Mac Pro and didn't want to be caught up in any toxic fallout from that blunder. It also raises an eyebrow when the CEO decides to avoid a press conference of this magnitude. Again, it suggests that he wants to distance himself from the debacle. Another thing that struck me was how unusual it was for Apple to hold a press conference where executives fell on their sword over past mistakes, promised to do better, and made assurances that new, better stuff is coming at some point in the future. The apology is a new direction for Apple (remember how, back in July 2010, then CEO Steve Jobs dealt with the "Antennagate" crisis by claiming it wasn't a problem?) and the promises that new stuff is coming in the future sound lame. I mean, this is what Apple does, so it's really weird that the company feels the need to hold a press conference to tell people that it's going to be making more new stuff in the future. There was also something else that you don't normally see from Apple -- desperation. It was so palpable that Mashable's Ulanoff even commented on it: "Part of the reason Schiller and company are talking to us in between product cycles is an almost desperate need to communicate to Mac Pro users Apple's continuing commitment to the market." Best Raspberry Pi alternatives SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 16 NEXT PREV But the oddities don't end there. If Apple now realizes that it made a mistake with the Mac Pro, and is also now recommitted with professional Macs, this suggests that the company took its eye off the ball for a few years and only just realized that things had gone bad. That, or that Apple had secretly decided that it was getting out of the high-end Mac business during 2015/16 but decided to backtrack on that decision as a result of the backlash following last year's MacBook Pro keynote where professionals despaired about the lack of a 32-gigabyte RAM option. It's also worth noting that last year Apple discontinued its Thunderbolt display, instead pointing users to a buggy LG 5K display, but is now once again talking about a new display. Sure looks like Apple changed its mind about a lot of things. It was also very odd to hear Apple executives talking about things that are going to happen at some point in the future. A new iMac is coming sometime this year. A new Mac Pro sometime next year. Jam tomorrow. Despite this emergency damage control press conference, I still think that pro-grade Macs are on the way out. Apple didn't just forget that it had an old Mac Pro festering in its lineup, and Apple didn't just forget to offer a MacBook Pro with 32-gigabytes of RAM. The truth is that high-end stuff just isn't bringing in the dollars. And with iPad sales nose-diving and iPhone sales showing signs of going soggy, I'm guessing that at some point in 2015/16 Apple decided to focus on the stuff bringing in the bulk of the revenue (iPhones, mainstream Macs, cheap iPads), and deprioritize the high-end Macs. While the backlash from the pros (not to mention the Surface Studio from Microsoft, which was clearly aimed at high-end designers and such) may have prompted Apple to hold a rushed conferences and promise to do better in the future, it doesn't change the realities of the situation -- Apple is a mainstream tech company, and high-end niche stuff just isn't a priority compared to the iPhone and cheap Macs. I'd also wager that there's a split at Apple as to its future, with Cook and Ive, along with Eddy Cue (SVP internet software and services) and Jeff Williams (COO) seeing the future belonging to the iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, while Schiller, Federighi, and Ternus still seeing a future -- and profits -- in high-end Macs. Best Google Chrome extensions SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 64 NEXT PREV See also: Use your smartphone to fix car troubles and detect heart problems Get your iPhone or iPad ready for iOS 10.3 Amazon could hammer the final nail into the iPad's coffin Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus tech specs Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation AI training needs a new chip architecture: Intel Innovation Consumer Watchdog was right: NHSTA chief hired by self-driving car startup Innovation Forget self-driving cars: Here's how driverless trains are moving ahead Innovation Chile introduces lenient tech visa as US applies limitations on immigration × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile 5 features on the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 you won’t find on any iPhone Image Source: Zach Epstein, BGR Zach Epstein @zacharye April 6th, 2017 at 8:35 AM Share Tweet Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus quickly became the fastest-selling smartphones of all time following their launch this past September. The new Apple flagships were the company’s most powerful smartphones ever, and they included a number of firsts. Apple introduced multiple new colors to its iPhone lineup for the first time, and it doubled the available storage in each of its iPhone tiers for the first time. But there was also a first that Apple fans weren’t so happy about: the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus marked the first time Apple reused the same iPhone design for the third consecutive year. The iPhone has always felt like it was ahead of the curve, but that changed in 2017 as the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 were introduced. These sleek new smartphones feature next-generation designs that leave Apple’s iPhone design from 2014 in the dust. Of course, the differences extend beyond design, and in this post we’ll cover five features in particular from the LG G6 and Galaxy S8 that will make iPhone users jealous. Don't Miss: This iPhone 8 would be so much hotter than the Galaxy S8 Bye bye bezels Companies like Samsung completely reinvented their smartphone business by doing everything they could to copy Apple’s iPhone designs, and it worked for Samsung in particular even better than the company could have imagined. In 2017, however, the iPhone is starting to feel quite dated. The new LG G6 and Samsung’s upcoming Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ feature displays that do away with any lingering home buttons and logos. The new phones also rework internal components in order to make the bezels surrounding the screens as narrow as possible with today’s technical limitations. The result is a user experience that’s more immersive than ever before. Fat guy in a little coat Speaking of those narrow bezels, the LG G6 and Galaxy S8 also manage to stuff very large screens into remarkably compact designs. Chris Farley would’ve loved these phones. With screen-to-body ratios that exceed 80% for the LG G6 and Galaxy S8 duo alike, there have never been widely available phones that pack larger displays into phones this size. In fact, the G6 and the smaller Galaxy S8 both include displays that are bigger than the one in the iPhone 7 Plus phablet, yet the phones themselves are closer in size to the smaller iPhone 7. An assistant that really assists Siri has gotten so much better in recent years, but users still complain constantly about all of Siri’s shortcomings. Meanwhile, on smartphones running Android 7.0 Nougat and later, users absolutely adore Google Assistant for the most part. Google Assistant might be terrible on the Google Home, but on a phone like the LG G6 or Galaxy S8 it’s pretty terrific. One less wire to worry about Plugging a Lightning cable into the bottom of an iPhone isn’t exactly a taxing chore, so I’ve been surprised to see how excited iPhone users have been to see rumors that the upcoming iPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus and iPhone 7s will include wireless charging. It is a pretty handy technology, especially now that there are fast wireless charging standards. You know which three phones already include support for fast wireless charging? That’s right, the LG G6, Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. So many selfies Last but certainly not least, we have a complaint that iPhone users have had since practically the dawn of time. And the bad news that there is a 0% chance Apple will ever address it, because doing so would mean destroying Apple’s iPhone ASPs. When it comes to Apple’s latest iPhones, you can buy a 32GB model, a 128GB model or a 256GB model. Want more storage? You’ll need an external device like Lightning to microSD card adapter or a Lightning flash drive. Want more storage in your LG G6, Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+? Pop in a microSD card. Tags: Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8 Plus, iPhone 7, lg g6 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Sam’s Club has a killer Galaxy S8 deal that’s even better than Best Buy’s 2 Tech This is your last chance to get T-Mobile’s best promo for free 3 Tech The next-gen Google Home will do something Amazon’s Echo can’t 4 Deals You can buy a Nintendo Switch online right now and it’ll ship tomorrow 5 Science Astronomers just discovered something awesome about the most Earth-like planet ever found Picked For You Let’s hope the next Galaxy Note 8 looks better than this By Chris Smith April 2nd at 3:00 PM Sam’s Club has a killer Galaxy S8 deal that’s even better than Best Buy’s By Chris Smith April 6th at 7:45 AM Nokia’s flagship Android phone could make the Galaxy S8 look lame By Chris Smith April 3rd at 2:02 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Australasia Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Australia takes Apple to court over claims it ‘refused’ to look at or repair devices previously serviced by a third-party  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›Asia›Australasia APPLE Australia takes Apple to court over claims it ‘refused’ to look at or repair devices previously serviced by a third-party The case followed an investigation into reports users who had an ‘Error 53’ that disabled their iPads or iPhones after updating their operating systems were ‘routinely refused’ by Apple to have their devices looked at or serviced PUBLISHED : Thursday, 06 April, 2017, 8:37pm UPDATED : Thursday, 06 April, 2017, 10:27pm Comments:   Agence France-Presse Share PrintEmail Apple was taken to court by Australia’s consumer watchdog for violating laws by allegedly refusing to look at or repair some iPads and iPhones previously serviced by a third party. The tech giant “made false, misleading, or deceptive representations about consumers’ rights under the Australian Consumer Law”, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) charged. The proceedings, against Apple Pty Limited and its US-based parent Apple Inc, were brought on behalf of 275 consumers. Under Australian law, each breach can attract a fine of up to A$1.1 million (US$830 million), although it is up to the court to determine the size of the penalty. Apple sued for ‘deceiving consumers’ on storage capacities of iPhones, iPads The case followed an ACCC investigation into reports users who had an “Error 53” that disabled their iPads or iPhones after updating their operating systems were “routinely refused” by Apple to have their devices looked at or serviced. These customers previously had their devices serviced by a third-party, “even where that repair was unrelated to the fault”, the government body said. “Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party,” ACCC chairman Rod Sims said in a statement. He said to deny those rights had an impact beyond the affected consumers. “[It] can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at lower cost than the manufacturer.” Apple in Australia had no immediate response. The legal action is likely to be closely watched globally, amid concerns raised by consumer advocates about Error 53, which they claim makes devices unworkable if they were repaired by a third-party. Apple describes the error as appearing “when a device fails a security test”, and released an operating system update to fix the issue. Family sues Apple over FaceTime’s role in fatal car crash “This test was designed to check whether Touch ID [fingerprint-recognition feature] works properly before the device leaves the factory, and wasn’t intended to affect customers,” the company said on its website. Sims said companies must remember that consumer rights extended to software or software updates on goods they sell. “Faults with software or software updates may entitle consumers to a free remedy under the Australian Consumer Law,” he said, adding that the ACCC was seeking remedies including financial penalties. It is not the first time Apple has fallen foul of the ACCC. In 2013, it worked with the watchdog over a court-enforceable undertaking after alleged “misleading representations” to customers that it did not need to refund, replace or repair some products even though required to under Australian law. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Apple in Australian court over warranty disputes, claims of ‘refusing service’   Most Popular Viewed 1 14 injured as Hong Kong tram topples over in Central 2 Driver, 23, arrested after Hong Kong tram topples over, injuring 14 3 Why the Xi-Trump summit is a high-stakes gamble 4 Ride-sharing giant Didi eyes premium taxi service in Hong Kong 5 Why Asia is so nervous over the Xi-Trump summit Shared 1 14 injured as Hong Kong tram topples over in Central 2 Driver, 23, arrested after Hong Kong tram topples over, injuring 14 3 ‘Hold on to me!’ Maid begs for help as boss films her dangling from window 4 China’s ‘House of Cards’ an instant hit with viewers and critics 5 HKUST and CityU among top 10 in world young university rankings Commented 1 Yeah, right, ask Trump for help with Hong Kong’s human rights 2 Why the Xi-Trump summit is a high-stakes gamble 3 Ride-sharing giant Didi eyes premium taxi service in Hong Kong 4 Government under pressure to close property tax loophole 5 14 injured as Hong Kong tram topples over in Central Promotions SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like China Chinese backwater becomes centre of Xi’s futuristic dream city 5 Apr 2017 - 2:31pm 5 Gaming experience poised to get even better In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China Can Xi make infrastructure a new cornerstone of Sino-US ties? 5 Apr 2017 - 3:07pm 9 Kumon Method of Learning gives students a head start: Promote self-discipline in children by instilling the correct learning attitude Sponsored by: Kumon China Is Trump at risk of alienating Chinese-Americans? 4 Apr 2017 - 11:29pm 24 Culture Remembering 11 Chinese stars who were taken from us too young 4 Apr 2017 - 3:37pm 10 Global Economy Here’s where we can find the land to solve the housing crisis 5 Apr 2017 - 9:05am 13 Hong Kong City lured to global video game market – with billions up for grabs 5 Apr 2017 - 4:08pm 3 China ‘Anti-terror cameras’ a new cross to bear in ‘China’s Jerusalem’ 5 Apr 2017 - 3:05pm 21 China China’s ‘toilet revolution’ almost complete, but still behind global standards 3 Apr 2017 - 11:04pm 8 China China’s bid to sell high-speed rail tech loses steam 2 Apr 2017 - 11:29pm 22 China Tillerson, Yang Jiechi pledge to make Xi-Trump summit a success 3 Apr 2017 - 12:42pm 3 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Menu News Comment Science Features Culture Film & TV Music Fashion Theatre Sport Violet Write for us Friday 7th April 2017 | Cambridge, UK Menu News Comment Science Features Culture Film & TV Music Fashion Theatre Sport Violet Write for us Don’t be distracted by Drake: corporations still control the music industry More Life may spotlight deserving smaller artists, but it wouldn’t have been possible without the big players Apple has had a hand in releases by Chance the Rapper and Frank Oceanmatcuz by Sabrina Gilby Thursday April 6 2017, 12:35pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Drake’s More Life marks another foray by an industry big-hitter into releasing new music outside the conventional album format. Artists are increasingly exploring the hazy boundaries of the album concept through their experimentation with visuals, (Frank Ocean) free mixtapes (Chance the Rapper), collaborative touring (The Internet), and now, with More Life, ‘playlists’, in an interesting challenge to record labels’ traditional grip on the industry and artists themselves. Is the album dead, or is it simply no longer the only format for musical expression? Is collaboration the future for the emergence of new artists? Do these renegade methods put control back into the artists’ hands? Well, not entirely. Or not while Apple Inc. still exists, anyway. Take a look at the artists who have generated commercial success from eschewing traditional formats. Almost all have to some degree relied on the input of Apple to get their music released and into the ears of listeners: Chance the Rapper received half a million dollars from Apple to produce his game-changing Coloring Book mixtape; his claim that this had no impact on his creative control may not have been a reality for the unsigned rapper. No doubt the exclusivity deal between Frank Ocean and Apple enabled him to take his own sweet time with his album Blonde and paid for the two-and-a-half-week live-stream of an empty workshop that preceded his visual album Endless. Even artists who already have their own major star-wattage and resources can carve out better exclusivity deals; Beyoncé could rely on Jay-Z-owned Tidal for her surprise self-titled album drop in 2014, and Apple agreed to limit streaming to paying subscribers in return for exclusivity for last year’s Lemonade and Adele’s 25. On the one hand, Apple can be applauded for its dedication to the artists’ wishes and their openness to experimental projects – Kanye West’s The Life Of Pablo is another example of how the input of Apple helped redefine an album as a dynamic, living cultural document – but where are the lesser known artists benefiting from this? And does the reliance on Apple to bring these new innovations to fruition only serve to centralise the music industry even more? Apple is fast becoming the central nervous system of the entire industry, and where established artists can use this to their advantage, younger artists and new faces are at less liberty to do so. “Apple is fast becoming the central nervous system of the entire industry” The mixtape can be a necessity to propel a new musician’s career, as Drake, whose mixtape So Far Gone got him signed by Lil’ Wayne, knows only too well. Though it’s a format which has produced projects nothing short of brilliant (Drakes If You’re Reading This It’s Too Late certainly vies for position as his best musical output to date), the release of a major mixtape is an almost luxury venture, as only a few exceptions including Chance the Rapper’s Coloring Book and Young Thug’s Jeffrey  display newer artists’ mixtapes entering the pantheon of commercially and critically successful albums. Though it’s admirable to see stars lead forays into the industry’s murky waters, younger artists who do not hold the industry fire-power to release similar projects with the same level of hype are often left out in the cold. This is where More Life appears to challenge the system. The release feels like Drake jacking the aux cable and blaring out his favourite tunes of the moment. It lives up to the name “Playlist”, and its claim to be a celebration of family and friends under the banner “The October Firm” (Drake’s OVO music family and his literal family – the cover is an image of his father), and is quite distinct from Drake’s previous mixtape history. Whereas So Far Gone was what got him signed by Lil’ Wayne, and If You’re Reading This and What A Time To Be Alive were warm-ups for his Views release, More Life is less self-centred, aside from some navel-gazing moments. In defence of Chance The main talking-point of the “Playlist”, however, is undoubtedly Drake’s infatuation with UK Grime. Skepta’s interlude steals the top spot for best rap contribution – despite its short length, it’s clean, sharp and carries a buzzing, infectious confidence. The two Giggs features also make more of an impression and interesting symbiosis of sounds than the those featuring American rap stars Quavo and Travis Scott, Kanye West or 2 Chainz and Young Thug. More Life could easily be deemed vulturing, and the distinct lack of identity from Drake himself is only addressed on a couple of more self-absorbed monologues where your attention can be left to wander. But perhaps the mistake you can make is listening to More Life as though it were an album. It’s a collection of the strands of influence, infatuations, and fleeting obsessions of an artist, rather than a fine-tuned piece of art, more of a scrapbook collection of experiments and plays at different genres. You don’t derive a cohesive impression from this playlist; it’s beguiling, sometimes a little hollow, and the repetitive cultural borrowing meshed with Drake’s sound can feel a little bit awkward or disingenuous at times. Yet there are individual stand outs that feel like they have potential for more, and most importantly, More Life is an invaluable spotlight moment for deserving smaller artists.   More Life is indeed a playlist, not the finished product. It shows us a glimpse of Drake the music-lover, in a process of creation and state of inspiration. One could even go so far to read it as a very self-aware piece which reflects the enjoyment, inspiration and celebration of music itself, and there are just enough nuggets of musical inspiration to make it a fascinating listen for any Drake fan. Will “playlists” of original content be the new stepping-stone between album releases to keep listeners on their toes? And will such projects have a significant impact on the burgeoning careers of young artists? Perhaps. But for now, though, it’s admirable to see stars like Drake experiment and boost the profiles of younger artists. But the real changes in the industry are still in the hands of the big players Most read Latest stories Violet / Most Cambridge protester ever sprays Latin messages across luxury properties 4 April 2017 Editor's pickNews / Exclusive: University-owned Benin collections may be loaned to Nigeria under new agreement 4 April 2017 Film & TV / Polem-Flick: Amélie’s unseen issues 5 April 2017 Sport / Cambridge secure unexpected snooker triumph 5 April 2017 Editor's pickMusic / Humble? Don’t count on it: previewing Kendrick’s new album 4 April 2017 Editor's pickMusic / Don’t be distracted by Drake: corporations still control the music industry 6 April 2017 Features / Hitting the revision blues 6 April 2017 News / Cambridge MP speaks out against Hungary education bill 5 April 2017 Sport / Cambridge secure unexpected snooker triumph 5 April 2017 Editor's pickViolet / There is no moratorium on grief 5 April 2017 Sponsored links Limo hire Microsoft Research Back to top First published in 1947, Varsity is the independent student newspaper for the University of Cambridge. All content © 1996-2017 Varsity Publications Ltd. Paper Edition Editorial Complaints About Varsity Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use RSS Get Involved Trust
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Australian regulator sues Apple over iPhone, iPad repairs Australian regulator sues Apple over iPhone, iPad repairs by Joe Roberts 18 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Apple is being sued by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) over an alleged breach of the country's rules on consumer rights. The Australian regulator claims Apple made "false, misleading, or deceptive representations about consumers’ rights" in relation to iPhones and iPads that would stop working if fixed by an unauthorised third-party repair shop. Apple has faced criticism before, after last year it emerged that devices fitted with unauthorised Touch ID modules, or screen, flex cable, or water-damaged components, would lock themselves, rendering the phone or tablet useless. Related: iPhone 8 Now, the ACCC has filed suit against the firm in Australia's Federal Court, following an investigation into the 'error 53' message that would appear on the devices after an unauthorised fix was carried out. When the issue became public last year, Apple responded with a statement claiming devices fixed by unauthorised repairers would be locked as a security measure and that it would unlock any devices customers brough directly to the company. As statement to The Guardian at the time read: "We protect fingerprint data using a Secure Enclave, which is uniquely paired to the Touch ID sensor. "When [an] iPhone is serviced by an authorised Apple service provider or Apple retail store for changes that affect the Touch ID sensor, the pairing is re-validated." iPads were also affected by the 'error 53' problem Australia's regulator is seemingly unconvinced, however, and has released a statement detailing its concerns about how Apple allegedly breached the country's consumer law regarding warranties by allegedly refusing to fix customer's devices after a third-party fix had already taken place. As it claims in the statement: "The ACCC investigation revealed that Apple appears to have routinely refused to look at or service consumers’ defective devices if a consumer had previously had the device repaired by a third party repairer, even where that repair was unrelated to the fault. "...The ACCC alleges Apple represented to consumers with faulty products that they were not entitled to a free remedy if their Apple device had previously been repaired by third party, “unauthorised repairers”. "However, having a component of the Apple device serviced, repaired, or replaced by someone other than Apple cannot, by itself, extinguish the consumer’s right to a remedy for non-compliance with the consumer guarantees." ACCC Chairman Rod Sims added: "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party.“ Last year, after the 'error 53' debacle began, Apple told owners to contact the company directly, but a class action suit was filed in the US by some disgruntled customers. Though the suit was eventually thrown out of court, Apple did release a patch that meant locked iPhone and iPad models could update to iOS 9.2.1, unlocking them and fixing the 'error 53' problem. In the new lawsuit, the ACCC is seeking penalties, injunctions, declarations, compliance program orders, corrective notices and costs. TrustedReviews has contacted Apple for a statement. Let us know what you think of the whole thing in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 07, 2:53 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology How To Use 'Find My iPhone' App To Locate Your Lost Device By Rishabh Jain On 04/06/17 AT 8:24 AM Close The iPhone, despite its popularity is an expensive investment. Once you start using the device, you tend to store important data on it such as private photos and important contact information and even financial details. So, losing one could be quite a loss, not only in terms of data, but also in term of money. But rather than stressing the device once it is lost, it is better to take prior precautions and in case you lose, use the proprietary Apple app called Find My iPhone. Read: Apple Ditches Google Maps For Find My iPhone Find My iPhone is Apple’s anti-theft software, which is pre-installed on all iPhones. It works for all Apple devices including iPad, iPod and Mac. It allows users to track a lost or stolen device by showing its location and even lets them lock and wipe a device remotely. In addition to this, the app requires the iPhone owner’s registered Apple ID and password before it can be disabled. Therefore, it is important to enable the app on your iPhone. In case your iPhone is lost or stolen, here’s what you need to do: Log into iCloud from a computer (It doesn’t matter whether it is a Mac or a Windows PC). Just go to www.icloud.com and punch in your Apple ID and password, which would be the same one you used to log in to the app on your device. Once you have logged in, click on the Find My iPhone button Now, click on “All Devices” Select your stolen iPhone in the drop down menu An ‘iPhone Info’ Window will pop up and show you exactly when your iPhone was last checked in. It will have three buttons: ‘Play Sound,’ ‘Lost Mode,’ and ‘Erase iPhone’. The ‘Play Sound’ option will make the iPhone play a sound and could be useful in case your iPhone is nearby. In case, you think that your iPhone is at a location where you can go and fetch it, then you can simply lock the phone remotely using the ‘Lost Mode’ option. If you think that your iPhone is stolen and you wouldn’t like the data on it ending up in the hands of a stranger, you can click on the ‘Erase iPhone’ option to wipe out all the data on the device. Read: Apple Might Start Using Self-Healing Displays on iPhones Soon You can also track your iPhone in the map, which would be there in the background of the Find My iPhone web app on iCloud.com and show the last location of your iPhone. Related Stories Apple Ditches Google Maps In Latest iCloud Update Apple Customizing ‘Hey Siri’ Command Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business French Montana Pulls A Don Imus The rapper had some choice words for a Twitter user that has sparked a social media uproar over race. Technology Microsoft Surface Gets Higher Customer Satisfaction Rating Than iPad The report noted that with an overall satisfaction score of 855 on a 1,000-point scale, Microsoft topped the list mostly for its design, styling and features. World Modeling Error Could Be Causing The Antineutrino Anomaly One of the leading theories behind the production of a smaller than expected number of antineutrinos during nuclear fission, is the creation of sterile neutrinos. National Scarlett Johansson Disappointed By Ivanka Trump's Actions Scarlett Johansson condemned Ivanka Trump for statements made during her CBS News interview with Gayle King earlier this week. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $1,550 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, $150 UE Boom 2... What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more... Don’t want internet providers to sell your browsing data? Use a VPN Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak?   skip to main content skip to main menu     How to have the Music app only show songs stored on your device By Steffen Reich, Apr 6, 2017 Tweet 2 Comments Thanks to the introduction of goodies like the iCloud Music Library and more recently Apple Music, your Music app on iPhone and iPad has not only turned from a luscious red color into a plain icon, but has also become decidedly more convoluted. The main change since the coming of the cloud-based additions to the Music app? Songs no longer have to be stored locally on your device in order to be visible and playable. In case you haven’t yet found the trick hiding in plain sight to only play the songs downloaded to your device (and prevent exorbitant data charges), let’s fill you in now! Without filtering, the iOS Music app poses one large repository for all songs procured by means of either iTunes purchase or Apple Music. Essentially, it chucks everything in the mix that’s attributable to your Apple ID, irrespective of whether or not it’s in actuality stored on your device at that point. This is super convenient and means heaps of songs if you just want to hit the shuffle button on the go, but at the same time it spells trouble for the data plan you’re on, because not all songs on your playlist will be stored on your iPhone. How to only show music that’s on your device in the Music app To forestall that issue, Apple has graced us with a tab for playing it safe in all situations and only deploying the music available to you offline. Here is how to access it. 1) Open Music on your iPhone or iPad. 2) Make sure to have the Library card selected. 3) Skim through the tab list at the top of your screen and find Downloaded Music. That’s all it took! In here, everything you see is guaranteed to be stored locally on your iPhone or iPad, which means the songs are readily available for playback on airplane mode, no internet required. As easy as pie right? For those interested, here is another handy tip on how to manage and optimize downloaded music storage on your iPhone or iPad. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend How to automatically create an Apple Music playlist with songs you identified with Shazam How and where to share faster with AirDrop How to turn off notifications for specific podcasts How to recover deleted photos on iPhone and iPad Related Topics Apple, Apple ID, Apple Music, Apple Music Connect, Help, How to, iOS, iOS 10, iPad, iPad Mini, iPhone, iPhone 7, Tutorial Siri Tim Cook Holness Ew iPhone SE ew earpods ew trash music Wilfredo Nanita Yes, but if you tap on Playlists, it will show all playlists, not only the ones with downloaded music, so, there’s still some work to do there.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Will the next Mac Pro ship in 2018 or 2019? Apple’s Clips app does not work on 32-bit devices The next Mac mini won’t be so mini anymore Hands on with Clips, Apple’s new social video editing app Apple’s free app of the week: Toca Life: School   The latest jailbreak news NoLockScreenCam disables camera access on the Lock screen How to save .shsh2 blobs for the Apple TV Customize the look of your Messages app with BetterMessages This tweak helps you differentiate comments in the official Reddit app Let’s Talk Jailbreak 160: On the gravy train for life iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Yesterday AAPL: 143.66 -0.36 Google Play Music undercuts Apple Music in India as both companies play the long game Ben Lovejoy - Apr. 6th 2017 4:54 am PT @benlovejoy Apple Music India Google Play Music View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google Play Music’s streaming music service has launched in India, undercutting Apple Music’s dramatically discounted subscription in the country, as both companies play the long game. NordVPN India’s Economic Times reports that the service will cost Rs89/month ($1.38) for those signing up in the next 45 days, and Rs99/month ($1.53) afterwards. This compares with the Rs120/month ($1.86) cost for Apple Music. Google also seems to be working hard to include music from the region. At the time of writing this article, we noticed the service offers music across various languages like Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, Western, Bengali, Bhojpuri, Gujarati, Malayalam, Marathi, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu and World. While neither company can be making any significant income from such heavily-discounted rates, both will be taking a long-term view, hoping that if you bring people into the ecosystem now their lifetime value to the company will be significant. As I recently outlined, India is currently a tiny market for Apple, but a huge population and growing middle-class makes it one of the world’s fastest-growing economies. Smartphone shipments in India, for example, grew by 18% against a worldwide average of just 3%. It’s for this reason that Apple is working so hard to establish a greater foothold in the country through initiatives like local manufacturing, retail stores and support for app developers. Google will be doing all it can to promote its own ecosystem for the same reasons. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Apple Music Apple's streaming music service View THe Guide India View THe Guide Google Play Music View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Mobile Smartphones News Apple taken to court over ‘Error 53’ Apple taken to court over ‘Error 53’ Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Kylie Marshall News 6 Apr, 2017 The glitch previously bricked iPhones repaired by third-party technicians The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) is taking Apple to court over accusations the technology giant falsely told customers it wasn’t required to fix devices that had fallen victim to “error 53”. “Error 53” had been disabling iPads and iPhones belonging to consumers who downloaded an iOS update, according to the ACCC. Many people who experienced the error previously had their home button repaired somewhere other than an Apple store. A third-party repair often caused the devices to fail a TouchID security test, prompting the error. Once it occurred, the devices were essentially bricked, meaning the device wasn’t capable of turning on and nothing could have been done to fix it. Apple apologised for the glitch back in 2016 and issued an iOS update to correct the issue. The ACCC alleges, however, that Apple refused to examine or remedy affected devices that had been repaired by non-Apple technicians, even if the repair was not related to “error 53”. This action violates the Australian Consumer Law, which provides consumers with a number of guarantees after buying a product. “Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exists independently of any manufacturer’s warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party,” said ACCC chairman, Rod Sims. “Denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third-party repairer not only impacts those consumers but can dissuade other customers from making informed decisions about their repair options,” he continued. The ACCC has instituted proceedings in the Federal Court. It is seeking pecuniary penalties, injunctions, declarations, compliance program orders, corrective notices, and costs. Australia’s current court battle against Apple could leave the tech company vulnerable to similar lawsuits around the world. Main image credit: Bigstock See related  iOS 10 release date, features and rumours: iOS 10.3 is available to download now iPhone 8 specs, news and release date: iPhone 8 flexible OLED panels on order Read more about Smartphones Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Smartphones Samsung Galaxy S8 price, specs, release date & features: Samsung lets you unlock S8 with your face - but there's a problem News Facebook messenger not working? Your phone might be too old News Samsung Galaxy A5 review Reviews 4 The Samsung Galaxy S8 can replace your desktop News iOS 10 release date, features and rumours: iOS 10.3 is available to download now News Popular Raspberry Pi 4: Raspberry Pi 4 stymied by technical limitations Desktop Hardware Which is the best browser?: Chrome vs Firefox vs Internet Explorer Web Browsers How to move Windows 10 from your old hard drive to SSD Operating Systems How to speed up Windows 10 Operating Systems Microsoft reveals what data Windows 10 is collecting Desktop Software Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Friday, April 7, 2017 15:10 (GMT+8) Taipei 29°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: display research extras Digitimes Research Display panel Display components Display system Article Comments (0) Related content Print Email Apple signs 2-year OLED panel supply contract with Samsung Display, say reports Yiling Lin, Taipei; Steve Shen, DIGITIMES [Thursday 6 April 2017] Apple reportedly has signed a two-year contract with Samsung Display for the supply of KRW10 trillion (US$9 billion) worth of small-size curved OLED panels, according to Korea-based ET News, Chosun Biz and other media. Based on the contract, Samsung Display will ship 70-92 million small-size OLED panels to Apple in 2017, said the reports. This means that about 30% of iPhone devices shipped in 2017 will come with curved OLED panels, given that Apple currently ships about 200 million iPhone devices a year. Japan-based Nikkei also reported that Apple has ordered 70 million OLED panels from Samsung Display. But to meet increasing demand from Apple, Samsung Display has been exerting efforts to ramp up its capacity to 95 million units. Meanwhile, Taiwan-based Yuanta Securities Investment Consulting has estimated that shipments of new iPhone devices are likely to reach 100 million units in 2017, of which at least 55 million will feature OLED panels. Samsung Display reportedly is converting an LCD factory in Asa into an OLED panel plant, and its total investments for OLED production lines could reach KRW10 trillion in 2017, said the reports. Tweet Categories: Display panel Displays Tags: AMOLED Apple display OLED panel Samsung Samsung Display Related stories Apple may delay new iPhone launch to October-November, says paper (Apr 5) GIS, TPK preparing to make 3D touch panels for new iPhone (Mar 8) New iPhone shipments to reach 100 million in 2017, says TrendForce (Feb 22) More new Android phones to come in 2Q17 prior to arrival of new iPhone (Feb 15) New iPhone to enter production early, say sources (Feb 10) Wistron reportedly to be main OEM for new iPhone in India (Jan 23) Apple new iPhone to use forging process for stainless steel frame; adding Jabil as supplier (Jan 10) Samsung Display to supply AMOLED panels for new iPhone in 2017, say Taiwan makers (Dec 29) Chip orders for new iPhone to fall in 1Q17, sources say (Sep 23) Realtime news China software revenues top CNY692 billion in January-February, says MIIT IT + CE | 33min ago Getac Technology to expand capacities in China, Vietnam IT + CE | 47min ago Intel collaborating with Preferred Networks in Japan on deep learning IT + CE | 51min ago Worldwide cloud IT infrastructure spending grows 9.2% to US$32.6 billion in 2016, says IDC IT + CE | 53min ago AUO reports 24.5% on-year rise in 1Q17 revenues Displays | 1h ago Pause  |  View more Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Microsoft to iPhone users: Free iMessage app 'Who's in' will help you plan events If most of your friends own an iPhone, Microsoft's new event-planning app should make it easier to settle on a time and place to meet. By Liam Tung | April 6, 2017 -- 10:56 GMT (03:56 PDT) | Topic: Mobility The Who's In app comes with with common social events but there's also a custom 'create your own' option. Image: Microsoft Microsoft is expanding its support of Apple's iOS beyond Office with a new free social-planning app called Who's In, designed just for Apple's iMessage. Who's In aims to make life easier for iPhone users who regularly plan their events over iMessage with their iPhone-owning friends. Microsoft: Conflicting data laws could cost tech companies billions Microsoft: Conflicting data laws could cost tech companies billions Microsoft simultaneously releases new Windows 10 'Redstone' PC and phone test builds Windows 10 telemetry secrets: Where, when, and why Microsoft collects your data The app is preloaded with common social events like heading to the movies, dining out, and visiting an attraction. For people hosting their own event, there's a custom 'create your own' option, which allows you to set a time and place, and then invite guests via iMessage. At the heart of the Who's In app is Microsoft's Bing search engine. After picking an activity with the app, it uses Bing for searching restaurants, movie times, and attractions. Restaurants can be searched by food type, location, or price. The movie option offers reviews and ratings, and uses cards to display and link to timetables. For now, the Who's In app is only available if you've got a US iTunes account. As TechCrunch notes, each event gets its own card that's designed for sharing on iMessage. It displays an image, along with the date, time, and place of the event. Recipients then vote on the question 'Who's In?'. A thumbs-up indicates they're in and a thumbs-down says they're not. The voting feature is enhanced by allowing the event organizer to set multiple dates and times to gauge preferences among the group. This facility should help cut the number of messages required to reach consensus. While the app could be helpful for people with busy social lives, there is a chance it will simply get lost in the iMessage app store. The app arrives as developer interest in the iMessage App Store appears to be waning and follows complaints over the store's design. A report out earlier this month from app analytics firm Sensor Tower counted a total of nearly 5,000 iMessage apps since its launch last September. However, growth in new apps has been steadily falling and reached a low of nine percent in the January-to-February period. The most common iMessage apps were games, followed by entertainment, utilities, social networking, and photo and video. Read more on iMessage iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Google's RCS could finally solve Android's iMessage envy (CNET) Evernote for iMessage brings productivity enhancements to Apple's messaging platform Forget single platform iMessage: Google releases Allo smart messaging app for Android and iOS Apple iCloud ransom demands: The facts you need to know Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility NBN fixed-line speeds to be monitored Mobility Qantas kicks off commercial in-flight Wi-Fi with speeds of around 7Mbps Mobility ​Samsung expects second-highest profits for first quarter Mobility PAX: Android patent protection consortium formed × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Google Play Music vs Apple Music: Which is best? Google Play Music vs Apple Music: Which is best? Google Play Music vs Apple Music - which one is better? Let's take a look. Written by Anuj Bhatia | New Delhi | Updated: April 6, 2017 10:15 pm Google Play Music vs Apple Music: which is better? While streaming music over the internet is still a niche in India, it has become a popular way to consume music among the next-gen. With Google Play Music subscription service finally made its way to India, we’ve decided to compare it with Apple Music. Read on for all of the details… Google Play Music vs Apple Music: Pricing Google is offering a 30-day trial and if the consumer subscribes within 45 days, you will get the service at a discounted price of Rs. 89 per month. It must be noted though that users have to pay Rs. 99 per month afterwards. Unlike Apple Music, there’s no family plan or student offers. Apple Music costs Rs 120 a month per user. Apple is also offering a plan for an entire family of six for Rs. 190 per month. Plus, there’s a special plan for students which will cost Rs.60 per month. Just in case you’re not aware, Apple Music offers a three-month free trial. After that you’ll need to start paying. Google Play Music vs Apple Music: Devices All Android devices support Google Play Music, obviously. Plus, it’s also available on iOS as well as the PC. Apple Music, on the other hand, is available for iOS, Android, Mac, PC, and Android. Google Play Music vs Apple Music: Streaming quality Google Play Music streams at 320 kb/s while Apple Music streams at 256 kb/s. It won’t make much of a difference though. In case you really care about the audio quality, Google Play Music is the service to subscribe. Google Play Music streams at 320 kb/s while Apple Music streams at 256 kb/s. Google Play Music vs Apple Music: Library The two services have the same number of tracks – 40 million. While both service offer a vast selection of music, they are quite different actually. Apple has tried to create a curated streaming service with focus on a lot of exclusive. A feature like Connect allow users to receive curated music from content creators  they follow. Also, Apple has its own radio station called Beats 1 which quite often features special appearances by major artists. Somehow I feel that Apple Music has an edge over Google Play Music in terms of exclusive features. Google Play Music vs Apple Music: Interface Of course, the striking difference between Google Play Music and Apple Music is the user interface. Initially I wasn’t keen to stick to Apple Music due to its confusing interface. However, the interface has been much improved over a period of time. In case of Google Play Music, the interface is bright though, but the design is fairly straight forward. Again, it all boils down to personal preference. Google Play Music vs Apple Music: Conclusion Both Apple Music and Google Play Music offer the exact same service. And to be honest, there is very little to choose between them. My recommendation would be to look out for local content and exclusive features. Which streaming service are you using? Let us know in the comments section below. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Google Best of Express US strikes Syrian air base in retaliation for chemical weapons attack by Assad regime EntertainmentVinod Khanna is stable and getting better, says hospital after pic of actor goes viral EntertainmentKapil Sharma, girlfriend Ginni Chatrath celebrated his birthday on Firangi sets. See pics EntertainmentBaahubali 2 vs Baahubali 1: What box office holds for SS Rajamouli monster film Entertainment64th National Awards: Complete list of National Award 2017 winners, watch live streaming Must Read SportsMS Dhoni watching as Steve Smith does a Dhoni SportsWe are fortunate to get over the line, Smith after RPS win SportsRashid Khan makes it an Afghan sunrise in Hyderabad TechnologyReliance Jio 'Summer Surprise' offer withdrawn after TRAI's order TechnologyApple Clips: What it offers and how it works TechnologySamsung Galaxy C7 Pro to launch in India today: Key specifications and features LifestyleDepressed? Let’s talk, don’t pretend it’s all okay! Apr 07: Latest News Yogi Adityanath’s education overhaul: Lower private schools fees, biometric attendance, know UP government’s plans Cash-strapped govt clears Rs 170 crore in salary bills PM Modi to attend two government events in Nagpur on April 14 Haryana will conduct girdawari to assess wheat crop damage Ahmedabad: Resident doctor at cancer hospital ‘attacked’, three held Anuj Bhatia... read more Apple Clips: What it offers and how it works Google Play Music vs Apple Music: Which is best? Gionee A1 review: A great phone, but it’s not flawless                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Grand National Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming CHEAP AS CHIPS? Apple iPhone 8 rumours suggest much-anticipated gadget could be surprisingly cheap The tenth anniversary iPhone is expected to launch in September and it might make your bank manager very happy indeed By Margi Murphy 6th April 2017, 12:23 pm Updated: 6th April 2017, 1:54 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE new iPhone will be surprisingly cheap, gadget fans will be pleased to learn. It’s the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, and Apple is expected to bring out a real showstopper to celebrate. macrumors.com 2 The iPhone 8 could have an infinity screen like the Samsung S8 Rumours that there will be three versions, including a premium £800 model, have been poo-pooed. They may still have three phones to choose from, but it’s unlikely to be as expensive as analysts have predicted. Steven Milunovich, an analyst from global financial services giant UBS, claims that Apple’s prices are expected to stay around the same price as the iPhone 7. macrumors.com 2 The iPhone will start at iPhone 7 prices, but higher storage versions could reach upwards of £800 He said the flagship iPhone 8 will start from $850, which is around £682. “Contrary to some perceptions, Apple prices quite competitively,” Milunovich writes in a report seen by Mac Rumours. “Apple likes to position its entry-level products at the mid-market with ‘Pro/Plus’ products close to competitors at the high end.” Despite the lower starting price, it’s likely that a higher storage tier will cost upwards of £800. We won’t know for sure what the iPhone 8 will look like when it’s released, but that hasn’t stopped a lot of rumours and gossip from doing the rounds. MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE I-WILL HAVE TO WAIT iPhone 8 release date could be delayed by WEEKS due to 'technical issues with curved screen and camera' STAR OF THE SMALLEST SCREEN Apple's incredible new app could help you become the YouTube star of tomorrow WET WORLD Newly discovered Earth-sized planet could be incredible water world teeming with life, stargazers say iPHONE 8 RUMOURS The new Apple iPhone 8 could be WAY cheaper than you think when it is released in September FINGER LICKIN' GOOD How many calories are there in a human? Scientists create disturbing nutritional guide for cannibals IS BIG BROTHER LISTENING? Google Home is now available in the UK and is hoped to trump its voice-controlled rival Amazon Echo It’s likely to have a Samsung S8-style infinity screen and will be faster to charge with a wireless charging pad. Apple recently released a brand new iPad which is remarkably cheap, considering how powerful it is. The new tablet comes with a 9.7″ display and 10-hours battery life with up to 128GB storage. But it costs just £339 for the basic model. Video for Red Revolution charity which led to a red iPhone 7 being launched We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Apple Rumours iPhone 8 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular BLAST FROM THE PAST Cheryl 'in tears' after ex husband Ashley Cole sends his best wishes to her and Liam Payne TV & Showbiz PAIN AT THE PUMPS Morrisons HALVES the amount of rewards customers can earn for filling up at its petrol stations Money WHAT SHE DIDN'T WANT YOU TO SEE! Katie Price spends second honeymoon with hubby Kieran, kids... and entire film crew TV & Showbiz Exclusive BATTLE OF THE EXES Moment security split up Towie's Danielle Armstrong and Yazmin Oukhellou in brawl over James Lock TV & Showbiz BLOODY MESS Bethany Platt lies crying and bleeding by the canal as vile grooming storyline takes another dark turn TV & Showbiz bare off! Glamorous Aintree racegoers show off their DARING outfits as others stumble in their heels with the Champagne… News Exclusive x-maniac Mel B's 'flirty sex games' with Cheryl drove hubby Stephen Belafonte into 'rages' that saw him banned from X-Factor TV & Showbiz Exclusive And you thought Aldi was cheap! Asda launches new garden range with a lower price tag than Aldi Money MAKING ENDS MEET Child Tax Credit is changing and this is all you need to know about how it will affect your claim Money strip tease Little Mix star Jesy Nelson strips to her knickers in sexy selfie TV & Showbiz SLEAZY SQUADDIES X-rated pictures of girls taken back to British Army barracks for sex are being shared online News X-KATED Towie’s Kate Wright tries to break the internet as she flashes her cleavage in ‘unreal’ red-hot bikini TV & Showbiz MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE Goldman Sachs says mining platinum from asteroids is a 'realistic' way for bankers to earn BILLIONS Tech Exclusive MYSTERY EX REVEALED This is Megan McKenna’s ex who Pete Wicks claims she was ‘cheating’ with TV & Showbiz Exclusive FORGET TOWIE, HERE'S ROWIE Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks are restrained by TV crew after explosive argument ends in tears TV & Showbiz Just Published I-WILL HAVE TO WAIT iPhone 8 release date could be delayed by WEEKS due to 'technical issues with curved screen and camera' Tech STAR OF THE SMALLEST SCREEN Apple's incredible new app could help you become the YouTube star of tomorrow Tech WET WORLD Newly discovered Earth-sized planet could be incredible water world teeming with life, stargazers say Tech iPHONE 8 RUMOURS The new Apple iPhone 8 could be WAY cheaper than you think when it is released in September Tech FINGER LICKIN' GOOD How many calories are there in a human? Scientists create disturbing nutritional guide for cannibals Tech IS BIG BROTHER LISTENING? Google Home is now available in the UK and is hoped to trump its voice-controlled rival Amazon Echo Tech A FITBIT OF LUCK Women claims her FitBit fitness tracker saved her life after spotting unusual heart rate Tech WE CAN WORK IT OUT? Facebook admits it was 'tricked' into posting sick 'malicious advert' about suicide of Paul McCartney Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Advertisement Home News Mobile PC & Tablet Operator Apps Gaming TV & Audio Accessories Home appliance Camera Digital Compare Mobile PC & Tablet Reviews Mobile PC & Tablet Apps TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Gaming First Cut Gallery Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Videos Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories App Web Gaming Product finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator forum Recharge Top 5 Mobile Pc & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera How To Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera App हिन्दी Home » News » Mobile » Apple iPhone 8 launch pushed to October-November, pricing details also hinted Apple iPhone 8 launch pushed to October-November, pricing details also hinted By: Nirupam Manik, The Mobile Indian, New Delhi Last updated : Thursday, April 06, 2017 - 16:52 The US-based handset manufacturer is facing some technical issues regarding OLED displays which has now leaked up rumours suggesting a delay in launch date. After Samsung Galaxy S8 was launched last week, rumour world has now shifted its focus to Apple iPhone. The latest of the lot suggests that the Cupertino-based giant might push the launch of its upcoming iPhone 8 to October or even November if things don't go by the plan. A report from Economic Daily News suggests that Apple is reportedly facing some technical issues relating to the lamination process of curved OLED panels and delayed adoption of a 3D sensing system. Interestingly, a report previously cited suggested that Apple might come with the iPhone 8 during the same time (September) but with limited quantities.   If this is the case, Apple might lose some key volume of the audience as Google would be out with their Pixel smartphones around that time. Further, a delayed global launch means an even bigger push back for the Indian market as Apple doesn’t normally bring out its devices to India in the first phase.   On the other hand, the reports claiming the upcoming iPhone to be priced above $1000 has now been denied by a UBS analyst Steven Milunovich who claims that the base variant sporting 64GB of internal storage will be priced somewhere between $850 to $900 in the United States. 850 USD converts to Rs 55,100 which is pretty similar to what Samsung Galaxy S8 will retail in the United States. However, the higher 256GB model might hit the price tag of $950 to $1000 making it the first mainstream smartphone to be priced at Rs $1000.   A research note from the Analyst, as obtained by MacRumous read - “Contrary to some perceptions, Apple priced quite competitively. Apple likes to position its entry-level products at the mid-market with "Pro/Plus" products close to competitors at the high end. Therefore, we do not think Apple will stray far from the price point of Samsung's most expensive model at $840-850 and will keep the entry OLED model at $850-900. Apple's 256GB OLED model could be $950-1,000, but the 256GB 7 Plus already is $970”   Recollecting previous rumours about the upcoming iPhone from Apple, the US-based multinational is said to be working on a 3D front facing the camera to boost up Augmented Reality in future iPhones. Apple is also expected to bring wireless charging and the famous Touch ID might be placed under the display which was previously touted to be introduced in Samsung Galaxy S8. However, a recent report suggested that Apple might follow the trend and place a fingerprint scanner at the back. Lastly, Apple might as well go ahead and name the upcoming flagship as ‘iPhone Edition’ similar to what the company did with its high-end Apple Watch series. Apple Apple iPhone iPhone 8 OLED display OLED iPhone issue iPhone Edition Apple iPhone launch iPhone 8 specs Augmented Reality MacRumours First Published : Thursday, April 06, 2017 - 16:48 Similar News Apple to soon refresh Mac Pro lineup with top-of-the-line specs and modular design Apple iPhone 8 to boasts True Tone Display: Report Man skips out death after the charging cable of his iPhone caused severe burns to his neck Apple opens App Accelerator in Bengaluru, will help iOS app developers improve their skills iPhone 8 to feature Touch ID at the back? Apple rolls out iOS 10.3 with new Apple File System, Find My AirPods, smarter Siri and more Advertisement Hot Trend on TMI Idea Cellular offers 10GB data at Rs 100 for postpaid customers Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro with 16MP rear and selfie camera launched at Rs 27,990 Moto E4 Plus with 5000 mAh battery may have passed through the FCC LG G6 global roll out begins today, India launch expected to be soon Xiaomi Mi 6 spotted on GFXBench, specs revealed again Huawei TRT-AL00A spotted with Android Nougat and 4GB RAM Advertisement Product Finder Advertisement FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Google Plus Youtube How To on TMI How to use your Android smartphone camera as webcam How to bring back the old WhatsApp Messenger: Step-by-Step Guide How to enable Google Assistant on your Android smartphone How to speed up your Android smartphone How to disable troublesome notifications from any app in Android Latest on TMI 01 Idea Cellular offers 10GB data at Rs 100 for postpaid customers 02 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro with 16MP rear and selfie camera launched at Rs 27,990 03 Moto E4 Plus with 5000 mAh battery may have passed through the FCC 04 LG G6 global roll out begins today, India launch expected to be soon 05 YouTube revamps its ad strategy to keep a check on content theft The Mobile Indian Latest Mobiles Micromax Bharat 2 Rs.3499 Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro Rs.8490 Motorola Moto G5 3GB Rs.11999 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 32GB Rs.16990 Sony Xperia XZs Rs.49990 Swipe Konnect Neo 4G Rs.2999 Advertisement   Know Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Articles News Reviews How To Top 5 Device Finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera TV Refrigetator CONTACT US Contact Us Copyright © 2017 the mobile indian.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage Home Macs The Macalope By The Macalope, Macworld | Apr 6, 2017 3:30 AM PT Opinion Microsoft versus Apple: Still making a it a thing So many ways for Apple to lose. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this Out of touch: Apple and Microsoft’s differing approaches A curved Surface: Microsoft always wins Obsession: For iPads Video MacBook Pro review: The Touch Bar bridges the gap between iPad and Mac The PC wars still rage on, which can mean only one thing: There are still so many ways for Apple to lose. Writing for the nice people and anti-Apple headline generation algorithms and the clown that just sits in the corner and stares at you smiling that no one else can see but you at Business Insider, Antonio Villas-Boas says “Apple is getting crushed by Microsoft in the PC race, and it may not be close for a while.” (Tip o’ the antlers to @Hanknspit and @BradSkid.) Are you sitting down? Because this article is full of startling revelations. For example, were you aware that there are more Windows machines than Macs? Apple's senior vice president of marketing, Phil Schiller, told TechCrunch in a report published Tuesday that the Mac's user base was nearing 100 million users. To compare, 400 million computers were running Windows 10 as of September… THIS NEWS FROM THE LATE 1990S IS INCREDIBLY SHOCKING. And that’s just Windows 10. When you throw in dentists who are still running Windows ME alone, well, the picture is even worse. Also, that crack in you back molar doesn’t look good, either. Do you grind your teeth? The Macalope does, but then, he has to read articles on Business Insider. Four out of five dentists recommend not reading Business Insider. The fifth is trying to finance a new boat. Four of the first five paragraphs of Villas-Boas’s piece are a summarization of Matthew Panzarino’s writeup of Apple’s discussion with select members of the press on Monday. Because tech reporting is a tire fire. Villas-Boas’s “value add” here seems to be “Neener-neener, Microsoft’s install base is larger.” More consumers are enticed by Microsoft's high-end Surface lineup of hybrid laptop-tablet devices… To prove that point, Villas-Boas points to another Business Insider piece by serial Microsoft fluffer Matt Weinberger which quotes none other than Microsoft itself about how great Microsoft’s products are doing against Apple. The only thing missing from the piece is any real evidence that Mac users were converting in meaningful numbers to Surface products. What’s great about that pulled sentence is that Villas-Boas doesn’t say “more consumers” than what, although he seems to be implying more consumers than were enticed to buy Macs which is verifiably not true. Microsoft’s Surface revenue for the most recent quarter was $1.3 billion while Apple’s Mac revenue was $7.2 billion. Microsoft might be enticing some Mac users — Apple’s lack of ability to deliver any professional desktop solutions in 2016 certainly didn’t help it — but it’s probably seeing more gains from stealing share from its own OEMs. Add the tepid reception of Apple's latest lineup of 2016 MacBook Pro laptops to the mix… A 20 percent increase in sales is a “tepid reception”. OK. Last year’s sales of MacBook Pros were probably not raging, but a 20 percent increase in sales is the kind of thing PC OEMs could only dream of. Let us also marvel at some other bogus construction Villas-Boas engages in. Still, Microsoft's Windows business is growing, too, especially in the high-end market. … Microsoft now also sells a high-end desktop computer, the Surface Studio, which our own Matt Weinberger said was leagues better than any Mac he had tried. The Surface Studio, a $2,999 and up pro machine which won’t even be available in much of the English-speaking world until later this month let alone the non-English-speaking world, is driving Microsoft’s PC surge. Meanwhile, Apple’s release of a pro iMac sometime this year won’t move the dial. …considering that most of Apple's computer sales are in laptops, the impact of the refreshed Apple desktops may not dramatically increase the Mac's user base. Of course. The thing is, there is a story to tell about Apple’s lost year(s) of professional desktop sales and how that led to Monday’s “Baby, don’t leave me, it’ll be different this time, I swear!” But it doesn’t have much of anything to do with the hundred millionth writing of “Microsoft wins, Apple loses.” To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Macs Macalope Apple Mac Pro Microsoft Surface Studio You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Apple Music for Android updated to v2.0 with a redesigned user interface Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/04 12:02pm PDTApr 4, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 70 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares146 Applications News Apple Music doesn't have the best reviews in the Play Store. Some of that is clearly because Apple, but there were also some legitimate issues with the app that earned it mediocre reviews. In today's v2.0 update, Apple has reportedly addressed some of them with a revamped user interface. The v2.0 update seems aimed at making the Apple Music app less cluttered. Here's the changelog. An all-new design brings greater clarity and simplicity to Apple Music: Now Playing. Read lyrics for songs as you listen. Library. Navigate your music easily and see the Downloaded Music you can play offline. For You. Get recommendations for playlists, albums, and more—based on music you love. Browse. Listen to new music first, plus playlists for any mood or activity. Radio. Tune in to Beats 1 shows or listen to stations for any genre. The updated build seems to get to the point in each screen. There's less scrolling and fewer menus. It also looks a bit more like iOS, and is reportedly faster than the old version. There are some screens of the old version below for comparison. Apple Music costs $9.99 per month for an individual membership, but there's a three-month free trial for new users if you want to check it out. The old app Download: Apple Music (Play Store) Tags app updates apple apple music apps music subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Amazon has a 2-node Netgear Orbi Home WiFi system and an Echo Dot bundle for $330 ... ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Amazon is discounting unlocked phones from Sony, LeEco, Lenovo, and more by up to $125 Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments SyCoREAPER My question is why, why are there Apple Apps for Android. I have a work iPhone and it offers tons of nothing of value in all areas of my life in comparison to Android and others offerings such as Spotify and Pandora. Sruly J To get whatever extra business they can get. Andrew Palmer What a stupid question. SyCoREAPER What a stupid answer. Shame-sung C.E.O It's to make Insecure Android users like your self feel upset. Because choices are great. Spotify is far more superior then Google Play and not as good as Apple Music. but still good. The answer you need to "Google Search" is Capitalism . SyCoREAPER You're just mad that I shit all over your Tizen comment in another thread. Go home and cry some more that your failed fanboy OS didn't take off. Shame-sung C.E.O You mean the one i set fishing line and i caught a moron? Tizen is a joke = Garbage. Thus you got all butt hurt and wrote a stupid reply. Way to get dragged! LMFAO!!! Another fail reply. Suicide_Note I'd love to use Spotify more, but until they remove the cap on how many combined artists/albums/songs you add to your library (i think it's around 10,000), then I'll stick with Play Music. SyCoREAPER Your blocked not for being a troll but being bad at it. Enjoy your pathetic life of harassing others. Shame-sung C.E.O You know you lose when you make up excuses to block anyone. Blocking someone is the ultimate way to say "Your right and i'm wrong so im scared and i will block you now" LMFAO! AbbyZFresh Let's ask the 10+ million Apple Music users on Android why they made their choice hmmm. tim242 Those aren't users... cdotlawrence Here's the thing: Apple Music I think is easiest for getting your own music on your phone. Student discount is great and 100,000 song library? Hugely underrated Google Play Music is ok. Let's you have good size library, but no student discount and app can be painfully cluttered and complicated. Spotify is clean. Not an amazing design, but prolly best. Have some great music discovery features. The best. And student rate is great. But 10,000 song limit has been and still is a deal breaker. Oh and you CAN upload your own music but it's not easy and often doesn't work too well tim242 Apple Music has 20 million users. Do you really believe half of those are on Android? C'mon! Abhishek Saral No Spotify in India. Apple Music cheapest in the world in India. Just 2$/mo. More songs. Beats 1. Why not to subscribe to Apple Music? SyCoREAPER That is a valid comment unlike the other clowns (exception being Sruly J) below. Interesting in cost difference Abhishek Saral It's 1$/mo for me with Student Discount. LOL SyCoREAPER Thank you for providing some valuable and interesting input. Mitul Vohra dude is there a way to verify other than institute email? i don't have one. Abhishek Saral No man I don't think so. It verifies using Unidays and requires a .edu email id. If your university doesn't give you an email then it might not be possible. demarcmj For the same reason Google has apps on iOS. SyCoREAPER I didn't mean exclusively why is it on Android, but why choose it when there tons of options available (which Abhishek Saral gave a valid example why) I would also ask the same of why Google apps are on iOS. And I know why, but it's the principle demarcmj "but why choose it when there tons of options available" There aren't "tons" of mobile OSes, and there aren't any with as many users as Android. SyCoREAPER What the Jesus on a Dinosaur are you talking about? There is Pandora, Spotify, Google Music, Tidal, Groove, Slacker, the list goes on. demarcmj Misunderstood what you were saying. I thought you were saying why choose Android when there are tons of options. I was trying to tie it back to your original question "why are there Apple Apps for Android." Because users. That is the answer. brian. I would say that perhaps Apple is using it as a sort of experience with apps for Android. If it is something they can make money doing, then I would say that's a good reason to do it. In this case, it is more practical since it can make money on whatever platform. Obviously Google and Apple have different business models but with Apple Music like Google Apps, the more users the better. SyCoREAPER It just blows my mind that they allow it. Kind of like how Amazon doesn't allow Google Play and Google Play doesn't allow Amazon appstore. Especially since Apple is the epitome of everything wrong with this world sueing everyone for everything. brian. Well, I don't really mind your opinion of Apple, but why not have Apple Music on the Play Store? It just makes the Play store more robust. I am also not sure though, but is Google Play Services required for Google Play music? tim242 Google Music is available for iOS, so no Play Services required. brian. Yes, I realize that Google Play Music is on iOS, which does not have Google Play Services. However, Google Now functionality is on iOS but does require Google Play Services to work. (edit: ...on Android) tim242 I think that is for the extra features of Now on Android. They put a stripped down version on iOS. I can't think of anything missing from Google Music on iOS. But, I could be wrong on that brian. Correct, but that could be because of Google Play Services. You cannot set reminders of phone alarms using Google Now on iOS. Siri obviously takes that job. But it's the same with Google Play Music, you can use Google Now to play music from Google Play Music (I read that it finally works with Google Assistant). That could require Google Play Services. My question is, does it? If it does, that answers the question as to why you can get the app on Amazon's tablets. Nathan J Because while fanboys and fangirls rage against "iSheep" and "fandroids," in the real world, Apple and Google work well together in a number of ways. iOS only runs on something like 15% of smartphones, with Android running on about 85%, so Apple of course wants to reach those people. They might feel the hardware they produce is superior to that of Samsung, LG, HTC, Motorola, and the others, but they're not about to leave money just sitting on the table. The better question might be why there are Android apps on the iPhone, but the answer to that is that Google deals in information gathered from apps and services, not hardware. Letting iOS users use Google services is just good business for them. Ome Dries Not that I am subscribed to Apple Music, and am in a position to judge. But it seems to have gotten worse, it seems a bit amateurish now . dcdttu From what I understand, you can't even cast. I don't know if they have plans to ever allow it, either. vmxr at least they respect global users and offered their app to them unlike google music or microsoft groove which is limited to specific countries dcdttu This is literally the only product that Apple offers on non-iPhones. Google Play Music is on both platforms *and* web. So I guess it all evens out? vmxr no they are not, i can't get google music subscription i don't even get the chance to use google music as local music player because its not available, on the other side i can get apple music subscription and the music player on my android, ios and windows :) Joannaescott Google is paying $97 per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !ft186c: On monday I got a great new mclaren f1 from having earned $12778 this last four weeks.. 3 to 5 hours of work a day... Weekly paychecks... Bonus opportunities...Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ft186c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs476DigitalNote/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!ft186c:....,....... Jay Considering GPM is less than 60 countries, where as Apple at least offers it 95 percent of the markets it operates in AND does country sensitive pricing i.e. 2 dollars in India, i would take them over it. I will even deal with iTunes for it, at that pricing. Though i got access to spotify, i have been trying it out again since my sub there expired (tend to purchase yearly ones) and find it just fine for my needs for now. Malhaar Kale But it censors music tracks. (At least when I had checked it last time). Genuine question - have they stopped doing it? Jay It has full support for explicit music in India now, for a while. Malhaar Kale That's amazing. Wasn't aware Loved FYI, Even Google play music offers the same 2$/ Album in those same price sensitive areas like India. Apple music is no better Roh_Mish Apple music has subscription for streaming here. Play music doesn't. Jay Which has little to do with the topic in hand. Your FYI is kinda wasted since i live here in India and already knew that. We were talking about streaming networks here and GPM does not offer streaming as an option in India yet. Loved Good to know Loved Ahemmm... GPM now offers streaming all access in India... And that's for nearly 3/4th apple's price... I standby what I said: APPLE MUSIC IS NO BETTER Jay Hah! How could anyone have known, that they were going to start offer it for 90 bucks (inr) just a few hours later?! XD Samarth Well, since there's no Spotify in India, my circle and I are completely satisfied with Apple Music. This update makes the app fast and very friendly. Sundeep I'm in the same boat. Spotify release already dammit! Carson Saldanha Not Play Music? Samarth Nope. Not available. Carson Saldanha Says here that it is: https://techcrunch.com/2016/09/28/google-play-music-india/ Is the subscription service not available? Jay Nope and it says so in the article you linked itself. While the Play Music store has launched, there are some caveats. It doesn’t include the Spotify-like ‘All Access’ streaming service and there’s no radio or podcasts yet. mrjayviper that's a huge market to ignore! looking at you Google/Spotify Jay God knows why! They have movies, books and even offer albums for sale, but streaming? 404 logic not found Suicide_Note Personally, i think the old version looks better than the new one. brian. As an iPhone user, I must agree with you. This is why I use a 3rd party music app. The good thing about Apple Music on iOS is that it plays nice with 3rd party music apps. Add something to your Apple Music library, and it will show up on the 3rd party app too. On Android, you don't get that option. That's a big bummer. If someone is using Android, I don't think they can go wrong using either Spotify or Apple music. tim242 Google Music all the way. Best value, since you get YTR included. brian. You're right, it's a great value! I don't need YTR because of my habits. Plus I'm still on Student Discount prices for Apple Music, so it's half price. Also, if I need to use ad-free youtube videos, Safari supports and adblocker and there's a work around to get audio only using the Safari browser and control center. It's kind of a pain, but I don't use it often. Nathan J Safari-only ad blockers (I forget what they're called) are okay, but AdBlock blocks all the ads. It's like $1.99 though, but worth it. P. Sherman "This service is not available in your country." Screw Google, man. Jay So much of this. GPM is pretty much dead for most areas. VAVAMk_2 I love Spotify but man is YouTube Red nice. Kamran Mackey Uh, hell no. Spotify is king in the music streaming world and that's been proven over and over again. YouTube Red means almost nothing, and it's available in what, like maybe three countries? Google needs to seriously get their shit together. tim242 I'm blocking you. Nathan J Spotify has licensing fragmentation issues. Maybe it's not as serious as Google Music and YouTube Red, but let's not pretend that Spotify doesn't have regional issues at all. They definitely do. Nathan J To clarify this, some third-party music apps are just frontends for Apple Music/iTunes. They just access the iTunes library. That's it. TinyPlayer and Spotify are two music players that don't access the iTunes library. The iOS file system is locked down and user data is sandboxed by app, but there are a couple of data stores apps can request permission to read. The ITunes library, and the camera roll. The former is read only, while the camera roll can be written to. brian. Correct. What I am trying to get at with 3rd party music apps on iOS, is that they do give you access to your Music "folder" on iOS. I know you cannot write to it, but it does allow you to use Apple Music, and not have to go through the trouble of using the Apple Music UI, which I don't like. That's one of my biggest gripes about music on iOS, you can just plop in some music and it just reads. Apple Music on iOS, Google Play Music, and Spotify are all restricted as well on Android. Use the apps or your out of luck. George Byers The only time I see people using Apple music on Android is because they got it for 6months free with a new contract with a carrier in the UK called EE... TFN I used it because i recently bought an iPad (Sorry android tablets are :/ ). The Apple music app on iOS was decent but was always crashing and sluggish on my android. After the three month trial i quit and went half price student on Spotify. No regrets with cross platform control brian. I was doing research on the student discount. It looks like Spotify offers it for 1 year, or 2 years... I can't quite remember. Apple Music will give it to you for 4 years, and on an iOS device, it plays well with 3rd party music players, so you're not bound by the Apple Music app. If you have an Android phone, however, it doesn't. But hey, choice! Whatever best suits you. Jayson Stephenson Still better than Google Play Music. Brian Demodulated Why? brian. I'm not going to say which is better. I'd say they're both bad. On iOS, I don't use the default music app so I haven't had much experience with that. When using an Android phone, I used Apple Music briefly if I wanted to listen to something I didn't have on me at the time. But Google Play music is a mess. I hate the artist selection view, which is how I navigate through all my apps. PowerAmp has been my go to for Android, especially now they enabled sorting by Album Artist. SyCoREAPER Agree that PowerAmp is king but without streaming it put's it into a different category brian. You are correct, I would say it's not equal to Apple Music or Google Play Music. This is because of my use case; I understand other people have different ways of using an app for music. Most of my music is owned and local, so I don't have a huge need to stream everything. Just certain things from time to time. In the way of just playing and finding the music you want, PowerAmp is much better than both Apple Music and Google Play Music. VAVAMk_2 Power Amp is great for locally stored music. Brian Demodulated I agree that GPM could use a better browsing interface. However, I love their streaming service, especially because I can stream my own uploaded music as well as their subscription library with the same app. I either stream while I'm on the go, or I decide in advance which albums to download and can browse easily if I only show downloaded albums. tim242 /s P. Sherman Yes. Especially since GPM is NOT AVAILABLE in my country to begin with. It's absolutely shameful. Claude Gohier Needs Chromecast support. Carson Saldanha LOL GOOD. LUCK. Claude Gohier I know. But meanwhile, not interested. chandrizzle Android Auto would be nice too Dirk Reminds me of Zune, EcE Serious question. Other than the service not being available in X or Y country, why would anyone use it instead of Spotify, Play Music or any of the rest? Is it any better at anything? Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Maybe a recent iOS convert needs their play lists... brian. Preference, and new Android converts for iOS. I would also say that Beats 1 and perhaps people like the UI better. I'm not saying any of these are what I prefer, but those could be reasons. Either way, options are good. EcE Hopefully someone that uses it will answer. I see pricing is similar to Spotify. I hate Spotify's new "listening on" feature. It's really buggy. But reading the comments here, the lack of casting is a big no for me. I'd go through the trial but I'm too lazy to give them my cc info. brian. My suggestion is download Apple Music and use it with local music you may have on your phone. If the UI isn't your preference, delete it. gpatrick15 I use it because I like the interface and the selection of playlists better. It brings what I want to my attention better than Spotify. I only got it when I had a brief stint with an iPhone, but I kept it after moving back. Conversely, my wife, who's more hands on in her music selection, uses Spotify on her iPhone. Another selling point to me is that anything currently in my iTunes library is made available to stream on my phone. So when listening to mixtapes and singles that may not be on Apple Music, I can just download them to my iTunes library and they'll sync over. To my knowledge Spotify doesn't offer that, but I know Google does. EcE Thanks for the input Brian Demodulated The 3 month free trial is a good reason to use it at least for a while. abazigal Differing music selection. If you want Taylor swift for example, Spotify is out of the question. Apple Music is also more integrated with Apple devices and services (Siri integration on ios devices, and there is no Spotify service for the Apple TV), but I am not sure how relevant that is for android smartphone owners. DaveCXT One reason could be family sharing... that's really the only reason we considered it since my wife is on iPhone she preferred Apple Music. And we might have stuck with it except for lack of Chromecast support (casting to chromecast, or our AndroidTv) and the BIG turn off for me was that Apple Music didn't rotate with phone horizontal in a car mount. I don't know if they fixed that or not. She finally settled and started using Play Music subscription, and now we get the family sharing for YouTube Red, Apps, Movies etc. That outweighed her familiarity with Apple Music and saved playlists. Jay Costing? Here in India it's 3 dollars a month for the family share option. I have my family on it, with a mix of pixel, samsungs and iPhones. disqus_mrEZ1BWwek Anyone know why it says this version isn't compatible with my device (OnePlus 3)? SpasilliumNexus Because of whatever you're running on the phone. Shows up compatible here on 3T with OOS Open Beta 4. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4bab1cfba435fd009bd0fa2e223e05a036c0f0e20e9e1ba8174a887f9ac8ba42.png Zorn I have the OOS Open Beta 4 installed as well. Still greyed out and says this version is not compatible with my device. No idea. Rebel without a Clue I wonder why, 3T here running a rooted custom rom and it's compatible with it. Margaritas Ante Porcos Both Apple Music and Google Music are terribly awful. Google Music at least lets store 50 000 tracks, although it matters less and less each day... Spotify is the king. Brian Demodulated The fact that Spotify doesn't let you upload your own music is the dealbreaker for me. I own tons of CDs that aren't on any streaming service so it's amazing to have that content accessible within GPM. Daniel Tiberius You can if you run the desktop app. Brian Demodulated That only lets you play your local music, and it's a pretty bad local music player. I want to be able to play my music at work on in the car. WillSympson I'm really glad I never got stuck in the apple ecosystem. Their design language is just getting worse and worse to me. Manikandan Guru Looks ridiculous af. Typical Apple. thomas sim The only Android apps that consistently crashed or hung, Apple Music. It felt like it never left beta state which I was using since beginning. Reason I use it instead of Spotify ? Slightly larger song base for Asian artist ( at least those I listen to ) Shailesh Kumar OMG! That Black Status Bar is killing my eyes. Deborah Sawyer Who freakin' cares. Why do we have Android in the first place? I don't need or want Apple software on my Android phone. Nicholas Conrad Oh, that'll be nice for 14 people. Joannaescott Google is paying $97 per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !ft186c: On monday I got a great new mclaren f1 from having earned $12778 this last four weeks.. 3 to 5 hours of work a day... Weekly paychecks... Bonus opportunities...Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ft186c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs476DigitalNote/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!ft186c:....,........ Diskus1 I really wonder if Apple Music actually has more subscribers on Android than Google Play Music does... amazing how bad Google promotes and develops the Music app. Bikas A big surprise for me is their pricing in India, it's so apt. They are charging Rs.120 (< $2) / month which is quite competitive and good. They can potentially win against Spotify ($9.99/month) and Play Music (if launched). But their major problem is music services here like Gaana (Rs.60/month), Wync or Jio Music (free with career). hooch Wow is that ugly Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 104k Latest Deals 0 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Amazon is discounting unlocked phones from Sony, LeEco, Lenovo, and more by up to $125 2017/04/04 12:33pm PDTApr 4, 2017 0 [Deal Alert] Amazon has a 2-node Netgear Orbi Home WiFi system and an Echo Dot bundle for $330 ($91 off) 2017/04/04 12:00pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 76 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 33 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 14 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 17 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 74 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 11 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 9 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 76 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 120 GBoard v6.2 adds a Text Editor tool for fine cursor control, resizing the one-handed keyboard, new languages, and much more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/06 12:31am PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Android Nougat OTA rolling out to the Galaxy Note 5 and S6 edge+ on Sprint 2017/04/06 2:55am PDTApr 6, 2017 20 Sprint unveils the new Unlimited Freedom plan pricing, still a limited time promo 2017/04/06 9:51am PDTApr 6, 2017 71 Broadcom WiFi vulnerability allows remote code execution, affects almost all Android devices 2017/04/06 9:20am PDTApr 6, 2017 Last 7 Days 123 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 59 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 46 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 60 The Moto G5 Plus is not eating SIM cards, people just need to pay more attention 2017/04/03 8:38am PDTApr 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 116 queries | 1.951s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Blenders Coffee Machines Cookers Dishwashers Fans Freezers More Fridge Freezers Fridges Garden Tools Irons Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Microwaves Mixers Ovens Personal Care Smart Home Steam Cleaners Toasters Tumble Dryers Vacuum Cleaners Washer Dryers Washing Machines Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / Home appliances / Smart Home / D-Link Omna 180 Cam D-Link Omna 180 Cam review 0 shares Read Comments By David Ludlow Updated: 20 hours ago 1 of 20 Summary Our Score: 6 Page 1: Design, Performance & Verdict 20 Pictures Pros Excellent video quality Wide-angle lens Motion detection can control other devices Cons Only 720p recording No Android support No IFTTT channel Key Features 1080p streaming (720p 15fps recording) Night vision Apple HomeKit support 180-degree lens MicroSD card recording Manufacturer: D-Link Review Price: £200.00 What is the D-Link Omna 180 Cam? The D-Link Omna 180 Cam is the first Apple HomeKit-certified security camera. Integrating with the Home app in iOS 10, the camera can be controlled alongside your other smart home kit via touch or voice. Related: Apple Home and HomeKit review D-Link Omna 180 Cam – Design and Build There's a certain design expectation from any product intended to integrate with an Apple service tightly. I have to say that D-Link has nailed it with the Omna 180 Cam. While it's hard to describe any security camera as truly desirable, the Omna is certainly attractive. Its neat metal-effect finish and cylinder body (26mm diameter and 133mm high) look great and aren't too obtrusive. Around the back, there's a micro-USB power input. The recess is square, with the matching plug connecting and sitting flush; it's a minor thing, but not having a USB connector sticking out certainly looks neater. With 2.9m of cabling, there's enough to place the Omna pretty much anywhere you'd like it. Turn the Omna upside down, and you'll discover the microSD card slot on the bottom. A rubber ring around the entire camera ensures that the Omna sits firmly on any surface, free of any wobbles. D-Link Omna 180 Cam – Features Although the Omna 180 integrates with Apple Home, it also has its very own Omna app. Having two apps is a little annoying, especially since you can only do certain jobs from the Omna app, with Home giving you fewer features. For example, you can't watch recorded video from Home, only from the Omna app. Frustratingly, there's no Android version of the Omna app, either, which makes the camera rather limited. When setting up the camera, it doesn't matter which app you use. The important thing is the Apple HomeKit code, which you have to use to add the camera. Fortunately, D-Link has printed it on the back of the camera in big letters, so there's no chance of losing it. It's also printed on the quick-start guide. Setting the camera up and joining it to a Wi-Fi network is straightforward; I had mine running in a matter of minutes. Placing the camera is also simple, since it has a wide-angle 180-degree lens, letting it take in most of a room from anywhere you put it. Automatic night-vision lets the Omna work in any lighting environment, too. You'll need to install a microSD card (up to 128GB) and turn on recording if you want to save any footage. While using local storage means that there are no monthly fees, it's a shame that there's no cloud backup option. As it stands, if a thief takes your camera, they also take your evidence. D-Link Omna 180 Cam – Performance Once added into your system, the Omna appears in Home as two devices: the physical camera and, separately, as a motion sensor. The latter is quite neat, as you can use the camera's motion detection to perform other actions, such as turning on a light. Frustratingly, you can't disable the motion sensor at set times or when you're in the house, since Home insists that the device is active at all times. In other words, the Omna is going to end up recording a lot of footage of you at home. There's no IFTTT channel, either, so you can't integrate this camera with other non-HomeKit devices. From the Home app, you get basic control of the Omna. You can view live footage by tapping the big thumbnail. Once connected to the stream, you can use the voice option to transmit sound to the Omna's speaker. This could be useful if you want to scare a burglar away. Notifications have to be managed from the Home app, too, and they're turned off by default. Siri integration feels a little pointless. You can only ask to see your security camera's live footage, which saves you a couple of taps at the most. Home doesn't offer any control over the camera's advanced features. You'll need the Omna app to set the motion detection area, sensitivity and the Motion Retrigger Delay (how long the camera should wait before warning you about further movement). Viewing recorded video is possible only through the Omna app. It defaults to showing you footage from today only; to view older footage you have to tap the calendar icon and then select the date that you're interested in. D-Link's integrated video player is good, but there's no option to export the video to your camera roll. To save footage, we had to remove the memory card and connect it to a computer. Remote viewing is only possible is you have a HomeKit hub; this has to be a 4th-generation Apple TV, as the 3rd-generation model doesn't support security cameras. Again, this is limiting, and remote viewing feels like something that should be provided by the Omna app. D-Link Omna 180 Cam – Video Quality There are no video quality settings to change, so you're stuck with the pre-set resolution. D-Link says that the Omna is a Full HD camera, but this is only for the live stream. Checking the video files recorded to the microSD card, I found that they were all recorded at 720p with a smooth-enough 15fps frame rate. According to D-Link, the resolution reduction helps save space on memory cards. That may be true, but why not give the option for Full HD? Image quality is very good. Squeezing the 180-degree panoramic view into a 720p recorded image means that some fine detail is smoothed out and there's the inevitable fish-eye effect; however, it's easy to see what's going on and recognise people. At night the IR LEDs lit up my test room and let me see what was going on. More detail is lost in this mode (as it is with all cameras), but I could still see plenty of information and easily recognise people from the footage. Should I buy the D-Link Omna 180 Cam? Excellent image quality, a panoramic lens and a great design make the D-Link Omna 180 Cam stand out. But while it's good to see more HomeKit products, this camera feels more limited as a result. The lack of an IFTTT channel, Android app and cloud storage, coupled with having to control the camera via two apps, makes the Omna a more frustrating experience than it should be. Greater device support, while maintaining HomeKit compatibility would have been enough to tip the scales. As it stands, the Netatmo Welcome, which has built-in face recognition, is a smarter, cheaper, choice. Verdict It's great to see more HomeKit devices, but the lack of Android support and the need to use two apps detract. Overall Score 6 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Watch Series 3 Rumored For Second Half Of 2017 By Tyler Lee on 04/06/2017 03:50 PDT While the Apple Watch Series 2 addressed some features that some felt were missing in the original, we’re still not sure if you could call the Apple Watch the perfect smartwatch. After all it took Apple many generations of the iPhone to arrive at where they are today, so we guess the same could be said for the Apple Watch. If you are still holding out on purchasing the Apple Watch, you might be interested to learn that the Apple Watch Series 3 could be launched in the second half of 2017 according to a report from DigiTimes (via 9to5Mac). The report claims that the device will be launched in the second half of the year, where it is expected to continue being manufactured by Quanta, although this year’s model will also see Compal Electronics lend a hand. The report doesn’t really tell us what to expect from the third-gen Apple Watch, however we have heard rumors that the Series 3 could introduce cellular connectivity. Some have debated how this works, with some reports claiming a SIM card tray slot, while others are saying that the SIM could be embedded into the device like what Apple has done with the cellular iPads. The rumors have also been saying that we shouldn’t expect a major redesign, but instead Apple will focus on features and performance. In any case given that the Apple Watch Series 2 was launched last year alongside the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, we guess a second half of 2017 launch doesn’t really seem like that much of a stretch. Filed in Apple >Gadgets >Rumors. Read more about Apple Watch, Smartwatch and Wearable Tech. Related Articles 2017-03-27 Apple Looking Into Apple Watch Bands With Added Functionality 2017-03-27 Third-Gen Apple Watch Could Finally Include Cellular Connectivity 2017-03-21 Apple Watch Gets New Bands For Spring 2017-02-21 Apple Watch Series 3 Rumored To Use Different Display Technology 2017-01-24 ‘Theater Mode’ Seems To Be A watchOS Feature 2017-01-06 This Apple Watch Stand Transforms Your Watch Into A 1984 Macintosh Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Fake iPad Bomb Apparently The Reason Behind Airlines Electronic Ban Police Warn Of New ‘108’ Siri Prank Hackers Threaten To Wipe Millions Of Apple Devices Analyst Claims Next iPhone Will Represent A ‘Paradigm Shift’ Study Finds That iPhones Have A High Failure Rate iPhone 8 Cable Will Switch To USB Type-C User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Features Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Technology Wearables Apple Watch 3 tipped to have 4G connection and launch alongside iPhone 8 Supply chain sources claim the next Apple Watch will have its own 4G connection. By Alistair Charlton April 6, 2017 11:48 BST The third-generation Apple Watch will have its own 4G connection, industry sources claimReuters A new Apple Watch with space for a SIM card and the ability to make phone calls is on the cards and could arrive before the end of 2017. These are the latest rumours coming from technology analysts and sources inside Apple's global supply chain, who can often give clues about future products the iPhone maker might be working on. First there is semiconductor analyst Christopher Rolland, who recently travelled to Asia to speak to several of Apple's component suppliers. These conversations have led Rolland to believe Apple will add a SIM card slot and cellular functionality to the next Watch, meaning it can make calls, send/receive iMessages and connect to the internet without being tethered to an iPhone. Rolland said in a note published by Barron's: "We understand a model of the next Apple Watch will include a SIM card, and therefore is likely to support LTE [also known as 4G]." Continuing to address other aspects of the upcoming wearable, Rolland said: "We understand some issues remain, including battery life and form factor size, but significant progress has been made." The analyst speculates how the third-generation Watch could make phone calls with Apple's wireless AirPod earphones. Next up, sources of DigiTimes says a next-generation Apple Watch will begin shipping "in the second half of 2017". The publication adds that Apple will continue to produce and sell the second-generation Watch alongside the new model, just as the second is currently sold alongside a slightly updated version of the original Watch. It is likely that the next Watch will launch at the same time as the upcoming 2017 iPhone, thought to be called the iPhone 8. If Apple sticks to its usual schedule this will be around the second week of September. More technology news from IBTimes UK People need to stop having sexual fantasies about Siri and Alexa (because yes, they actually are) Bangalore police tweet more than 40,000 phone numbers in privacy breach Facebook launches new tools to combat revenge porn following Marines nude photo scandal Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Tesla Model X review Columnists Gaurav Sharma “If Brussels and London start a euro clearing war, New York would be the only beneficiary READ MORE Tesla Model X review: Sci-fi style, or too clever for its own good? We try out the electric Tesla Model X and its Falcon Wing vertical... Inside the £2 million F-35 Lightning II flight simulator Pilots of the next-generation fighter jet can practice landing on a... Is this the worst Uber passenger ever? A screaming tirade of racist abuse and false threats of rape aimed at... Sathurbot trojan targets WordPress sites using illegal movie and software torrents Sathurbot has been active since at least June 2016 and has... Facebook adds handy educational guide to help users spot fake news The tool will initially be rolled out to users in countries such as... What is Facebook M? All you need to know about the new AI assistant Unlike Siri and Cortana, M is not operated by voice commands. Twitter sues US government to keep anti-Trump account private Social media company refuses to disclose identity of users behind... Physicists prove Einstein still wrong about quantum mechanics with record-breaking trapped ion tests The first ever chained Bell test on trapped ions proves this method... Mini Remastered is the ultimate retro throwback with 21st century toys Coventry-based David Brown Automotive launches the £70,000 Mini... Qantas says g'day to 'holy grail' non-stop London to Sydney flights within five years The 20-hour direct trip would become longest flight in the world... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Home News Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Open Source Hardware Software Security Resources Industry Voice SMB Spotlight Newsletters Resources Inject life into your cloud-hosted applications: 5 best practices to boost end-user experience Feel as though the performance of your cloud-hosted applications has become lacklustre? Here are five best practices that can help you boost end-user experiences, simplify performance management, and reduce the cost of your AWS environment.  Download Your questions answered: How to protect your data in the cloud The number of successful cyberattacks per year per company has increased by 46% over the last four years. But what really needs to be considered when exploring a solution? What questions need to be asked? Download to find out... Download Find resources Search by title or subject area View all resources Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Google+ YouTube Newsletter Industry Voice SMB Spotlight The Inquirer Home News Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Open Source Hardware Software Security Friction Apple sued over iPhone-borking 'Error 53' software update, again Aussie watchdog says firm breached consumer law by refusing repairs Apple sued over iPhone-borking Error 53 update, again Carly Page @CarlyPage_ 06 April 2017 Tweet   Facebook   Google plus       Send to   0 Comments AN AUSSIE WATCHDOG is suing Apple for refusing to fix iPhones that were bricked by its device-borking 'Error 53' update. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) has taken Apple to Federal Court, alleging that the firm breached consumer law by telling customers who had suffered "error 53" borkage that it didn't have to fix their device if it had been earlier repaired by a third party.  The dodgy software update first made headlines in February last year, when it emerged that iPhone 6 and 6S devices that have been repaired by a non-Apple technician were throwing up the 'Error 53' message and subsequently became an overpriced brick.  "This security measure is necessary to protect your device and prevent a fraudulent Touch ID sensor being used," an Apple spokesperson said at the time. "If a customer encounters Error 53, we encourage them to contact Apple Support." Apple, who failed to warn customers that the update was coming, also failed to do anything about it, and told those affected that their only option was to buy a new phone. The ACCC said in its lawsuit this week that Australian consumers were, by law, were entitled to a free repair if a product was not of acceptable quality or fit for purpose. "Consumer guarantees are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party, that is the essential issue here, and for Apple to suggest otherwise is, we allege, misleading and deceptive conduct," ACCC chairman Rod Sims said. The ACCC also accused Apple extending its monopoly over the iPhone ecosystem by forcing customers to use its higher-priced repair service. "It not only impacts those consumers but can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at lower cost than the manufacturer," Sims added. As well as fines, the ACCC said it was seeking injunctions, declarations, compliance programme orders, corrective notices, and costs. This isn't the first time Apple has faced legal action over Error 53. Last year a class action was launched in the US, but this was later thrown out because the plaintiffs "lack[ed] standing to pursue injunctive relief" and could not provide sufficient evidence that they had suffered permanent data loss. Apple might find itself in legal trouble here in the UK, too. London-based barrister Richard Colbey said last year that Error 53 could be viewed as an offence under the Criminal Damage Act 1971. "It is hard to see how something which ceases to work in this way could be said to be of reasonable quality, one of the determinants of which is durability," he said. "The law states: 'A person who without lawful excuse destroys or damages any property belonging to another, intending to destroy or damage any such property or being reckless as to whether any such property would be destroyed or damaged shall be guilty of an offence.'" µ Tweet   Facebook   Google plus       Send to   Topics Friction Apple cloud computing Mobile INQ Latest One in four Brits have a crush on Alexa, Cortana, Google Assistant or Siri Because FFS Software 06 April 2017 Amazon and Energenie IoT kit helps vulnerable kids feel at home Smart home kit give foster children some control Hardware 06 April 2017 Project Scorpio shuns Ryzen in favour of 'evolved' AMD Jaguar CPU Next-gen Xbox will also pack 12GB GDDR5 RAM and Polaris GPU Numb Thumbs 06 April 2017 Samsung must pay rival Huawei £9.3m for patent infringement Chinese court rules that firm stepped on Huawei's 4G and UI patents Friction 06 April 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to Top Most read Galaxy S8 and S8+ specs, release date and price Huawei P10 and P10 Plus release date, price and specs Galaxy S8 vs S7 specs comparison: Should you upgrade? Galaxy S8 vs Pixel: Which phone is better? PornHub and YouPorn shake hands with HTTPS encryption Contact Marketing solutions Enterprise IT Events About Incisive Media Terms & conditions Privacy policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Google+ YouTube © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016    
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews iPhone Apple’s Siri May Soon Recognize Your Own Voice By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on April 6, 2017 07:05 PM When Siri was unveiled to the world, Apple made the headlines. At the time, the digital personal assistant is the closest people can have to a talking computer. However, after just a few years, Siri was shoved to the background and was nearly forgotten. This led to it being outranked by other digital assistants like Amazon’s Alexa and Google’s Google Assistant. Now, Samsung has also jumped into the fray and introduced its own version of a personal digital assistant, the Bixby. To some degree, it seems that Apple might have entirely forgotten about Siri. However, just recently, the company has updated the Mac OS X to include the famous digital assistant. While the support is not as extensive as the iPhone of iPad, it is still a good start. Now, a new report suggests that Apple will be pushing Siri’s capabilities a lot further. This time, it comes with a proper voice pattern recognition. According to a recent patent filed by Apple, Siri might soon be able to recognize a voice pattern from the actual user. This will enable the digital assistant to differentiate the owner of the device from other people. iPhone with the Siri App (via thenextweb.com) This patent was said to be brought about by the inherent security flaws of Siri. Right now, the iOS application does not distinguish a person from another person. This can lead to some unwanted access through the Siri app. In addition to voice pattern recognition, the digital assistant will also be able to integrate other biometric features to provide added security. Apple intends to combine voice pattern recognition with iris scanning and fingerprint scanning to make access to an iOS device more restrictive. This will be done in the hopes of making the mobile operating system safer than ever. At the moment, this is nothing but a patent filed by Apple. There are no assurances that the company will act upon this and make it into a reality. However, chances are, Apple is already working on one and could soon be released in the next iOS update. For more updates on Siri, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Apple Finally Patents MagSafe to USB Type C Adapter Apple’s Siri May Soon Recognize Your Own Voice April 6th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:AI, Apple Siri Patent, iOS Security, Siri Voice Recognition Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Elon Musk Launches Neuralink Startup To Upgrade The Human Brain AI News: Is It The Future To Unlock The Bible? Facebook Helps Blind People ?See? Photos With AI About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds April Update Live; Patch Adds Sound Improvements, Bug Fixes, And More Injustice 2: The Joker Revival Teased By Ed Boon Mass Effect Andromeda Update 1.05 Increases Inventory Space From 50 To 100, Capped To 200 Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Mass Effect Andromeda Update 1.05 Improves Animations With Pupil Adjustment, Tweaked Dialogue, Added Subtle Movements, And More When Bioware launched Mass Effect Andromeda, players both had praises and criticisms for the... Injustice 2: Mr. Freeze Will Be A Captain Cold Skin Captain Cold was introduced in a villain-themed trailer for Injustice 2 and now he... Yooka-Laylee Day One Update Improves The Camera As reviews have started pouring in, Playtonic Games has announced details for the upcoming... Injustice 2 Story Mode Allows Character Selection Seems like NetherRealms has plans to make the Injustice 2 story mode more dynamic... Persona 5 Class Answers: All Correct Responses In School To Increase Your Knowledge And Charm Stat More than fighting Shadows and stealing “hearts”, Persona 5 will also make players re-experience... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller Overwatch NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Share Tweet Make your iPhone 6s last for days away from the mains with one of these... PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All Features Reviews How-Tos Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics Xbox Scorpio Google Home UK Xiaomi Mi6 Galaxy S8 iPad 9.7in Snapdragon 835 Latest Tech Deals » Home Test Centre Smartphones Test Centre Best iPhone 6 battery cases Best iPhone 6 battery cases What's the best iPhone 6s battery case for you? Find out in our roundup of cases with built-in batteries. By Simon Jary | 06 Apr 17 Low on battery? Here we review the best iPhone 6s battery cases and iPhone 6s Plus battery cases, which also work with the older iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The Apple iPhone 6s has a battery life shorter than most owners would like it. Who hasn’t cursed as the “Low Battery” warning pops up? For all its fancy apps and super camera the more important feature of any smartphone is its battery, for when this expires so does everything else. If you've upgraded to the iPhone 7 then see our round up of the best iPhone 7 battery cases. (Still got an older iPhone? Read our Best Battery Cases for the iPhone 5/5s). Apple again went for super-thinness rather than significantly better battery life when it designed the iPhone 6 and 6s. So those of us who want our phone to last all day, and then some, have to lug round a battery power bank or forgo Apple’s slimness for a bulkier battery case that will recharge a fading iPhone battery back to full life without having to stop to find a power socket. If you fancy carrying a portable power pack (rather than a protective case) around with you, read our round up of the Best Portable Battery Power Banks. And if you treasure your new iPhone 6s you should be wrapping the fragile thing in a protective case anyway; see Best iPhone 6s Cases round up. Chinese manufacturers moved swiftly to create battery cases for the iPhone 6 – much faster than they did with previous iPhone generations, which had allowed companies such as Mophie to lead the market. Many of the iPhone 6 and 6s battery cases reviewed here are very similar me-too products, but each has its own pros and cons. What has excited us are the cases tested here that show some real innovation – such as the Tylt Energi Sliding Case and Esorun iStand, that offer something more. There are also cases reviewed here that are slimmer than most, or offer massive battery capacities. And sun hats off to Mophie for offering a battery case that's also waterproof, the H2PRO. Battery capacity can be measured in Milliamp Hours (mAh) and Watt Hours (Wh). The higher, the more charge you should get from the extra battery enclosed within the case. ThinCharge RRP: £39.99, US$59.95 Capacity: 2,600mAh; 9.88Wh Weight: 70g While supremely useful at keeping your phone working when it inevitably runs out of juice during the day or at best as the evening begins the life-saving battery case adds bulk and weight to something Apple's design team has spent years making slimmer and lighter. So the ThinCharge is something to really celebrate. Manufacturer ChargeTech claims that the ThinCharge is the world's slimmest battery case for the iPhone 6 and 6s. We've tested a lot (!) of battery cases for the iPhone 6 and we think that this claim might just be the truth. The ThinCharge measures a mere 11mm deep. Compare that with Mophie's most compact case, which measures nearly 15mm. Our previous slimmest battery case was the iWalk Chameleon (see below) at 12.9mm. Indeed ThinCharge adds a mere 0.69mm to the iPhone 6's depth. It's also the lighest we've tested. At 70g it's 12g lighter than the iWalk, and 5g less weighty than the most compact Mophie case (if you think you'll notice the 5g difference). The 2,600mAh battery should offer well over a full charge but in our tests it didn't make it much past that filling up point – to be fair this is all one really needs a battery case to do. We did find charging the case took longer than others, and the LED light charge indicator uses a system of flashes to show available charge that is not as obvious as other cases' large LED arrays. The ThinCharge has a slight yet robust protective frame (we dropped it once and the top section came away, but snapped back on easily enough). It's a two-part case so this is quite a natural reaction to being dropped and nothing (including the iPhone) was damaged. Not only is the ThinCharge super slim but it uses Apple's own Lightning connector to charge, which is great news as it means you don't have to muck around with fiddly micro USB cables. It won't sync via that Lightning slot, just charge the battery – to sync via cable you need to slide the phone out of the case. While it ships in an Apple-like minimalist box it doesn't include an extra Lightning cable, but you can just use the iPhone's own, so this is no real disadvantage. You can buy the ThinCharge direct from ChargeTech – UK readers should use the special discount code idgukreader as it is not yet available on Amazon.co.uk, and this code makes up for the shipping cost. ChargeTech says that shipping to the UK can take 15-20 days. US customers can buy it from ChargeTech or at Amazon.com. While we bemoan the shipping time (for UK customers) we do recommend the ThinCharge for its super slim design, decent battery life and use of Apple's Lighning cable. It adds so little extra bulk yet keeps the iPhone safe from knocks and small drops plus has that full charge ready for when the phone's own starts fading. It's available in three colours: Matt Balck, Metallic Gold and Glossy White. iWalk Chameleon i6 Rating: RRP: £39.99 Capacity: 2,400mAh; 8.9Wh Weight: 87g The iWALK Chameleon iPhone 6/6s Power Case is the lightest, thinnest (12.9mm) and (just) the shortest of the iPhone 6s battery cases reviewed here. If adding bulk to your iPhone concerns you then this is the battery case for you. It beats the chunkier Mophie cases, and even the relatively svelte Phonesuit cases reviewed here. One reason for this is the smaller-capacity battery, which at 2,400mAh doesn't give too much more than a full recharge ( the power packs of the 3,000mAh+ cases offer around 125%, i.e. one full charge and then a further quarter charge). It is, however, marginally wider than the others, and this is because of the military-style air-cushion bumper parts of the case’s protection. "Immortal" it probably isn't but it offers both a good grip for drop prevention and bumpers for impact protection. The buttons are overlays rather than cut-outs, which adds to the robust feel of this case. Amazingly, this actually improved the on/off/sleep button, which proves problematic to some iPhone 6s users with its new side rather than top position. Also clever, the bottom earphone jack port is half detachable, so angled L-shaped or short headphone jacks will fit. Other cases generally require a headphone extender cable for such jacks. Useful pass-through technology allows you to charge your power case and iPhone 6s at the same time. The iPhone is charged first, and then the case. You can also sync the phone while attached by the supplied cable. Previously Apple used to prevent this, but iTunes/iPhoto sync via case USB now works, which means you don't have to remove the phone from the case just to sync. Our only niggle is that separating the two sections of the case, when you need to remove the iPhone, is tricky and requires a hard pull that slightly concerned us. That said, with pass-through charge and sync, and with this case being so slim, you shouldn't really ever need to remove the phone from the case anyway. We really like the iWALK’s tough protection and slim design. It feels well made, and has some innovative features lacking in the other cases here. In our opinion the iWALK Chameleon iPhone 6s Power Case is the best iPhone 6s battery case if you don't want to add too much bulk to your slim iPhone but do require a full charge in reserve. Pros: Lightest and slimmest iPhone 6 battery case; solid protection; pass-through charge and sync; handy earphone jack port for right-angled headphone jacks. Cons: Smaller capacity battery; case can be tricky to separate when you want to remove the iPhone. Get the iWalk battery case from Amazon Tylt Energi RRP: £79.99 Capacity: 3,200mAh; 12.16Wh Weight: 127g (inner layer on its own: 28g) Most battery cases are very similar with a slightly bulky back case carrying a battery of varying size, and some sort of LED lights showing you how much juice is left. The Tylt Energi Sliding Power Case is cleverer than that. It’s actually two cases: one to protect your phone when you don’t need to carry the extra battery; and the other being a more standard battery back case, here called the Power Sleeve. The Tylt Slider – let’s call it that because it’s a better name than the one it actually has – is perfect for people who occasionally need that extra battery power to be on hand, but mostly just want a non-bulky case for phone protection. That first, inner case is easy to fit and rather stylish, and appears robust, protecting from knocks, bumps and screen cracks. When you need the back-up battery you simply slide the first case into the second Power Sleeve. The two cases together are bulkier than most of the others here, but that’s not the point as you only need both when heading out on a long day away from power – or when the actual recharging is taking place. Indeed you could leave the charged battery part in your bag until you need it, and then slide the two together at that moment just before your iPhone battery is due to expire. Its 3,200mAH battery is a decent dose of juice that yields a little over one full recharge, which will be plenty for most people. We salute the dual-layer Tylt Energi Sliding Power Case for its ingenious solution to the don’t-want-to-bulk-up-my-iPhone-but-need-more-battery-life dilemma. Battery backup without the bulk, the Tylt Slider appears to offer the best of both worlds.  Pros: Clever dual-layer case so no battery bulk until you need it – but protection all the time. Cons: Bulkier than most when both parts of case linked, but use wisely and this shouldn't matter too much. Buy the Tylt Energi 3200 from Amazon. Mophie juice pack air for iPhone 6 and 6s RRP: £89.95, US$99.95 Capacity: Up to 3,950mAh Weight: From 75.1g Mophie is the market leader for iPhone battery cases, and many iPhone 6s users have been waiting for the release of its cases for the latest iPhone. What you get with Mophie is a long pedigree of quality, award-winning battery cases. From a protection point of view you can’t fault Mophie cases, which feature rubberised support pads to guard against drops and hard falls. Mophie offers a range of battery capacities, and you can trust Mophie's claims more than the cheaper cases available online. Unlike most of the cases here the Mophie cases will sync and charge while connected to a computer. Each case comes with a Micro USB cable for charging and a headphone extension lead for those who use headphones with an angled or short jack. The Juice Pack range has several models, and the main one is called the Juice Pack Air, available from the above link The Juice Pack Reserve is the most compact and affordable and will give your iPhone around a 60% boost, the Air should power a near-dead iPhone back to full charge, while the Plus and the Ultra will give you capacity to charge your iPhone more than once. While the Mophies lack the innovative features seen on the Tylt Energi and slimmness of the iWalk, Mophie is a dependable brand for quality of build and effective battery life. Pros: Market-leading battery case brand, quality construction made in same factories that Apple uses. Cons: Bulkier than most and certainly not the cheapest; lacks some of the innovative features of others. The 1,840mAh Juice Pack Reserve measures 7.01cm x 15cm x 1.47cm (2.76in x 5.9in x 0.58in), and weighs 75.1g (2.65oz). Buy the Mophie Juice Pack Reserve from Amazon The 2,750mAh Juice Pack Air measures 7.42cm x 15.5cm x 1.55cm (2.92in x 6.10in x 0.61in), and weighs 99g (3.5oz). Buy the Mophie Juice Pack Air from Amazon The higher-capacity and more robust 3,300mAh Juice Pack Plus measures a slightly larger 7.44cm x 15.57cm x 1.68cm (2.93in x 6.13in x 0.66in), and weighs 110g (3.9oz). Buy the Mophie Juice Pack Plus from Amazon The 3,950mAh Juice Pack Ultra measures 7.44cm x 15.57cm x 1.78cm (2.93in x 6.13in x 0.70in), and weighs 122g (4.3oz). Buy the Mophie Juice Pack Ulta from Amazon Mophie Juice Pack H2PRO RRP: £119.95, US$129.95 Capacity: 2,750mAh; 10.45Wh Weight: 114g Another case of a battery case that goes the extra mile in terms of features or clever design is Mophie's Juice Pack H2PRO, which offers healthy extra battery life at 2,750mAh capacity plus waterproof protection. Like the Juice Pack Air it should give you a full extra charge of a fading iPhone 6/6s battery. Water is one of the iPhone's weak spots, and a drenched iPhone is mostly declared dead, although there are ways to save a wet iPhone. So protecting your valuable device froma  wtery death is highly advisable. It also feels like one of the more robust designs for drops and knocks. It's easy to put together, and also to take apart – handy as this is a case you might save just for watery environments, and use another case for everyday dry use. The Mophie H2PRO will especially appeal to underwater photographers, divers and general beach bums or swimming pool enthusiasts. Take your phone to the beach all day and you'll likely need a battery top up, so why not invest in a waterproof battery case at the same time. You'll thank yourself for it if it gets dropped in the pool or left in a bag with a wet towel. It comes in four colours: Black, White/Grey, Blue/White, and Pink/Grey. Pros: Waterproof; market-leading battery case brand; quality construction made in same factories that Apple uses; decent battery capacity. Cons: Bulkier than most and certainly not the cheapest. Phonesuit Elite 6 RRP: £89.99 Capacity: Up to 4,200mAh Weight: Up to 140g Phonesuit cases, built with high-strength polycarbonate, offer decent protection in attractive, slim designs. If you value your iPhone's slimness you may well prefer the Phonesuit to the slightly chunkier Mophie cases. The Phonesuit 6 Elite measures 153mm x 71mm x 14mm, compared to the Mophie Juice Pack Air's 155mm x 7.42mm x 15.5mm, although the Mophie is about half a gram lighter! The iWalk Chameleon (see above) is the shortest and slimmest case we tested, measuring 152mm x 75mm x 12.9mm. The battery capacities might not be as high as some of the Chinese cases reviewed here, but they come with a pedigree of an established brand. We recommend you go for the slightly dearer Pro models to maximise reserve battery power. At 4,200mAh the Elite 6 Pro case for iPhone 6 Plus has the biggest battery capacity we've seen for the larger iPhone, beating the 2,600mAh Mophie Juice Pack model – although it's a full 30g heavier. PhoneSuit claims that its innovative touch control technology utilizes multiple touch sensors that allow users to check battery status and control iPhone power output that eliminate the need for mechanical switches and buttons. While this isn't a huge practical help, it does add a sheen of Apple cool to the cases. Mophie would argue that a clunkier mechanical switch means you really have to mean to turn the case battery on, eliminating any user errors. Advanced features include pass-through charging, and iTunes syncing – which are also great time savers, as you don't have to remove your iPhone from the case for charging and syncing. It's what you'd expect from an officially Apple-accredited case. The soft-touch, metallic rubber composite coating provides for a better grip and feel in hand, and so offers drop prevention as well as knock protection. The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case series is available in variety of colours, including soft-touch Black metallic, Blue metallic, Red metallic and Silver metallic. Pros: Slimmer than Mophie; non-slip materials; Pro models offer even more battery charge; touch controls. Cons: Lacks some of the innocative features of other cases. Buy the Phonesuit Elite (2,200mAh) for iPhone 6 or 6s from Amazon Buy the Phonesuit Elite Pro (3,000mAh) for iPhone 6 or 6s from Amazon Buy the Phonesuit Elite (3,000mAh) for iPhone 6 Plus or 6s Plus from Amazon Buy the Phonesuit Elite Pro (4,200mAh) for iPhone 6 Plus or 6s Plus from Amazon Emtec U500 Power Pouch RRP: £41.99, US$39.99 Capacity: 6,000mAh Weight: 240g So many iPhone battery cases are similar that we rejoice when we get to test something a little different, such as the Tylt Energi Sliding Power Case, and iWalk cases. The Emtec Power Pouch is more of a purse, in that you can slip your iPhone (there is also an Android/Windows Phone model) into a pocket and connect with the included Lighning connector only when you need to charge. For the rest of the time you can leave your iPhone naked or in a more subtle, slimline case than most of the battery cases reviewed here. You can just leave the Power Pouch in your bag, rucksack or handbag for when you need the reserve power bank. And the 6,000mAh battery capacity is pretty huge, which could charge a fading iPhone over two times over. There's also a standard USB port so (with the right cable) you can charge other devices from the Power Pouch, too. Certified by Apple, the Emtec Power Pouch is well made. It doesn't really offere extra protection as it's not a case as such – although in a handbag it could protect from everyday scratches. At 240g it is a lot heavier than most battery cases, but as the iPhone doesn't need to be encased all the time it doesn't add any bulk to the phone when not in use – unlike most iPhone battery cases. Compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c. Pros: Not really a case so doesn't bulk up iPhone when not being charged; interesting case alternative; large battery capacity; can charge other devices too. Cons: Doesn't offer protection when not being charged; heavier than a normal case. Buy the Emtec Power Pouch (Lightning) from Amazon Savfy iPhone Battery Case RRP: £49.99, US$49.98 Capacity: 3,100mAh; 11.47Wh Weight: 102g The iPhone battery case market is dominated by Chinese imports, and some are better than others. The Savfy Battery Case for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s is one of the better battery cases available online. It’s slimmer than a Mophie but with a large battery capacity – 3,200mAh, which is just under the top Mophie’s 3,300mAh but above the less expensive Mophie battery cases. That level of extra power should easily power up a faded iPhone for at least one full charge. It’s a two-part design, with a solid-looking bumper and hard-shell backplate, which features a handy LED battery-level indicator. You fit the iPhone into the backplate, then snap the bumper over. Taking the bumper off was a bit fiddly, but you may not need to do this too often. At 102g it’s around the same weight as the other recommended iPhone battery cases, although the Tylt Slider’s clever two-part design is still our favourite for lightweight protection and a separate battery case only when you need it. Although supposedly Apple certified we did get an initial “This accessory is not certified and may not work reliably with this iPhone”. However, another push on the button and charging started immediately. Apart from its lightweight and apparently robust design, plus decent battery capacity, the main appeal of the Savfy Battery Case is it’s online price of just £21.99 on Amazon. Savfy has cheaper, but we prefer this model to the others reviewed here later. It comes with a charging cable and pass-through jack so that angled headphone jacks will fit. Pros: Slim case and reasonably lightweight; high capacity battery; inexpensive Cons: Case a little tricky to remove Buy the Savfy Battery Case from Amazon UNU DX-6 Battery case RRP: £59.99, US$79.99 Capacity: 3,000mAh; 11.1Wh Weight: 95g The UNU DX-6 has one of the smaller battery capacities (3,000mAh) but will still offer over a full charge for the fading iPhone. It still boasts more charge than most iPhone 5 battery cases, mind, as well as the entry-level Mophie Juice Pack Air. When charging the case and the iPhone simultaneously from 0%, the battery case will charge for a minute or two then the phone will begin to charge. This is to protect the internal battery of the DX-6, and, UNU claims, will “dramatically increase” the total amount of charging life-cycles of the battery case. To prevent turning the case on or off while the battery case is in a pocket or purse, the power button must be held for two seconds and then released. This avoids accidental switching on the battery, which can occur with some of the other  cases. The case is well designed, with rubbery tough plastic for solid protection. The usual cut-outs are included, plus you get a headphone extension cable in case you use headphones with a short or angled jack. A Micro USB cable, for charging, is also included. Pros: Nicely designed case; easy to separate sections to remove iPhone. Cons: Battery life not as high as others; LED display basic. Buy the UNU DX-6 Battery Case from Amazon Lenmar Maven Battery Case RRP: £24.99 Capacity: 3,000mAh Weight: 96g The Lenmar Maven – also known as Undead Power – iPhone 6 Power Case relies on its cool, X-Men-like energy button to make it stand out from the crowd. Rather than a series of three or four LEDs the Maven's LED indicator shows charging status via flashing or solid sections of the X logo lighting up. It's certified by Apple, and allows syncing without you having to remove your iPhone from the case. Lenmar claims that the Maven's optimised speaker channels actually amplifues the sound from your iPhone, and the audio quality from this case did sound better than in most. It also comes with a headphone extender if you prefer to keep your music to yourself. Other than that it's fairly standard in design, although credit must go for the ease with which the top section of the case is removed when you want to take your iPhone out. Many of the cases reviewed here require some strength and bravery in pulling the two sections apart, but the Maven's top section pulls off quite easily. The battery is classed at 3,000mAh, which is a little higher than most, and should get you over a full charge from a dead iPhone battery. Pros: Decent battery life and protection; easy to dissasemble; cool LED charge indicator; amplified sound. Cons: Standard design; more expensive than some other Apple-acredited cases reviewed here. Vanda Power Case RRP: £15 Capacity: 4,200mAh; 15.5Wh Weight: 92g Anorther cheapy from China. We ordered a 3,200mAh case and received a 4,200mAh model, so don't expect to always get the correct battery capacity. The design is similar to the other cheaper cases, but it feels a little more flimsy at the detachable top, which doesn't quite fit as tightly as the others. There was also a little imperfection under the camera cut-out. It didn't make any difference but does suggest relatively lax quality control. It also promises charge and sync using a Lightnning cable (not supplied), but only the case is charged that way. You'd have to use the case to charge the phone, or remove the phone from the case to charge and sync to you computer. Update: after about 4 minutes the computer did recognise the iPhone, but the time lag again suggests a non-perfect fit. But it's something of a bargain at such a low cost, although delivery via Amazon did take a couple of weeks. It felt the weakest of all the cases, and while it might protect the iPhone from a drop, it might not survive itself. Pros: Super cheap; decent battery life; lightweight. Cons: Fit isn't perfect and detachable top feels a little weak; received larger battery capacity than ordered (good but what if it went the other way?); long delivery time. Skyrocket 6GA-2 Power Case RRP: £20 Capacity: 7,000mAh; 25.9Wh Weight: 137g This iPhone 6 case boasts the largest capacity battery pack of all the cases we’ve seen. 7,000mAh is enormous and recharges a dead battery at least twice over. We got about 240% charge (filling up a dead iPhone nearly two and a half times) out of this case over three days. The compromise is on size and bulk. While not twice the size of the 3,000mAh battery cases this Power Case is certainly a little bigger and heaver than the other here. There’s not a great deal to the dimensions, although it’s noticeably deeper, but the weight of 137g is similar to the naked iPhone 6 itself. Most other battery cases weigh a little under 100g. While this may put some off we do think there’s a place for this monster. If you’re travelling a long time between possible charges and/or using the phone heavily during the day then having a double-size battery to recharge from is going to come in useful. You could just buy a decent-sized power bank (a battery pack that isn’t a case) but don’t forget most require you carry round a Lightning cable as well. And power banks don’t protect your iPhone from a fall or knock like a decent case does. The 7,000mAh battery is so powerful that you can even plug in a separate cable into the case’s side-based USB port to charge another device. Even a iPad tablet might get a decent charge from this iPhone 6 battery case. A Lightning cable for charging is not included. Pros: Huge battery life. Cons: Bigger and heavier than most cases; flimsy stand. Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Xbox Scorpio latest rumours - release date, UK price and specs 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Adobe releases updates to Adobe Illustrator and InDesign iPad (2017) review SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews PC & Laptop Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Best Tech Deals Tech Forums PC Advisor Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors Android Advisor Apple Advisor Blackberry Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Chrome Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Storage Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow PC Advisor on Twitter Follow PC Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Yesterday AAPL: 143.66 -0.36 Apple reportedly signs two year deal with Samsung to supply curved iPhone OLED displays, up to 92 million panels in 2017 Benjamin Mayo - Apr. 6th 2017 3:13 am PT @bzamayo iPhone 7 iPhone 8 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is preparing its supply chain for the onslaught of next-generation iPhone sales in the fall, expected to be a bumper year with much anticipation for the radical ‘iPhone 8’ redesign. According to ETNews, via Digitimes, Apple has agreed a two year contract with Samsung Display to supply curved iPhone OLED panels. Samsung is apparently upping capacity to as much as 92 million units in 2017, as demand from Apple rises. Apple uses OLED in Apple Watch and the MacBook Pro Touch Bar already, but the iPhone 8 represents the first time the company will use the display technology in the iPhone, it’s biggest product. The best, strongest, Lightning cables ... buy braided cables here Earlier in the week, Nikkei reported that Apple had agreed a deal for 70 million OLED panels this year. However, Apple is demanding even higher quantities from Samsung as it expects its next-generation device to be a blockbuster success. Analysts expect Apple to sell around ~60 million iPhones this year featuring an OLED display, which is an impressive figure given the iPhone 8 is not expected to launch until September (at the earliest). Apple typically sells more than ten million new iPhones in the opening weekend alone. Apple reportedly has signed a two-year contract with Samsung Display for the supply of KRW10 trillion (US$9 billion) worth of small-size curved OLED panels, according to Korea-based ET News, Chosun Bizand other media. Based on the contract, Samsung Display will ship 70-92 million small-size OLED panels to Apple in 2017, said the reports. This means that about 30% of iPhone devices shipped in 2017 will come with curved OLED panels, given that Apple currently ships about 200 million iPhone devices a year. The contract that has been signed is set for two years which secures supplies for the new 2017 iPhone and the 2018 iPhone refresh. Depending on production scale, Apple could also bring on more suppliers in addition to Samsung in the future. At least for 2017, Samsung and Apple are saturating OLED supplies, pushing out other manufacturers. Although we are yet to see case or schematics leaks, the iPhone 8 is hotly-anticipated. Rumors suggest it will feature a 5.8-inch gently-curved edge-to-edge OLED display, a bezel-less front, a 3D depth-sensing front camera, wireless charging, a virtual Home Button with integrated Touch ID fingerprint sensor, facial recognition and more. Investors are calling the next iPhone a ‘supercycle’, anticipating a major sales jump after three years of the same exterior design. In addition to the redesigned phone, Apple is also expected to debut two iterative updates to the existing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. These latter devices will focus on internal component upgrades. The hype for the radical iPhone 8 is what is driving the consumer (and investor) frenzy, though. Top image via handy-abovergleich.ch Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide iPhone 8 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Australia sues Apple over claims it broke users' iPhones and iPads iPhone 6 owners complained last year that iOS 9 killed their repaired phones with "Error 53" message Credit: AFP Cara McGoogan 6 April 2017 • 11:21am Apple is being sued over claims it purposefully stopped devices from working when owners went to third parties to repair cracked screens. Australia's consumer watchdog has brought the case following reports that Apple disabled then refused to unlock hundreds of iPhones and iPads because they had been fixed by unauthorised technicians.  Between 2014 and 2016 Apple customers who had their phone and tablet screens replaced by someone other than the company were allegedly met with a message saying, "could not be restored" when it was next connected to a computer. After this point the devices stopped working, the lawsuit claims. Apple's response to customer complaints about the problem was that "no Apple entity [...] was required to, or would, provide a remedy" for free, according to the regulator.  "It's fair to say we haven't observered similar behaviour by other manufacturers," said Rod Sims, chairman of the Australian regulator. "Apple seems to have a particular way of doing things."  Watch | Apple iPhone - by numbers 01:26 The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission is suing Apple over the problem on the grounds that owners are entitled to support from a company even if they have had their property fixed independently. It added that third party repairs are often cheaper than those by Apple.  "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer's warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," Apple came under fire from consumers last year over a similar issue dubbed the "Error 53" problem, which left iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices that had been repaired obsolete when updated to iOS 9. The problem only affected these handsets and began in 2015.  That's it I'm done with @APPLEOFFIClAL I will not buy another iphone again!! Error 53 I lost all my pics because it won't let me update— Dj Emil LMP (@DJEMILNYC) January 31, 2016 If you ever get error 53 when trying to restore your iPhone, just know that it's Apple's way of saying you're screwed. V screwed— bentley (@_bentleys) December 18, 2015 Apple, Human Rights Campaign: Iphone 6 Error 53 Solution - Sign the Petition! https://t.co/tW9ShChr4o via @Change— MINGOCISSÉ (@Mingocisse) January 30, 2016  Australia's regulator said Apple engaged in "misleading or deceptive conduct and made false or misleading representations to consumers" about how its software updates would affect its products.  The watchdog is seeking a host of penalties from Apple including fines of up to A$1.1 million (£670,000) per breach, with the court to decide how many occurred. It is also seeking injunctions, declarations, compliance program orders, corrective notices and costs. Previous legal action over the problem sought has been unsuccessful. A US judge threw out a class action lawsuit against Apple regarding Error 53 for the plaintiff's "lack of standing to pursue injunctive relief". The biggest mistakes in tech history   Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Related Topics Consumer goods iPhone Australia Apple iPad Show more Technology latest 01:02 06 Apr 2017, 5:56pm French inventor flies real-life hoverboard over the Atlantic Ocean 06 Apr 2017, 5:27pm Facebook to educate users about fake news 06 Apr 2017, 4:39pm The truth about miracle material graphene – and why you shouldn't listen to Richard Branson 06 Apr 2017, 2:19pm Spotify plans flotation - without an IPO Gallery 06 Apr 2017, 11:30am Gallery: 25 iPhone secrets, shortcuts and hidden features you should know about 06 Apr 2017, 9:36am Comment: Facebook Stories confirms a brutal truth: Facebook isn't fun anymore James Titcomb Premium 06 Apr 2017, 7:00am What to do if you accidentally press 'reply all' - and other fixes for email faux pas 06 Apr 2017, 1:26am Europe regulator says airlines' cabin tech ban may compromise safety 06 Apr 2017, 12:01am Gig economy row escalates as MPs attack Uber, Amazon, Deliveroo over 'gibberish' contracts  05 Apr 2017, 7:48pm Diego Maradona threatens to sue Pro Evolution Soccer creators  05 Apr 2017, 6:00pm Deliveroo opens 30 kitchens to meet surging takeaway demand 05 Apr 2017, 4:06pm Huawei faces UK injunction on smartphone sales 05 Apr 2017, 2:27pm What is Mastodon? The new social network vying to be the next Twitter 05 Apr 2017, 2:00pm Facebook cracking down on revenge porn with new tracking tool  05 Apr 2017, 12:14pm Self-healing phone screen can fix itself in 24 hours Gallery 05 Apr 2017, 9:28am Gallery: Obsolete technologies that will baffle modern children - in pictures  01:29 05 Apr 2017, 8:36am First driverless shuttle tests begin in London 01:26 05 Apr 2017, 6:00am The evolution of wearable technology 04 Apr 2017, 8:01pm Comment: The robots may well be coming to steal your job - but don't be afraid James Quinn Premium 04 Apr 2017, 5:48pm Sir Tim Berners-Lee warns Government against 'disaster' of breaking encryption 04 Apr 2017, 5:36pm Looking for a new job? Get paid £13,700 to spend two months in bed If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Australian Consumer Regulator Sues Apple Over iPhone ‘Error 53′ By Tyler Lee on 04/06/2017 03:22 PDT Last year in an update to iOS 9, it was discovered that if you had your iPhone repaired via an unauthorized repair center, it would result in your iPhone getting bricked and users would be greeted by an “Error 53” message. Now it seems that a year later, Australia’s consumer regulator is still unhappy over the incident and has since sued Apple over it. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) has filed a lawsuit against Apple and are alleging that the company had violated the country’s consumer laws. The watchdog is asking for financial penalties of up to AUD$1.1 million per breach should Apple be found guilty. According to Rod Sims, chairman of the ACCC who spoke to The Wall Street Journal in an interview, “It’s fair to say we haven’t observed similar behavior by other manufacturers. Apple seems to have a particular way of doing things.” We should point out that this isn’t the first time Apple has been sued over “error 53”, although one of those lawsuits has since been dismissed. Whether or not this new lawsuit in Australia will hold remains to be seen. In the meantime shortly after the incident, Apple issued another update to iOS 10.9 in which it would restore iPhones that were bricked by “error 53”. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about iOS, iPhone and Legal. Related Articles 2017-04-05 Apple’s iPhone 8 Could Be Delayed Until November 2017-04-04 Apple’s iPhone 8 Might Not Cost $1,000 After All 2017-04-03 Apple Reportedly Places 70 Million OLED Screen Orders From Samsung 2017-04-03 Apple Is Reportedly Developing Their Own Mobile GPU 2017-03-29 iOS 10.3 Should Make Your iPhone Feel Faster 2017-03-23 Hackers Still Threatening To Wipe Apple Devices 2017-03-19 How To Delete Emails and Accounts on iPhone 2016-02-24 Apple CEO Tim Cook Likens iPhone Backdoor To Software Cancer Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Middle Eastern Airlines Has A Workaround On Electronics Ban Galaxy S8’s Battery Will Degrade Slower Than The Galaxy S7 User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:10 GMT, Apr 07, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Putin believes US attack on Syria violates international law – spokesman HomeBusiness Apple taken to court by Australia over alleged iPhone ‘bricking’ Published time: 6 Apr, 2017 10:30 Get short URL A technician fixes a broken iPhone 6 by Apple © Michaela Rehle / Reuters Australia's consumer watchdog has sued tech giant Apple alleging the company used a software update to disable iPhones which had cracked screens fixed by third parties. Read more Apple fixes ‘Error 53’ that bricked iPhones after third-party repairs According to the court filing, Apple 'bricked' or disabled with a software update hundreds of smartphones and tablet devices. It then refused to unlock them because customers had the devices serviced by “unauthorized repairers.” "Consumer guarantee rights under Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer's warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," said Rod Sims, chairman of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC). He added that “denying a consumer their consumer guarantee rights simply because they had chosen a third party repairer not only impacts those consumers but can dissuade other customers from making informed choices about their repair options including where they may be offered at lower cost than the manufacturer.” The regulator said that between September 2014 and February 2016, Apple customers who downloaded software updates and then connected their devices to their computers received a message saying the device "could not be restored and the device had stopped functioning." READ MORE: Apple employees accused of compiling explicit pics of customers When customers asked Apple to fix their devices, they were told that "no Apple entity... was required to, or would, provide a remedy" for free. ACCC says Apple engaged in "misleading or deceptive conduct and made false or misleading representations to consumers" about its software updates and customers' rights to have their products repaired by the company. ‘We follow the law’: Apple reportedly paid 0 tax in New Zealand over past decade https://t.co/FnMdfT8pxkpic.twitter.com/iATLOIjwqt— RT (@RT_com) March 23, 2017 Last year, Apple customers worldwide faced the so-called 'Error 53' problem in iPhone software which rendered devices non-functional when serviced by non-Apple technicians. The company has apologized and issued a fix in the form of a software update. It has also released a new support document on its site that covers the causes and repair methods for the error. The electronics giant had previously claimed the error was a measure that existed to prevent fraudulent transactions and keep devices secure. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage Home Macs Opinion Wish list: What I’d like to see in the new Mac Pro There’s a new top-of-the-line Mac coming in 2018. When you buy one, hopefully it’ll be filled with the tech to make it the fastest Mac for years to come. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Roman Loyola Senior Editor, Macworld | Apr 6, 2017 3:00 AM PT Credit: Photo: Roman Loyola More like this Which Mac should you buy? What the Mac needs in 2017 Apple finally refreshes the Mac Pro, but the model you want isn't coming this... Video MacBook Pro review: The Touch Bar bridges the gap between iPad and Mac Now that we know that Apple really does care about the Mac and is working on a new Mac Pro, it’s no longer a useless exercise to dream a little bit and make a wish list of what we’d like to see in Apple’s top-of-the-line Mac. Apple says the new Mac Pro will hopefully ship next year. Once it does hit the market, here’s what I hope to find in the future Mac Pro. A practical tower case design There’s no denying that the current cylindrical Mac Pro is a design feat that’s nice to look at, but it’s impractical in so many ways. And the fashionable design is one of the last things pro users care about. It’s not like you’re going to sit there and admire the Mac Pro’s round edges and gunmetal glare while waiting for a 4K video to render. No, you’re moving on to other tasks. You’ve got to get stuff done. Apple Apple’s aluminum tower case made its debut with the Power Mac G5 in 2003. A tower case design that provides easy access to the inside of the computer is what pros want. I’m not an engineer or a designer, but I imagine a tower is easier to deal with (and it’s a design proven over and over again) when it comes to thermal considerations, which Apple admits is a problem with the cylindrical Mac Pro. Should Apple simply revive the “cheese grater” design of the original Mac Pro? Apple doesn’t believe in looking back. That tower design worked, but it was extremely heavy and bulky. Apple’s all about the sleekness and thinness of its Mac laptops, iPhones, and iPads, so expect the same for a Mac Pro tower. The main reason I want a tower design is because it accommodates the other things I’d like to see in a new Mac Pro. Like… Modern graphics processors and the ability to upgrade Brad Chacos Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti When Nvidia recently started shipping its GeForce GTX 1080 Ti, I had the same thought I always have when a new beastly desktop graphics card hits the PC market: It’s too f-ing bad that a Mac can’t use that new GPU. In its Mac Pro pow-wow with select members of the media, Apple admitted that it took the wrong approach to its graphic implementation in the cylindrical Mac Pro. Apple gave the impression that the new Mac Pro will accommodate the way GPUs are currently designed, resulting in better handling of 3D graphics, video, and virtual reality software. But it’s not enough to include current GPUs in the Mac Pro. I can easily see Apple including a non-upgradeable GPU in order to accommodate certain design philosophies, and that would be wrong. Mac Pro users demand speed, and the ability to upgrade the graphics card when a faster one becomes available is key to fulfilling that demand. Razer Razer Core external GPU for PCs. During the Mac Pro briefing, TechCrunch’s Matthew Panzarino asked Apple about external GPUs. Apple VP Craig Federighi responded with a terse, “I think they have a place.” So neither a denial or confirmation. An external GPU opens up some interesting possibilities. It would work over a Thunderbolt 3 connection, and since it's external, we could see an interesting and compact Mac Pro case design. It’s also feasible that an external GPU unit could also be used with a MacBook Pro or any other Mac equipped with the proper Thunderbolt 3 ports. However, an external GPU is the exact type of product Apple historically would not sell. (An external GPU also requires some macOS issues to be worked out.) But it looks like the thermal issues with the current Mac Pro calls for some out-of-the-box thinking with the future Mac Pro.  Up-to-date CPUs In order to make my point about the CPU in the future Mac Pro, I’d like to talk about Apple’s current MacBook Pro. The MacBook Pro uses Skylake processors, which were released by Intel in 2015. Meanwhile, the PC market offers laptops with Kaby Lake Intel processors, the successor to Skylake that was released last year. Essentially, the MacBook Pro uses an older-generation processor, which might be fine for what people do on the laptop. Newegg But the Mac Pro needs to have the latest Intel processor available. The Mac Pro is Apple’s way to showcase its implementation of the best technology available. Older-generation processors defeat that purpose. And as I’ve said before, Mac Pro users demand speed. Imagine the letdown if Apple revealed a Mac Pro in 2018 based around a Skylake processor. As for the ability to upgrade the CPU, I don’t think Apple would or could do it. As PC users know, a CPU upgrade often requires a motherboard upgrade, and Apple has never gone that route. That's another reason why Apple needs to use the latest processors. Ports: Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, USB 3.0 Apple Apple USB-C to USB Adapter This goes without saying, and it’s probably a done deal. Thunderbolt 3/USB-C is on the MacBook Pro, so there’s a precedence in the Mac lineup. I would like to see a couple of USB 3.0 ports, though, to support legacy hardware that people use. Sure, Apple offers a USB-C to USB Adapter ($19), but since the future Mac Pro is going to be Apple’s most expensive Mac, adding a couple of USB 3 ports will not only be convenient, but it’ll also save the user from buying more adapters. I’d like to see most of the ports on the current Mac Pro appear on the future Mac Pro: ethernet, the audio out ports, and HMDI. No need to include FireWire; I know some will disagree, but Apple moved on from FireWire a while ago. 512GB SSD to start Dan Frakes/IDG The SSD inside the current Mac Pro. A lot of Mac Pro users rely on external storage, but you also need enough internal storage. The current Mac Pro includes 256GB of flash storage, and for content developers, that’s too small. At least 1TB is ideal, but it’s expensive. 512GB, while probably on the small side, is a good cost/capacity compromise. You can upgrade the current cylindrical Mac Pro with a third-party SSD, like one offered by OWC. But the installation involves more than simply disconnecting and removing the old drive and connecting and placing the new one. A new tower case could make it really easy to perform a storage upgrade. A complementary 5K display Also revealed during Apple’s Mac Pro briefing: The company is working on a pro display. No details were offered on the display, but Apple worked with LG on the UltraFine 5K Display, which can lead you into the direction Apple will probably take with its pro display. LG LG UltraFine 5K display It sounds like the new Apple display is being designed with the future Mac Pro in mind, but I hope Apple remembers that an Apple pro display will be bought by non-Mac Pro users, as well. So hopefully any dependence of the pro display on the Mac Pro will be kept to a minimum. I mentioned above how I’d like to see USB 3 on the future Mac Pro. The LG UltraFine 5K display includes USB-C ports, so we’ll probably see USB-C ports on Apple’s pro display. If Apple included a USB 3 port on the display and left them off the future Mac Pro, I’d be OK with that. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Macs Graphics Cards Storage Mac Desktops Mac Pro Roman has covered technology since the early 1990s. His career started at MacUser, and he's worked for MacAddict, Mac|Life, TechTV, PC/Computing, and Windows NT Systems. He's also written for MacRumors and Realtor.com. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,177.39 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC opens 0.4% lower at 5,101.33 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,287.01 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 379.54 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Software The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Apple sued by Australian regulator over ‘Error 53’ iPhone shutdowns By Mike Cherney Published: Apr 6, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Share Too early to tell how much Apple could be ordered to pay if it’s found liable Getty Images iPhone 6s models on display in Chicago. By MikeCherney An Australian regulator is suing Apple Inc. over software which disabled iPhones and iPads that had been serviced outside Apple stores after users downloaded updates. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission alleges Apple AAPL, -0.25%  violated Australia’s consumer law by shutting down or “bricking” the devices, and then telling customers the company wouldn’t fix the problem at no cost because their devices had been previously serviced by third-party providers. The errors appeared from September 2014 to at least February 2016. Apple last year said “Error 53” was a mistake that was designed to be a factory test and apologized for the inconvenience, posting instructions on its website for consumers to fix the problem. Initially, however, Apple said Error 53 was necessary to protect consumers’ devices if a fraudulent fingerprint sensor was used. The regulator, which filed the lawsuit in the Federal Court of Australia, is seeking monetary penalties, though it is too early to tell how much Apple could be ordered to pay if it is found liable. Penalties of up to A$1.1 million ($829,000) per breach could be assessed, though it would be up to the court to define how many breaches occurred. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ.com: Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council with Trump’s signoff How Target botched its response to the North Carolina bathroom law More from MarketWatch Gillette Slashing Razor, Blade Prices By as Much as 20% When Bike Sharing Goes Wrong The stock and real estate markets will tumble once the ECB follows the Fed Quote References AAPL -0.36 -0.25% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $143.66 -0.36 (-0.25%) Volume 20.3M Open $144.29 High $144.52 Low $143.45 P/E Ratio 17.2 Div Yield 1.59 Market Cap 755.6B
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Panasonic eyes Rs 1,200 cr in revenue from India in 2018 Business Standard Apple sued over iPhone 'Error 53' in Australia Error 53 appears when a device fails a security test IANS  |  Sydney  April 6, 2017 Last Updated at 15:36 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUsbpN The logo of Apple is seen at a store in Zurich (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ Apple rolls out iOS 10.3 beta update for users The two faces of Apple in India Apple rumoured to launch 'red' iPhone 7 and 7s next year How Apple's new iPhone reflects the saturation in the smartphone market Apple plans two more Chinese research hubs to boost iPhone sales Legal proceedings have been initiated against Apple by the Australian Competition and Consumer Authority (ACCA) for refusing to repair Error 53-affected devices which have been previously touched by a third party repairer. Error 53 appears when a device fails a security test. This test was designed by Apple to check whether Touch ID works properly before the device leaves the factory. According to a report in news.com.au on Thursday, the proceedings in the Federal Court in Melbourne against Apple allege that the company made false, misleading, or deceptive representations about consumers' rights under the Australian Consumer Law (ACL). "The ACCC is seeking penalties of up to $1.1 million per breach, injunctions, declarations, compliance programme orders, corrective notices, and costs," the report noted. The move comes after an investigation into reports relating to "Error 53", which bricked some iPads or iPhones after consumers downloaded an iOS update. The error is a result of change in connection between the "Touch ID" fingerprint recognition and other components of the device. Many devices bricked by Error 53 were previously repaired by a third party and Apple refused to repair such faulty devices on the grounds that an unauthorised party had touched them. "If the screen or any other part on your iPhone or iPad was replaced somewhere else, contact Apple Support about pricing information for out-of-warranty repairs," Apple Support team wrote on their official website. ACL entitles consumers to certain free remedies if products do not comply with "consumer guarantees" around quality and suitability. "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer's warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," Rod Sims, Chairman Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, was quoted as saying. --IANS qd/sm/vm Read More On Apple | Iphone | Error 53 | Australia | Security Test | Acca | Ios Update | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day ad Organizational Change. MIT's Online Program Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Lead Organizations & Change Online Course from MIT Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? A guide to creating a retirement budget -Business Standard New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Apple sued over iPhone 'Error 53' in Australia Error 53 appears when a device fails a security test Error 53 appears when a device fails a security test Legal proceedings have been initiated against Apple by the Australian Competition and Consumer Authority (ACCA) for refusing to repair Error 53-affected devices which have been previously touched by a third party repairer. Error 53 appears when a device fails a security test. This test was designed by Apple to check whether Touch ID works properly before the device leaves the factory. According to a report in news.com.au on Thursday, the proceedings in the Federal Court in Melbourne against Apple allege that the company made false, misleading, or deceptive representations about consumers' rights under the Australian Consumer Law (ACL). "The ACCC is seeking penalties of up to $1.1 million per breach, injunctions, declarations, compliance programme orders, corrective notices, and costs," the report noted. The move comes after an investigation into reports relating to "Error 53", which bricked some iPads or iPhones after consumers downloaded an iOS update. The error is a result of change in connection between the "Touch ID" fingerprint recognition and other components of the device. Many devices bricked by Error 53 were previously repaired by a third party and Apple refused to repair such faulty devices on the grounds that an unauthorised party had touched them. "If the screen or any other part on your iPhone or iPad was replaced somewhere else, contact Apple Support about pricing information for out-of-warranty repairs," Apple Support team wrote on their official website. ACL entitles consumers to certain free remedies if products do not comply with "consumer guarantees" around quality and suitability. "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer's warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," Rod Sims, Chairman Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, was quoted as saying. --IANS qd/sm/vm IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple sued over iPhone 'Error 53' in Australia Error 53 appears when a device fails a security test Legal proceedings have been initiated against Apple by the Australian Competition and Consumer Authority (ACCA) for refusing to repair Error 53-affected devices which have been previously touched by a third party repairer. Error 53 appears when a device fails a security test. This test was designed by Apple to check whether Touch ID works properly before the device leaves the factory. According to a report in news.com.au on Thursday, the proceedings in the Federal Court in Melbourne against Apple allege that the company made false, misleading, or deceptive representations about consumers' rights under the Australian Consumer Law (ACL). "The ACCC is seeking penalties of up to $1.1 million per breach, injunctions, declarations, compliance programme orders, corrective notices, and costs," the report noted. The move comes after an investigation into reports relating to "Error 53", which bricked some iPads or iPhones after consumers downloaded an iOS update. The error is a result of change in connection between the "Touch ID" fingerprint recognition and other components of the device. Many devices bricked by Error 53 were previously repaired by a third party and Apple refused to repair such faulty devices on the grounds that an unauthorised party had touched them. "If the screen or any other part on your iPhone or iPad was replaced somewhere else, contact Apple Support about pricing information for out-of-warranty repairs," Apple Support team wrote on their official website. ACL entitles consumers to certain free remedies if products do not comply with "consumer guarantees" around quality and suitability. "Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer's warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," Rod Sims, Chairman Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, was quoted as saying. --IANS qd/sm/vm IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,177.39 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC opens 0.4% lower at 5,101.33 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,287.01 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 379.54 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Software The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Apple sued by Australian regulator over ‘Error 53’ iPhone shutdowns By Mike Cherney Published: Apr 6, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Share Too early to tell how much Apple could be ordered to pay if it’s found liable Getty Images iPhone 6s models on display in Chicago. By MikeCherney An Australian regulator is suing Apple Inc. over software which disabled iPhones and iPads that had been serviced outside Apple stores after users downloaded updates. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission alleges Apple AAPL, -0.25%  violated Australia’s consumer law by shutting down or “bricking” the devices, and then telling customers the company wouldn’t fix the problem at no cost because their devices had been previously serviced by third-party providers. The errors appeared from September 2014 to at least February 2016. Apple last year said “Error 53” was a mistake that was designed to be a factory test and apologized for the inconvenience, posting instructions on its website for consumers to fix the problem. Initially, however, Apple said Error 53 was necessary to protect consumers’ devices if a fraudulent fingerprint sensor was used. The regulator, which filed the lawsuit in the Federal Court of Australia, is seeking monetary penalties, though it is too early to tell how much Apple could be ordered to pay if it is found liable. Penalties of up to A$1.1 million ($829,000) per breach could be assessed, though it would be up to the court to define how many breaches occurred. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ.com: Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council with Trump’s signoff How Target botched its response to the North Carolina bathroom law More from MarketWatch Gillette Slashing Razor, Blade Prices By as Much as 20% When Bike Sharing Goes Wrong The stock and real estate markets will tumble once the ECB follows the Fed Quote References AAPL -0.36 -0.25% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $143.66 -0.36 (-0.25%) Volume 20.3M Open $144.29 High $144.52 Low $143.45 P/E Ratio 17.2 Div Yield 1.59 Market Cap 755.6B
